"Soul Survivor Wiki Soul Survivor Wiki Helping out  To write a new article, just enter the article title in the box below.Featured article  Soul Survivor is a massive Christian event held yearly in many countries. The biggest of these is in England, which has over 25 000 people attend. It lasts 5 days and there are 3 weeks than can be attended. It is aimed at young people (12-28), though is enjoyed by people of all ages.  read more...Featured media Soul Survivor Wiki Big Top  The Big Top is the location of all the  main services, as well as some seminars and late night worship.Uses  The Big Top has a few uses. These include:Size  The Big Top is very big. It is one of the biggest tents in Europe, and can hold over 10000 people, as well as a stage, sound equipment and cameras. Because of it's big size, and the amount of people who have to be packed into it, safety is important. There are designated walking aisles, where people are not allowed to sit. Since 2008, conga are not allowed in the Big Top, as an accident occurred in one.The Stage  In the Weeks B and C Big Top, there is a circular stage in the middle. This makes it easer for more people to be closer to the front and be able to see. Before 2008 (and at Week A), there is a normal stage at the front. A circular stage is not needed, as there are/were not as many people there. The stage has the band on it, as well as being the place that speakers stand. The stage is quite big, and can easily fit a large band (over 10 people), as well as a sofa, other people, a drum kit and a large cross.Cameras  The Big Top also has cameras in it. They film what is going on in the Big Top, which is then shown on large screens. During worship, both the band and the congregation are filmed, and shown on the big screen. The big screen will also display the lyrics to the songs during worship. During the notices or talk, the cameras mainly focus on the speaker(s).God TV  During one of the Weeks (usually B), as well as being shown on the screens, what is filmed is later broadcast on the channel God TV. There is an area that is not filmed for those who can be camera-shy, and ministry is never filmed.Soul Survivor Wiki Dreggs  Dreggs is probably the liveliest of the venues. It has the Dreggs Arcade, The Dreggs Salon, and a drinks and sweets bar. It is also home to many games, as well as lots of television shows.Dreggs Arcade  The Dreggs Arcade has many games consoles to play on. The most popular are the Mario Kart games, which are available to play on the Nintendo Game Cube and N64. There are also a few Dance Mats, which are popular among some people. The Dreggs Arcade has lots of retro consoles, including Nintendo 64s, SNESs and older. As of 2008, there are also 2 pool tables that are free to be used by anyone.Dreggs Salon  Dreggs salon offers various treatments, all for no charge. Treatments vary slightly each year, but usually include manicures, pedicures, hair extensions and henna tattoos. There is also a chilled out area where people can plug in their hair straighteners, paint their nails and read magazines.Games  Dreggs is often host to many different games in the night. There are a wide variety of things, but they are often based on television game shows. For example, the Dreggs Factor is based on the X Factor, and contestants have to sing. There are often Dreggs staff acting as characters from the game shows (for example, Simon Cowel or Noel Edmonds). The games are never taken seriously, and are always just for fun.Evening Entertainment  Dreggs gets its crazy reputation from the evening entertainment. Highlights include:Television Shows  Dreggs often shows popular television shows on the projector. Shows include The Simpsons, Friends and The Fresh Prince. The Cafe also shows films in the afternoon (though rarely high than a 12 rating).Soul Survivor Wiki Worship  Worship is an important part of Soul Survivor. Therefore, there is an hour of worship at the beginning of every main meeting, as well as a late night worship from 10-12 for those who want to worship more.The worship is all contemporary music, played by a band.Bands  Every worship session, there is a band, made up of different musicians. There is always a guitarist, drummer and singer, but there are also often many other musicians playing. They can range from a string quartet to a choir to a beatboxer!Popular Songs  There are many popular songs sung during worship. These include:Soul Survivor Album  Each year, Soul Survivor releases an album. This contains the most popular new songs from that year. The current albums out are:Soul Survivor Wiki Soul Survivor  Soul Survivor is a massive Christian event held yearly in many countries. The biggest of these is in England, which has over 25 000 people attend. It lasts 5 days and there are 3 weeks than can be attended. It is aimed at young people (12-20), though is enjoyed by people of all ages.Main Services  Main Article: Main Services There is a main service held every morning (usually 11am) and evening (usually 7pm). The services usually work in the following order: The service is held in the 'Big Top', which is a massive tent that can hold over 10 000 people, as well as a stage, cameras and sound equipment.Venues  Main article: Venues Soul Survivor has many different venues, all of which are suited to different things. For example, there are lots of activities and games in Dreggs, live music at the Bandstand and resources at the Marketplace. Venues are open after the main meetings have finished. There is also a food court, in which people can buy food from different food vans.Seminars  Main article: Seminars Soul Survivor also has a very wide range of seminars. They cover a range of topics to do with Christianity, the Bible and Jesus. There are different categories of seminars to go to. Soul Survivor has many different speakers, including Tre Sheppard, Andrew Croft and J John, as well as many more who all give amazing seminars.Soul Survivor Wiki Mr Boogies  Mr Boogies is a disco! Lots of 70s, 80s and 90s music is played, which everyone dances to! There are many popular songs that are played, as well as a refreshments bar.Loaction  Since 2007, Mr Boogies has been located in a cattle barn, close to the Big Top. During 2006 it was housed over 2 floors in another of the buildings on site. Pre 2006 it took place in a tent!Popular Songs  There are some very popular songs that are played at Mr Boogies. Some of these include: girls aloud, just a whole load of great songs for everyoneSoul Survivor Wiki AOK  AOK Stands for Act of Kindness. It was first introduced by Soul Survivor in 2006 and is run by Soul Action. The idea is that anyone will just do a random act of kindness to other people. This can be a little thing (such as buying someone a drink) to a big thing (such as walking someone's dog). The point of doing an AOK is simply to be nice people and show the love of Jesus (though it is not reccomended you say anything about Him unless asked).At Soul Survivor  At Soul Survivor, everyone is encouraged to do an AOK. There is a lot of talk about AOK, and on the big screens, and AOK of the day is shown, giving people an idea of an AOK for that day. The AOK of the days are usually relevant for that day. For example, on the last day, it might be Be nice to the person driving you home. Lot's of AOKs happen at Soul Survivor, probably because most of the people there are Christian. People usually feel more comfortable doing an AOK to another Christian, as the person they are doing it to will often be grateful. Sometimes, when doing an AOK to members of the public, their reaction is not always good (they may ask why, or just decline).AOK Day  The official AOK day is a Friday. This is the time that the Soul Action website encourages people to do an AOK to someone. Friday is not the only day an AOK can be done - Soul Action encourages people to do it as often as they can, but one day is chosen (Friday) to make it easier to do. An AOK of the week is always posted on the website for people to do, some examples of past ones are:Soul Survivor Wiki Venues  There are many venues at Soul Survivor, which are all differant.Soul Survivor Wiki Soul Action  Soul Action is a charity run by Soul Survivor and Tearfund. It does lots to help people all over the world.Slum Survivor  Main article: Slum Survivor Slum Survivor started in 2007. It is designed to raise awareness and money for people living in slums by spending a day the way a billion spend a lifetime. In the Soul Survivor camp, a few people volunteer to take part in Slum Survivor. They get sponsored and have to live in a slum on site, instead of a tent. They also have to eat similar food, wear similar clothes and go through similar challenges. There are two aims to this: raising money to help those living in slums and to raise awareness of the 1 billion people who live in slums in the world today. The people taking part in the challenge at Soul Survivor sometimes come up to the front of the  big top to tell of their experience.In the Community  As well as at the Soul Survivor camp, many people take part in Slum Survivor across the country. Usually a church or school group will join together to do it. A pack can be ordered from the Soul Action website, with all the information about it. The group will then spend a few days (usually a weekend) living as if they were in a Slum.AOK  Main article: AOK In about 2006, AOK was launched. AOK stands for Act of Kindness. The idea is that anyone will just do a random act of kindness to other people. This can be a little thing (such as buying someone a drink) to a big thing (such as walking someone's dog). The point of doing an AOK is simply to be nice people and show the love of Jesus (though it is not reccomended you say anything about Him unless asked). On the Soul Action website, there is a section dedicated to AOKs, which has an AOK of the week, ideas for AOKs and toher people's stories of AOKs, among other things.Website  Soul Action have their own website within the Soul Survivor website, which has lots of information on any upcoming events, or as a place of reference for any of the work it does.Soul Survivor Wiki Main Services  The main service is one of the most important parts of Soul Survivor. There are 2 every day, a morning one (starting from 11am) and an evening one (starting from 7pm). The service consists of worship, a talk and ministry, in that order.Worship  Main article: Worship Worship at Soul Survivor is made of of contemporary music about worshipping and loving Jesus. It takes up the first hour of a main meeting. It is always led by a band. After the worship has finished, the person leading the service (often Mike Pilivachi) will get everyone to be quiet, and will usually pray.The Talk  After worship, there is a talk. This is by one of the leaders at Soul Survivor. It is usually relevant to a young peron's life, and is aimed at young people. The speaker always tries to make it as interesting as possible, possibly by adding humour or real life stories. Each speaker has different ways of speaking.Ministry  After the talk, ministry (prayer time) starts. This will often start off as people waiting on the Holy Spirit, to see if He will do anything. Sospeaking in tongues). The relevant people will often be asked to come forward to be prayed for.Soul Survivor Wiki Theboy1001 Welcome!  Hi Theboy1001 -- we are excited to have Soul Survivor Wiki as part of the Wikia community! Thanks for joining us, and we'd like to give you some tips to help you get started on making your wiki great.Your first four steps:  1. Create your User Page - this is a great place to introduce yourself (and practice wiki-editing!)  2. Add a logo - learn how to create a logo image, then click here to add it to the wiki. 3. Create your first 10 articles - use the box on the right to create ten pages, starting each one off with a few sentences. For example if you are starting a wiki on a TV show, you might create an article for each main character and for each episode of the show. 4. Edit your Main Page - add internal links to the ten articles you just created, and any other improvements you can think of. Once you've done these four things, you've created a great starting point -- your wiki looks friendly and ready for visitors. You can then invite some friends to help you create the next twenty pages, and expand the ones you've built. Keep going! The more pages you create and link to each other, the sooner that others who are searching for \"Soul Survivor Wiki\" will be able find your project in search engines, read your content and join you in editing. If you have more questions, we've provided a full set of help pages, or you can email us through our contact form. Don't forget to check out other wikis on Wikia for ideas on layout, organizing your pages, and more. Have fun! Best wishes, Catherine MunroSoul Survivor Wiki Templates  There are many templates in use in Soul Survivor Wiki; these are only a subset, representing some of the most important and commonly used ones. If you feel that a template belongs on this page, do not hesitate to add it.What are templates?  Wiki templates provide a means to insert the same content over and over in different (or the same) pages. This saves editors the hassle of duplicating the same text again and again, and also helps ensure consistency. Templates are generally shown with the format required to use the template (e.g. ). Clicking the template name takes you to the template's page, where you can see what it looks like and how it is used. Detailed instructions on the usage of each template should exist on: For more information on templates, see Help:Templates.Article management templates Nominate an article for deletion  {{delete}} {{speedydelete|}}Disambiguation articles  {{disambig}}Stubs  {{stub}}Category templates General category template  {{category}}Template category template  {{templatecategory}}General wiki templates Clear  {{clr}}, plus {{clrl}} and {{clrr}}For  {{for||}}Main article  {{main|}}Right-aligned Table of Contents  {{tocright}}Sandbox  {{sandbox}}T is for template  {{t|}}Welcome  {{welcIP}} and {{welcome}}Wikipedia  {{wikipedia}}, {{wikipedia-deleted}}Soul Survivor Wiki Slum Survivor.jpg Licensing:  Template:None selectedSoul Survivor Wiki Welcome Soul Survivor Wiki Soul Action  Soul ActionSoul Survivor Wiki Stub Soul Survivor Wiki Templates  This is the base category for templates. Templates should be placed in appropriate subcategories. See Project:Templates for collated information on templates.Soul Survivor Wiki Index  Welcome to the Soul Survivor Wiki forum! This forum can be used by members of this community to discuss topics related to their wiki. Some communities prefer to use the Community Portal instead for wiki discussions; it's up to you.Soul Survivor Wiki Venues  Venues:Soul Survivor Wiki Theboy1001  Hi! I'm Theboy1001 and am the founder of this Wikia. I created it on 12th January 2009. I am a Christian and go to Soul Survivor every year - I love it! I love Jesus and want to live for him! I go to a Vineyard Church in England, and really enjoy that. If you have any problems, contact me on my  talk page.Soul Survivor Wiki Big Top.png Licensing:  Template:None selectedSoul Survivor Wiki Bigcat Soul Survivor Wiki Feature.png Soul Survivor Wiki General wiki templates  General wiki templates. Templates in this category will likely have a description on the templates project page. If not, they probably deserve one.Using this category  To put a template in Category:General wiki templates:Soul Survivor Wiki Category templates  Templates used on category pages.Using this category  To put a template in Category:Category templates:Community Central Licensing Community Central Big wikis Community Central Hubs  Home pageCommunity Central FANDOM Staff Blog Community Central Cartoons and Comics Community Central Adoption requests Community Central About Community Central Index Community Central Sci-Fi Featured Wikis  Tardis: A wiki about Doctor Who and its many spinoffs, including Torchwood and The Sarah Jane Adventures. Traveller: The definitive online \"Ship's Library\" for the Traveller universe. Marvel Database Project: The largest Marvel Comics reference in existence. DC Database: An encyclopedia about everything related to the DC Universe. Transformers: Robots in disguise! This wiki might turn into a battletank when you're not looking. Stargate: Stargate Command has all the intel for fans of SG-1, Atlantis, Universe, and Infinity. X-Files: The truth is out there! This wiki has the files on the series, movies, and spinoffs. Creative Wikis: The Creative Hub includes many wikis where you can create your own sci-fi contentClassic Series Star Wars  Wookieepedia: The Force is with this ultimate guide to the Star Wars universe. Star Wars Fanon: Want to create your own galaxy far, far away? Visit this fanon wiki. Star Wars Exodus: A community about the long-running Star Wars Exodus role-playing game.Star Trek  Memory Alpha: A wiki which boldly goes where no wiki has gone before. Memory Beta: Novels, comics and cartoons -- Memory Beta covers all the non-canon Trek. If your favorite scifi doesn't have a wiki yet, you can create one!Community Central Terms of use Community Central Toys Community Central Sports Community Central Sannse  Please add new messages to the bottom, thanks\u00a0:) -- sannse (talk)Atheism Wiki  The main page of Atheism Wiki is a bit dull, I'm planning to work on that wiki quite a bit. I wonder if your art team could help improve the main page. Ideally I'd like something that won't look uncool but won't put intellectuals off either. Proxima Centauri 16:00, November 25, 2011 (UTC)Liberapedia  A user is keen to get material he wrote deleted and I don't know how to, see:- Can you please see that everything the user wants deleted gets deleted. Proxima Centauri 16:22, November 25, 2011 (UTC))Admin  hello i was previously a admin on the big time rush wikia i retired for a hour but then i wanted my admin power back and brandon rhea still hasn't gotten back to me so i was wondering if you could give me my admin and beuracrat power back please respond asap Poky7774 14:03, November 26, 2011 (UTC)Admin  oh and here is the link http://bigtimerush.wikia.com/ Poky7774 17:33, November 26, 2011 (UTC)HEY!!!!  i left a huge inpor-ent massage on your page the number was 38 tittled BAKUTECH read it thanks en stuff MASTER SPECTRA 14:04, November 27, 2011 (UTC)MASTERSPECTRAMASTER SPECTRA 14:04, November 27, 2011 (UTC)HBH  Hello, I'm Windsword7, a bureaucrat at the Hogwarts Roleplay Wiki and a rollback at the Camp Half-Blood Roleplay Wiki. I need to talk to you urgently about actions commited by the user Head.Boy.Hog. Chat is preferrable but communication through messages is fine as well. I live in the PST time zone and any time from 4:00 until midnight is fine to contact me or chat. Thanks in advance, Windsword7Sword of HogwartsWordmark  i need help on wordmarker zen shadow 16:17, November 29, 2011 (UTC)Request for Wiki Deletion  Hi, I want to know if this wiki can be deleted. The person who it was based off of doesn't want it up anymore. http://rynen.wikia.com/ LIGHTSfan\u10e6Art is Dead 01:55, November 30, 2011 (UTC)Avatar  I see you have rejoined the good side. Good to have you back.--GodPray\u00a0\u00a005:24,11/30/2011\u00a0Wrong number of pages and wrong number of images  Sannse, I notice that Indonesian Folktales Wiki displays the wrong number of pages and images. How can there be -2 images? It should be about 33 pages and 11 images by now. This looks bad to display. I have tried the contact form but to no avail. Could you check please and tell me what have I done wrong? Thanks. -- Guusebumps 06:17, November 30, 2011 (UTC)Image's problem Italian uncy  Hi Sannse, can I ask you 2 minutes to read this?\u00a0;-) Thanks! --Nonciclpediologo 21:49, November 30, 2011 (UTC)Please  Can you Please let me be a VSTF,Wikia Helper,and Checkuser beacause i want to check it if its a sockpuppet AwesomeSponge 21:14, December 1, 2011 (UTC)AwesomeSpongeContact  Hey, I contacted wiki a couple days ago through the special page, about the inappropriate wiki, and you suggested I contact their parents if I was worried. I was wondering if you had any ideas on how I would contact their parents.\u00a0:) DrewlzooWe are the walrus  youtube.com/watch?v=C4_hbYjimAQ 174.7.82.244 02:58, December 2, 2011 (UTC)Please  {C Sannse Can you please invite me to VSTF and can you pleasr let me have checkuser rights AwesomeSponge 17:55, December 3, 2011 (UTC)AwesomeSpongeIRC Cloak  I am leaving you this message to confirm that I'm logged in as RoseGui on IRC, and that I wish a wikia cloak. Thanks, sannse! ^_^ --RoseGui  23:53, December 3, 2011 (UTC)Catching up  Time to tidy\u00a0:) Sorry for any slow or missed replies, and thanks as always to those who help out -- sannse  22:47, December 4, 2011 (UTC)User Name  Hello I would like to change my User Name and I heard I must get permision from staff. So may I change my Name?Prince23:26, December 4, 2011 (UTC)Holding a giveaway at the Elder Scrolls Wiki  Hey Sannse! I'm Zluhcs, an admin over at the Elder Scrolls Wiki. A couple of weeks ago I bought this videogame called \"Orcs Must Die!\" on Steam, which is a pretty cool game. I was intending to purchase it as a gift for a friend of mine, but accidentally bought two copies of the game. So, since I was stuck with one extra copy, I thought it would be awesome to have a \"Giveaway\"-contest on the Elder Scrolls wiki (where I edit), and the winner would receive that extra copy from me. I haven't seen such Giveaways at the Elder Scrolls wiki before, so I thought it would be pretty cool to have one for the first time! My question is if I am allowed to give away that game. I do not wish to break any copyright-- or any other laws, so I therefore wanted to ask you first\u00a0:) I have seen such Giveaways at the Fallout Wikia and Call of Duty Wikia, as well as on many other wikias. I was thinking of asking the community a simple question in order to have a chance of winning, such as \"Who is your favorite NPC in Skyrim?\", or something of that calibre, and then I and presumably the other admins of the Elder Scrolls wiki would present a winner. I am sure I'd be given the approval by the Elder Scrolls Wiki Bureaucrat to have a contest there, so that's not an issue-- I just want to make sure it is legal. Since the game is bought through Steam, I believe one must have a Steam account and \"activate/register\" the game to your Steam account in order to download and play the game. Hope you can give a fast reply, so that I hopefully can host the giveaway asap\u00a0:) If you don't know the answer, I would very much appreciate if you could direct me the right way! Thanks in advance! Zluhcs\u00a0\u00a0talk page\u00a0\u00a0my edits\u00a0\u00a0Elder Scrolls Wiki-chatTacticalWiki  I know some basic functions (like how to delete pages and stuff like that), but how do I set a certain theme to be default for all users on my wiki? --Gamma287 05:18, December 7, 2011 (UTC)Re: Email  Nope, I didn't get the e-mail. Did you by chance send it using the emailuser special page? Even though I should have a confirmed e-mail address for some reason I haven't been recieving ANY e-mails sent from Wikia's setup. So I don't even get talkpage notifications until the blue moon I decide to login for some reason other than getting a notification e-mail. You can juse use wiki@danielfriesen.name or whatever. ~ Daniel Friesen  17:16, December 7, 2011 (UTC)Block  Can you please permanently block this user - 96.35.11.159 on Charmed Legacy wikia? They constantly write harassing inappropriate comments. Thanks!HalliwellManorAkaDsc385 23:02, December 7, 2011 (UTC)Link share  what is link share{{subst:Zen shadow}} 00:13, December 8, 2011 (UTC)Testing  I am not an admin at any wiki, however at some of the wikis I visit I have a greater understanding of the code and potential fixes. This includes CSS and other system messages. Basically, I don't think this would be possible, but if I could have my own wiki hidden from public where I had admin rights just for personal testing, that'd be cool. Another resolve would be to give me admin rights on one of the wikis I was a bcrat on under my previous account. My previous account was ILHI, and I was bcrat at the Top Trumps Wiki and the TimeSplitters Wiki. Testing on a public wiki doesn't sound like a good idea, but all gets reverted at the end of the day, and causes less disruption than the testing done by users who have less of a clue than me on a wiki that is actually active. If you want evidence that my old account is actually me, the email should be \"jonnybedford@hotmail.com\". Either that or that's the current one I use at this account. I'm not even sure what email I use for that account. Ah, but my email address was added to his userpage by him. That kinda proves it. Anyway, so what can you do? JBed 00:44, December 8, 2011 (UTC) Oh wow, I thought personal wikis weren't allowed. Thanks.\u00a0:) JBed 12:57, December 8, 2011 (UTC)Back again...  I can't get the whole {{subst:nosubst|SIGNATURE}} thing to work on that wiki I kept yammering on about. Is it a missing script? It doesn't work on Conservapedia, either. --Gamma287 22:02, December 9, 2011 (UTC)Adopting a channel on IRC  Would you mind making me the channel op of Wikia-lmb\u00a0? It is an abandoned channel, originally owned by Bobafett2, who seems to have forgotten about it. I am an admin on the corresponding wiki, the LEGO Message Boards Wiki, http://www.legomessageboards.wikia.com and the two Bureaucrats, Drew1200 and Legobatmankid10, don't even know what IRC is...so please get back to me about this. I probbably won't be checking your talk page, so is it too much work to go to my talk page? http://www.legomessageboards.wikia.com/User%20Talk:BusyCityGuy? Thanks\u00a0:) -BusyCityGuyClose Account  Hey, Sannse!\u00a0:) Do you think you could close my old account User:Just Ice1? I'm now CookieRaider12. thanks\u00a0:) CookieRaider12 06:51, December 11, 2011 (UTC)Answers wiki integration  Sannse, This became an issue at Final Fantasy Wiki where someone from outside our community created an Answers wiki without our knowledge. Our issue is now solved, but the fact of the matter is we as a community were completely in the dark for  about the existence of the outside site and the subsequent indirect vandalism of our own, which has led to a lot of drama as other users have questioned why we've had the box removed just now as someone has finally gotten control of the thing, which had been abandoned for quite some time. This is simply a mess for us which could have been dealt with much faster and painlessly if the Answers box had shown up for logged in users. I use Oasis exclusively and am the resident coding admin of the site. I didn't know about this until mere days ago when I found a thread chewing us out for letting the vandalism occur on \"our\" site. For the sake of other wikis, if this system is going to continue, logged in users should be able to see the addition to their site so they don't have to deal with the nightmare that my site is now dealing with between the public, our users, the new admins of the Answers wiki, and their users. Sincerely, BluestarultorFlagging users as bots  As I fix links on occasions sometimes I am forced to edit forum pages. But I don't like to do this since it bumps topics dead for years to the top. Same thing goes for alerting users of new messages when there isn't any new messages, I've just fixed something. I set up a new account, Okayybot, in the hope I could test to see if it worked, but I then discovered I can't set the user as a bot. Is it possible to have a user flagged as a bot? If so, does a user flagged as a bot work any different to a normal user other than being \"under the radar\"? And would a user have to be flagged as a bot on each wiki individually? If the answer to the first and third question is yes, could you set the aforementioned user as a bot on jbed.wikia? JBed 01:17, December 15, 2011 (UTC)Please Erase This Wiki  Hey Sannse. I was hoping this wikia could be deactivated: http://thechyler.wikia.com/?redirect=no Thank you!\u00a0:) ~Cheyenne\u266cI love you\u2665 04:29, December 18, 2011 (UTC)Staff  Hallo, This user http://dragonball.wikia.com/wiki/User:Wallaceheros would like to be a wikia staff. And thats all. Total carnage 00:10, December 19, 2011 (UTC)Administrator  hello im Obi wan masterexxx10 from star wars battlefront wikia I was here because I just want to be an Admin/bureaucrat because I need to protect my wiki incase if a user is vandalizing my wiki so can you pleas make me as an Admin/bureaucrat on my wiki Obi wan masterexxx10 01:18, December 21, 2011 (UTC)Wikia Helper  Hi Sannse, I was wondering if there was a way to ask about becoming a helper? I already help out on small Wikis which have just started but most of the new admins want help with a picture wordmark, background ect., for example the Super Gaming Wiki, which I did the background, wordmark and homepage for. I also have a lot of experience with HTML and MediaWiki (which I have installed on my PC on a local server to practice coding with) which means I can help with pages and fixes on other Wikis, such as the Star Wars Battlefront Wiki's templates which I fixed the code for. If you want to move this to somewhere else, please do. Thanks, Sam2011 (Talk) 10:57, December 23, 2011 (UTC)Rex discussion  Hi Sannse! Matteo's writing a message in our Forum:Rex discussion and you isn't answer! Please, answer! --Jeorge, 23-12-2011; 12:38 (UTC +1)User  Hi, I just thought I should bring something to your attention. User:Weapons, Physics and Maths G33K requested adminship on the Infinity Blade Wiki. He has only just joined Wikia and his profile says he is 12 years old. Sam2011 (Talk) 16:40, December 24, 2011 (UTC)I Don't Get It....  I don't understand where i can change the colours on a template, can you tell me how if you know????Rex discussion  Hello Sannse! How are you? Please, write in Forum:Rex discussion. Squadra Speciale Cobra has writing in discussion to the redirect! Jeorge, 12:28, 26 dicembre 2011Account.  Hello, Sannse, I hope you're having a good time in England.\u00a0:D I hate to bother you, but I was wondering if you could block my account, Nessiie Cullen. I would like to use this account for my main account. Thank you! Amanderp  23:23, December 29, 2011 (UTC) 21:54, December 30, 2011 (UTC)Emergency!  There is a vandal on the Total Drama Wiki called Tom Shelly! He's replacing more and more pages of racist info! Please block him! Sunsummer7 - Legendary Sun RANDOM HEAT EVERYWHERE!!! 11:30, December 30, 2011 (UTC)Help Us!!  Theres a 11 yo on Phineas and ferb wikia chat. Name of 11 yo:Bunniez6729 VManJustice 18:40, December 30, 2011 (UTC)MAH BOI!Lucky Edits  What are they?Harassing user  I have also been the target of a German Antisemetic hate campaign because of Philosemetic and Russo-Germanic symbolism I included in the background for Warhammer 40,000 army I wrote. Sascha Kreiger, Imperator des Sturmkrieg Sektor (Kaisar) 18:52, December 31, 2011 (UTC)Editing issues  Whenever I try to edit a layout, like to add a picture it says my curser is in an exisiting element but I can't get the cursor out. How do I fix this? This has happened on two of my wikis. Please help. DDfan80 16:04, December 31, 2011 (UTC)DDfan80Underage user  Hello Sannse! This user- [removed] is too young to be using wikia (she's 20) and would you please take action against her? Thanks! [removed]Harassment and libel by a Wikia user  I think you should see this recent attack here. This is a recent attack by a Neo Nazi who started a trolling/hate campaign against a website I run because, in his words, my website contains \"Jews and Communists.\" The most recent post (by the user mentioned here) is at the bottom.Nonciclopedia's image violation  Hello Sannse, Happy New Year!\u00a0;-) Nothing new about this picture? --Nonciclpediologo 16:50, January 3, 2012 (UTC)please  why did you closed the great murkekow wiki?,what have we done?,just tell me --megaspongekang123 20:35, January 3, 2012 (UTC)Half-Blood admin rights  Hey, Sannse! I am BullyFan112. I am often contributing on Camp Half-Blood wikia and believe I need more rights. Rights as in Admin rights. Is it possible if the staff bumps me up? Please get back to me on my camp half-blood wikia page. Thank you! Bye! BullyFan112~Don't know, don't care, but it felt great.. 23:11, January 3, 2012 (UTC)BullyFan112Wikia selling Wiki info?  A seller by the name of \"Wikia\" is selling paperbacks of many Wikis' information, organized in categories and with generic covers. If this is you (Wikia itself, not just you), WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS? If it is not you, shut these people down! They are illegally making money off of our (the Wiki community's) information. User:Dk64rules 19:29, January 4, 2012 (UTC) Direct Link: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=ntt_athr_dp_sr_1?_encoding=UTF8&sort=relevancerank&search-alias=books&ie=UTF8&field-author=Source%3A%20Wikia#/ref=sr_pg_1?rh=n%3A283155%2Cp_27%3ASource%3A+Wikia&sort=relevancerank&ie=UTF8&qid=1325692965 Because the wikia is licensed by CC-BY-SA, its perfectly legal. Caoil 20:13, January 4, 2012 (UTC) Dk64rules: the source is listed as Wikia (as in, the pages were copied from here) but we are not involved in this in any way. This is an unrelated company that are using content under the Creative Commons license. The first (very long) discussion about this was at Forum:Amazon.com -- sannse  18:54, January 5, 2012 (UTC)KOTH wiki  Hi there, my name is TwoBearsHigh-Fiving. I had a question regarding the King of the Hill wiki, it has been left desolate, no predominate admin, (Or even named user for that matter) and is quite messy, filled with red links. I love King of the Hill dearly, and would desire to have a nice wiki. I was wondering if it all possible I could have admin priviledges on that site so as to help it. As for my credentials, I am a moderator on Fallout Wikipedia, you can check me out on there. If not I understand, thank you for your time:)TwoBearsHigh-Fiving 07:57, January 5, 2012 (UTC)Nudity image  Is it appropriate posting nudity image on the page? - SPYFORC 18:47, January 6, 2012 (UTC)Advice for Create-Your-Own Wiki  Hey Sannse! I need advice: How can I get my wiki's name known quickly? I started this site on my own, which may have been a mistake. What should I do?Blocking unregistered users from editing  We admins over at Wiksteria Lane have decided that we don't want unregistered users to be able to edit/comment on pages anymore. There are a few reasons why, one they just constantly upload spoilers which we don't want over on that wiki, also we're constantly under attack from vandals and spammers, so having to make them create an account will deter them because it takes time. It would be better for the community over there if you respected our wishes and banned them\u00a0:) Please respond - Julietfan2626KOTH  (Just in case you didn't see my post on the Koth wiki.) Hey there Sannse! I've just adopted this wiki, and am looking to recruit new users to spruce this place up a bit. Before I find some users, I was wondering if you could help and or set up these things for me: Well, that's all I can think of for now, I appreciate any help you can give:) -TwoBearsHigh-Fiving I've answered you both on your wikis\u00a0:) -- sannse  19:08, January 11, 2012 (UTC)Phineas and Ferb Deletion Requests  can you delete [1] and [2] then protect the 2 wikis so only the VSTF, Helpers and Staff can create them. They are duplciates of wikis that \"run by itself\"? IanPlaystationNerd 19:10, January 11, 2012 (UTC)Excuse me  Just who do you think you are globally blocking people without discussion, I hope you realize the good people you block have friends who support them, you mean lady W.S.G.B.P.F.N.R.\u00a0: Jen and I have responded on the forum. Of course, we don't block without reason, but Rappy is right - this is not something that should be discussed here. -- sannse  19:39, January 13, 2012 (UTC)Reverting vandalism when there's two vandals  Hi, I attended the Webinar on handling conflict earlier today and one of my questions was left unanswered (probably cause I submitted it last minute). My question was, if a page was vandalised by two different vandals, how can I fix it? I can't use \"undo\" because of edit conflicts, nor \"rollback\" because it only reverts latest vandal's edits without reverting the first's. This has happened and I could only revert the vandalism manually by editing the whole page. --Immunizations 00:03, January 14, 2012 (UTC)Wikia background  Excuse me, do you happen to know what the dimensions for a background of a Wikia page should be, or direct me to someone who does know? I'm attempting to fit an image on the background of a Wiki but part of the image keeps being cut out or empty space is left. Yes-Man 01:53, January 17, 2012 (UTC)Deleting my code to protest SOPA  It is amazing that you are always on the wrong side of every issue, especially when we all are against SOPA. Wikiasmikia 04:13, January 18, 2012 (UTC)Are you on?  Hey, if you're on right now, then can you get on chat here? Everyone's really upset about SOPA, and no one's done anything bad yet, but they just make me nervous.\u00a0:S It'd just be good to have a mod on (because there's none right now). Thanks\u00a0:) Drewlzoo We've been in and out as much as possible\u00a0:) and will keep checking in. It looks like people are generally being great about helping eachother understand what's going on -- sannse  05:38, January 19, 2012 (UTC)Message  oh hello there im new here so is this wiki for staff only?Minor Template Help  Hello, Sannse, I need to ask for help about a simple template. What it is supposed to do, is show the username of any user seeing the template. Here is a link to the template on one wiki.Now, intending to use the template for my new planned signature, I decided to create it on another wiki I'm active on. I copied the template code, but on other wikis, it doesn't work. The only thing it does is say \"<insert name here>\" Can you please tell me how to create a functional template that does the same thing or how to fix the code I already have? Thanks in advance, What's a Plot? 19:18, January 19, 2012 (UTC)Rouge bureaucrat at the World War II Wiki  Hello, we're having a problem with a user (User:JAF1999) at the World War II Wiki who was made a bureaucrat recently (so we can't desysop him) who has been harassing users on other wikis, harassing them when they come to our wiki to file complaints, and blocking them when they protest against his actions. We already had one of our bureaucrats request that he dysysop himself, and he refused. I recently had a user at the Fallout Wiki threaten to report us if we do not take action. Please remove his bureaucrat privileges. I hope the comment from the other sysop is enough of a consensus. This was dealt with on the wiki. Everyone, please remember that urgent problems will get much quicker attention if you use the contact form. I don't always get to this page quickly! Thanks -- sannse  08:49, January 23, 2012 (UTC)Fragile: Handle with care.  I am here leaving you a message over the events going on at the WWII wiki. (Problem was originally stated in the message above mine by this user. Sascha) Originally, the user Jaf1999 came to Nukapedia with a proposition of a mutually beneficial relationship to help bring in more viewers for both sides. This was perfectly fine at first until he decided to go into chat and began insulting everyone that was currently in there. There happened to be an Admin in there at the time (Scar) who proceeded to block him with the message that we weren't interested in his proposition anymore because of his behaviour. He then proceeded to insult us more on his talk-page and then went to blocking all of our accounts on the WWII wiki that he is a part of. He then started deleting all information that could be used against him and even blocked a fellow leader of that wiki. (Sascha) We managed to get into touch with Sascha, who was aware of the events going on and she was kind enough to unblock most of us. She told us about how we aren't the only wiki he has vandalized lately and that he was to be taking care of with swift retribution. I was fine with letting them handle the situation themselves at first, but it has become clear to me that they are not willing to handle this incident with the professionalism and seriousness needed. To clarify, here is a message from her talk-page on Nukapedia: \"I was initially sympathetic before I saw the extent to which he went around vandalizing other wikis and harassing people. At my current position, I would not recommend ever making him an admin again. I am taking this very seriously. I just made a report at the Community Wiki to remove his bureaucrat status. I will also discuss blocking him with the other WWII admins once he has been desysoped.\" You can find this comment here. She then  had this to say back at her own wiki: \"I actually had to tell some of the people today that he wouldn't be admin again in order to stop them from reporting us. In a few months time, it might be good to reevaluate and consider him.\" which you can find here. Anyways, I just felt that I should bring this information to your attention. Sorry to take up so much of your time with such an inane issue. Thank you for reading and I hope to hear back from you soon.  Sk\u00e5l! 06:59, January 21, 2012 (UTC) I am extremely sorry and also very \"lets beat myself up\" so much I have been reduced to tears. But, you have to let me off with a warning, I have severe ADHD and Tourrettes' syndromes. I know and I am ashamed, but I didn't know at the time. Also, recently, my family has been in woe. Please let me off with a warning, I shall NEVER EVER do it again, one pill can make a load of difference. It was unintentional. I am sorry, but if you dispute this it would be against the DDA (disability discrimination act) which protects ALL UK citezens. Please reply on my talk.\" ~Jaf1999 Sk\u00e5l! 07:22, January 21, 2012 (UTC) My thoughts on this: As someone who has learning disabilities, I find this comment by him to be extremely offensive. That and his quasi libelous remarks that me and other people have violated the law by not wanting him to be admin.Admins a bureaucrats on the World War II wiki before JAF started his takeover  Please restore userrights to the following, thanks. This would be greatly appreciated. Bureaucrats AdminsIf you have the time  Hello Sansse! I have recently taken it upon myself to start a satirical news digest on my home wiki. [2] I was just wondering if there might be a chance to have a certain YT extension reinstated so I can have background music playing. {{YoutubePlayer\n|Top = 1px\n|PlaylistURL = v/avhwGvdBvlI\n|Autoplay = 1}} I hope to hear from you soon and I appreciate your time!  Sk\u00e5l! 03:37, January 23, 2012 (UTC)More Urgent Than Anything Else  Hello Sannse. Something weird has happened to the Dragon Ball Fanon. As it seems, no new users are getting their talk page messages. This has been happening for about a month now (not actually sure on the exact date) and it has not resolved itself. I have never seem something like this happen before, so I don't know what to do. -KidVegetaSWTOR Mass Vandalism  SWTOR wiki over the past 12 hours haS suffered a huge vandalism attack. I have blocked almost 40 people for vandalism. Those people that I had blocked had done from a few vandalizing edits to well over 200. I was wondering if it is at all possible to do a mass rollback to about 00:00 UTC as that was before the vandalism started. If not, can Wikia help to undo the massive amount of vandalism that was done. Scimatt16 14:29, January 24, 2012 (UTC)Witch Hunter Robin Wikia  Hey! I left you a messange on Witch Hunter Robin Wikia about Admins. Like what does it mean, how does one become something like that and so on. As I am the only person updating the whole wiki, I am interested of it. Thanks\u00a0:) Tammiruusu 23:22, January 24, 2012 (UTC)Hey! Sorry to Bother!  I left you a messange on Witch Hunter Robin Wikia about Admins. Like what does it mean, how does one become something like that and so on. As I am the only person updating the whole wiki, I am interested of it. And since you were the one who founded it I take\u00a0:) Thanks\u00a0:) Tammiruusu 23:22, January 24, 2012 (UTC)Regarding the TOR Wiki  Why can't I do there edits at moment? I am for more that a year there admin and have become bureaucrat there recently, but somehow I can't edit there anything (and I am not alone on this, seems like it happens to other long time users as well)? - Drudenfusz 09:14, January 25, 2012 (UTC)Community Central Contact us Community Central Community Development Team/Requests Request  We'd love to help attract new contributors to your community. If you're interested in working with us to make your community look better, we want to be sure you're following a set of best practices. For design help (background, logo, home page, etc.) or technical help (infoboxes, other templates, or various technical issues), your community must follow these best practices: The Community Development Team will make all final decisions and design work will be at their discretion. If your community meets these criteria, submit your request here.Community Central Lifestyle Community Central Spotlights  To request a FANDOM Spotlight, post the name of the community with a link and a brief description. Sign your post with ~~~~. Before you post your request, make sure that the community follows the best practices listed here. If you wish to report a problem with an existing spotlight, please report it at Special:Contact. If you have a response, comment, or question for a request which I have already answered, then please let me know on my message wall.Miitopia Fanon Wiki (approved)  Hello! I am applying for a spotlight for Miitopia Fanon Wiki! I would like to get recognised and we are kinda looking for more contributors. Link is here. Sincerely, , Azura or Fanofkinopio 11:38, March 28, 2018 (UTC)Pirates of the Caribbean Extras Wiki  Hello! I'm an active admin for the POTC Extras Wiki. I believe that this community deserves contributors, because it follows the many background characters from the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. I have double-checked all the requirements, and feel this wiki can continue to prosper with a spotlight. Thank you, --Boot Lover  17:13, March 31, 2018 (UTC)Worm Wiki (approved)  Hello, I'm a active administrator of Worm Wikia and I'd like to request two spotlights for the wiki. One this month and another later in the year, December perhaps? --FossilLord (talk) 20:22, April 2, 2018 (UTC) -- Wendy (talk)\u00a0 20:51, May 28, 2018 (UTC)Dreamy Wiki  I would like my wiki made into a spotlight. It is a wiki about posting your dreams. It had just recently achieved 200 pages. The URL is dreamy.wikia.com MemoryAngel (talk) 18:08, April 4, 2018 (UTC)Studio Ghibli Wiki (approved)  I'm a bureaucrat on the studio Ghibli wilki and would like a spotlight to coincide with the release of the community app (soon) \u2014 MechQueste  00:58, April 11, 2018 (UTC)Salt wiki (approved)  Hi, I'm a bureaucrat on the Salt wiki and would like a spotlight to coincide with the official release of the game. Thank you, Wegeee \u250f((\uff1d\uffe3 (\uff74) \uffe3=))\u251b 18:17, April 21, 2018 (UTC)OSD Wiki  Hello, Fandom. I would like to promote my brand new wiki known as OSD Wiki ( http://osd.wikia.com/wiki/OSD_Wiki ) which is about games produced by Osamu Sato. That Loyal Touch (talk) 20:55, April 22, 2018 (UTC)Fulham FC Wiki  Hello I'm Grasshopper88 and I'm requesting a spotlight for my Fulham FC Wiki ([1]). I am so far the sole editor and have already over 1000 pages added over the course of a few years. It would be great to try and get fans of other football clubs to create their own wiki's and spotlighting mine would help that, and also hopefully gain some contributors! Grasshopper88 (talk) 19:39, April 24, 2018 (UTC)Hypothetical Hurricanes Wiki (approved)  Hello, I was wanting to attempt to have the wiki spotlighted again to coincide with the start of hurricane season. Currently we have 83 short pages that are under 300 bytes which is around 1% of all the content pages. We are working hard to categorize uncategorized pages with appropriate category names. Also, if possible I would like this to be in June sometime (preferably early-mid June) and use this file made by one of our users named GaryKJR. Hypercane  14:22, May 1, 2018 (UTC)Yuki Yuna is a Hero Wiki (approved)  Helll, I'd like to add a request for a spotlight for the Yuki Yuna is a Hero Wiki. Thank you for your time! ShutinOtaku 02:12, May 17, 2018 (UTC)Man with a Plan Wiki  Hey, I would like to have my wiki Man with a Plan in the spotlight, Thanks in advance. - Featuredpro (talk) 19:05, June 2, 2018 (UTC)Glitchtale Wikia (approved)  Hello, I'd like to request a spotlight for the Glitchtale Wikia. It doesn't seem to me like there are any critera it doesn't fit. Best regards, Wither 15:29, June 6, 2018 (UTC) Message from MasterSlenderTR: I also want/support this Spotlight request as a Head of Glitchtale Wiki. MasterSlenderTR Ask QuestionUniversal Conquest (approved)  This is a Wikia that id dedicated to pitting two armies from two different universes against one another, we look at their weapons, powers, skills, their stretegies, tactics to find out who would win a battle, These armies from from all forms of entertainment media, verse, anything you like, the battles will be as flexible and as enjoyable as it can be.CNBA3 (talk) 20:25, June 11, 2018 (UTC)Counter-Strike Wiki (approved)  Hi. I am an Admin of the Counter-Strike Wiki the Wiki is having trouble growing so I think requesting for a spotlight will be a way to bring some activity to the Wiki. Please. The wiki is having serious troubles due to everything slowing down to a crawl by the lack of new contributors and old contributors leaving. We need any interest we can get. --Wuzh (talk) 00:41, June 17, 2018 (UTC)Ariana Grande Wiki (approved)  I'm admin on the Ariana Grande Wiki. It currently has 539 pages and I would like a spotlight for the community. The last spotlight for the wiki was in 2016. here is an image for the spotlight. Thanks and have a nice day! Lucas Millonario \u2022 Wall 06:33, June 20, 2018 (UTC) Colton Baumgartner https://www.imdb.com/name/nm7504877/?ref_=nmbio_bio_nm--Bruce888 (talk) 20:19, June 29, 2018 (UTC)Scrooge McDuck Wiki (approved)  Hello, I am an admin for the Scrooge McDuck Wiki. I am applying for a spotlight for the Wiki, as we are looking for more contributors. The link is here:\u00a0https://scrooge-mcduck.wikia.com Thanks! Drleevezan (talk) 22:43, July 12, 2018 (UTC)DrleevezanBig Nate Wiki (approved)  Hi! I am an active admin of the big nate wiki, and I have come to apply after four months of preparation! I think that our community is very good and it deserves for contributors, so I hope a spotlight will help us! https://bignate.wikia.com/wiki/MediaWiki:Welcome-user Sincerely, PET 18:41, July 19, 2018 (UTC)WikiHorses  Hi I want to bring contributors to my wiki, the wiki is too inactive and i'm alone in the wiki, can everyone join thw wiki? Like Swannie said: \"Let's get WikiHorses revived! Please help us by contributing your knowledge of horses!\" Please, help expand the wiki. WikiHorses Einstein8P 21:42, July 20, 2018 (UTC)Detective Conan Wiki  Hello I would to get a like a spotlight for Detective Conan Wiki It currently 1623 pages and but it may not have all the criteria need for spotlight so I would like hear the option of the Staff of Wikia ps I not the Admin of Detective Wiki and under normal circumstances only the Admin of the Wiki can request a Spotlight https://detectiveconan.wikia.com/wiki/Detective_Conan_Wiki Here also a thread of where I discuss with the Admin of the Wiki Ralph Laureno about getting a spotlight I doing this so I could know what else that need to be fulfil If it approved and get a spotlight then I will tell the Admin about it if not then I will tell him what the remaining criteria that needs to be fulfilled https://detectiveconan.wikia.com/wiki/Thread:9378#2 Cdswalkthrough (talk) 13:39, July 26, 2018 (UTC)Spirit Halloween Wiki (approved)  Hello! I would love a spotlight for the Spirit Halloween Wiki. While the wiki only has one page under 300 bytes, there are some minor issues with many articles, mainly around grammar. However, please don't allow this to reverse your decision, as I am working on the articles, and, in fourteen days, 182 of the wiki's articles were verified/fixed up so that they are: known to have/have flawless grammar. (I implore you to look at this page for the best articles the wiki has to offer.) If the wiki spotlight is given the go-ahead, either of these images would be fine, with the preferred being first: https://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/spirit_halloween_logo_8513.jpg http://spirit.scene7.com/is/image/Spirit/SpiritFullColor_URL?$fullsize$ The wiki already documents all known animatronics released by Spirit from 2017 onwards, and is making great progress on previous years! All in all, a spotlight will benefit this wiki so much, especially if it is toward Halloween itself. Thank you for considering! --Boot Lover/Riverdale Chauffeur  03:32, July 30, 2018 (UTC)Jurassic World Alive Wiki  Hello everyone! I'm applying Jurassic World Alive Wiki for spotlight!\u00a0 Since the game begins, we worked hard to make a better wikia for players search for more info about the game. Now we got more automation tools, so it's easiers for searching and updating the info! And more, Ludia (The game's studio) is helping us with this wikia! Link is\u00a0here. Sincerely,\u00a0BrunoMioto (talk) 04:38, August 13, 2018 (UTC)MenuMaps Wiki  Hello, I'm a bureaucrat on the MenuMaps wikia about listing video game menu, logo and map pictures. I am requesting a spotlight for my wikia. Here is the link. https://menumaps.wikia.com/wiki/MenuMaps_Wiki Thank you Mark0994 (talk) 16:56, August 15, 2018 (UTC)Inanimate Insanity Wiki (approved)  Hello everyone, my name is BluJayPJ, I am one of the administrators of the Inanimate Insanity Wiki,\u00a0I certainly believe that this community deserves contributors as this wiki needs help with a lot of things like expanding more articles, gallery pages,\u00a0(Since there's only 4), more help with organization and more active contributors, to give you some background information, these following users are either bureaucrats or administrators as of August 18, 2018: I was just hoping if any of you would like to help, so far we have 370 pages (including several subpages), I'll give you the link if you want the check it out, thanks\u00a0:) BluJayPJ (talk) 06:04, August 18, 2018 (UTC) Cool, I recently edited both if you want to check it out\u00a0:) ~ BluJayPJ (talk) 03:20, August 29, 2018 (UTC)RUROUNI KENSHIN WIKI (approved)  This wiki\u00a0aims to catalogue information on the\u00a0Rurouni Kenshin series by Nobuhiro Watsuki. I have checked all the requirements for spotlighting and think that a spotlight would be nice to let people look at this 10 years old wiki now that it has been renovated -- and its info, reorganized. --SRicher (talk) 23:41, August 19, 2018 (UTC)Tracy Beaker Wiki!  Hello y'all, I'm looking for editors and contributors towards\u00a0Tracy Beaker Wiki! We have ALL the knowledge and gossip on CBBC's The Story of Tracy Beaker, Tracy Beaker Returns and, better known, The Dumping Ground. If you didn't know, the series' follow life in a children's care home, as they get up to mischief, make friends, have adventures, and a look at what life is like without a family. (It's a drama series for children!) We are running extremely low on editors here; we desperately need new editors. A new series is coming up this Autumn, so we will need extra help then. Our wiki, to say the least, is slightly messy and unorganised, many templates are out-dated and some pages need spelling and grammar checks. Please come and have a look! Any questions, ask me on my\u00a0wall https://tracybeaker.wikia.com/wiki/Message_Wall:RainbowBubbles3\u00a0on Tracy Beaker Wiki or\u00a0Central https://community.wikia.com/wiki/Message_Wall:RainbowBubbles3! Please note: I am not the admin here. There is only one admin, and it is Basilbrush. RainbowBubbles3\u00a0(talk) 19:58, August 28, 2018 (UTC)Nomad of Nowhere Wiki  Hi. I am from the Nomad of Nowhere Wiki and i wanna have this for the spotlights cause of the popularity it grows from these new episodes.WeAreWarriors Wiki (approved)  Hi there. I am Patchfeather, and I'm a bureacrat on WeAreWarriors wiki and wish to promote it with a spotlight. We have been fixing it up recently and I believe we have everything that needs to be done to qualify for a spotlight. Thank you. {{SUBST:User:Patchfeather14/Sig}} 21:43, September 21, 2018 (UTC)Edge Chronicles Wiki (approved)  Hi! I would like to request another spotlight for The Edge Chronicles Wiki: https://theedgechronicles.wikia.com It would be the same image as last time, detailed here. The release of the next book has been pushed back to March 2019. Would it be possible to request another spotlight at that time? Thanks a lot! Gloamglozer Message me! 10:06, September 27, 2018 (UTC)Inheritance Wiki (approved) Dresden Files (approved)  Was previously approved 6 months ago & should still qualify; please reuse the previous image.Diep.io (approved)  Was also previously approved 6 months ago; again, please reuse the last image.Glitchtale Wiki (approved)  Greetings, I'm head of the Glitchtale Wiki. I'd like to request a spotlight for the Glitchtale Wiki into December spotlights. This community got approved 5 months ago but we really didn't get new people and activeness level is really still low. I'll try again because it didn't benefit in first my attempt. Note: We're gonna reuse the last image. \nMasterSlenderTR Ask QuestionMini 4WD Wiki (approved)  Hello, my name is Yuuyatails and I'm a founder of the Mini 4WD Wiki. Currently I'm looking for more contributors for the wiki, as I'm the only one who does the lifting alone as of recently. Yuuyatails (talk) 17:50, November 15, 2018 (UTC)   Hello Wendy. Sorry for the late reply, but will this image work?  -- Yuuyatails (talk) 14:06, November 29, 2018 (UTC)Flipline Fan Customers Wiki  Hello! I'm the founder of the active 3,800 page Flipline Fan Customers Wiki. I believe that the wiki meets all the spotlight requirements, but if it doesn't, please let me know. The image I would like to use is shown here. Thanks! JK55556 (talk) 23:41, November 26, 2018 (UTC)Formula E Wiki  Hi, I am the founder of the Formula E Wiki, which currently has 209 articles (of which 208 are above \"stub\" length). Furthermore, I feel that the wiki meets all of the other requirements to be spotlighted, and I hope that doing so will attract more users to help build the wiki ahead of the new FE season. Thank you for your time, JPDurzel (talk) 01:19, December 4, 2018 (UTC)Debate Wiki  Hello! We are looking for more contributors for are recently created wiki Debate Wiki. https://dragon-ball-video-game-feat.wikia.com/wiki/Main_Page Debate Wiki is about providing information on various character feats, respect threads, and misc info on verses, and having debates about your favorite fictional verses or real life topics! Sincerly, Majin Ainsley (talk) 17:07, December 4, 2018 (UTC)Majin AinsleyDisney Live Action Remakes Wiki  I made over 776 pages of the Disney Live Action Remakes Wiki. This is based on all the live-action remakes of Disney's animated and live-action hybrid films, though The Sorcerer's Apprentice and The Nutcracker and the Four Realms were inspired from segments of Fantasia and Mary Poppins Returns while a sequel, I consider it a sequel/reboot similar to Superman Returns. I believe this deserves its own separate wiki focusing on the remakes. (Hobbiton777 (talk) 20:08, December 9, 2018 (UTC))Community Central Technology  More hubsCommunity Central Fan Fiction Community Central Main Page Community Central Webinars  Webinars were monthly presentations provided by the Community Support team to provide live educational sessions that include best practices, pro tips, and introductions to new features. Webinars were open to any and all users. They are currently suspended. Note: These descriptions were written before we changed our name from Wikia to FandomCommunity Central Support Requests  Welcome to Wikia Community Central Support Requests, a forum where you may seek help from the Wikia community. Review the guidelines for help on how to post topics. See the General Discussion forum if you want to discuss something that isn't a support question. See the Admin Central forums if you have questions about wiki administration or setup.Community Central Wikis with many active members Community Central Wikia's New Style Ad change for logged-in users  Last week, we proposed making a change for logged-in users -- turning off the ads on article pages, so that logged-in users only see ads on the main page. We got lots of feedback from the community, and the response was generally very positive. So we're going to be making the change within the next 24 hours, and logged-in users will see the article pages without ads. One of the popular requests was to give logged-in editors the ability to see articles as a logged-out user would. We took those requests to our engineering team, and looked at the logistics of each option. What you'll see is a new option in user preferences, in the Skin tab. There'll be a checkbox under the list of Monaco skins that says \"Show all advertisements: Select this option to see article pages as logged-out users see them.\" You can check that box if you still want to see the ads. The box will be unchecked as the default. For people that want a quick view of one page, without having to go to preferences, there'll be a URL toggle. Just add\u00a0?showads=1 to the end of any page URL, and you'll see the article as a logged-out user would. The toggle will only apply to a single pageview, so it'll go back to your normal view when you load the page again. We know that this change doesn't address everyone's concerns or complaints -- but we're happy that people will now have a choice about how they see the wiki pages. The new code will go live tomorrow, July 10th. Thanks again for your feedback, your dedication and your passion. Keep talking to us about what you think, and tell us how things are working on your wiki. -- Danny (talk) 20:25, 9 July 2008 (UTC)Bottom ad  There's a small problem with the bottom ad section on pages like this one where the name of the section show a lot higher than the add (and we have a lot of them on fr.guildwars). I think it miss a  attribute style. I could go in and insert the {{Clear}} template at end of every pages but that would be so tedious... \u2014 TulipVorlax 01:07, 11 July 2008 (UTC) TulipVorlax: Can you try and get a screenshot of the misplaced title? I couldn't reproduce that. The translation part is being fixed, the message will be at Mediawiki:fast-adv so you can translate. It isn't showing up correctly at the moment, but Inez is working on it. Gahoo: To transfer what we talked about on IRC... the ad is always variable, sometimes a banner and sometimes a box. That's part of what we said originally about anonomous users seeing various sizes/placements of ads. The header was added when we realised that on pages with long final sections the ad appeared in the middle of the article... not what we intended! So this was a fix after seeing the effect in a live situation -- sannse (talk) 18:53, 11 July 2008 (UTC)AdBlocking  Thanks for making me install AdBlock Wikia. Really appreciate the way it made my Internet surfing smoother and prevented intrusive ads. Shaur M. S. Grizlin 10:07, 12 July 2008 (UTC) You corrupt corporatists, 99% of people who visit this place are just here to read articles on wikis. A few will click on ads and get spam in their inbox, or a computer virus/malware, or lose money in other ways, even get tricked into believing bullshit conspiracy theories from this www.NostradamusOnline.com ad next to me. --Whachsul733 02:07, 13 July 2008 (UTC) I was recently introduced to the Stylish add-on for Firefox. Firefox users might want to try out this Stylish modifier to filter intrusive ads. najevi 16:41, 10 October 2008 (UTC)...  Making logged-in uses unable to see ads is not the answer to the problem, as the ads are still there and decreases the quality of pages, lowing new users and even frequent users the doesn't log in frequently. It would be pointless to a user log in every time to just read pages, and the \"preview as anon\" button idea made me laugh. Wikia needs the ads, true, but as said here and in other parts of the forum, the ads should be outside articles like before, or Wikia will lose more revenue then win with the ads as it is now because users may block them, and blocking is a plus not only because it removes the intrusive ads, but also makes the pages load faster. I have a question: Making logged-in users unable to see ads would not also reduce it? Also, why not accept donations like Wikipedia? Obviously, if Wikia accepts donations there would be no need to be free of ads like Wikipedia, just place them in a better place of the pages that doesn't annoy everyone. --THIS IS  WIKIA! 02:49, 13 July 2008 (UTC)Are unanswered questions going to be answered?  Danny and Sannse you know how politicians who plan to speak at conventions surround themselves by like-minded party members but screen out any vocal opposing party members? Well, that is what it seems like is going on here. Wikia is pampering (even patronizing) the vocal few who care enough about the Wikia New Style to comment or ask questions. As new comment and questions evaporate from this population of users who either you pat yourselves on the back. In reality you just haven't measured the impact of your policy honestly. Take this past week as an a example. You haven't exactly been swamped by comments or questions here and yet you have not used that freed up bandwidth to answer the very reasonable questions that have previously been asked and yet continue to go unanswered in the now archived posts of this forum topic. You may have forgotten about those questions but those who submitted questions surely have not. When you announce new policy; invite feedback; receive feedback (especially feedback in the form of clarifying questions) but then ignore it ... well ... that does not foster good will. It most certainly does not demonstrate the assumption of good faith that you seem so fond of appealing to. najevi 05:26, 13 July 2008 (UTC) Najevi. As I've said before, the detail you are asking for is not sustainable. We cannot sit here with you and micro-analyse every decision we make and every aspect of the company. We are answering all we can, but that doesn't mean we are able to reply to every single question and comment. And that extra time this week... we've been using it to get back to helping and supporting wikis and users. Discussing this is important of course, but so is all the other work we try to do to make Wikia as good as it can be. -- sannse (talk) 15:54, 14 July 2008 (UTC)Why can't Monobook be a site-default skin?  Given that sites using Monobook as a default skin also see the 300x250 block ad and/or the 90x730 leaderboard ad, why shouldn't all wiki communities be free to specify Monobook as the site default skin to be seen by: The advertisers still enjoy the uniformity of their ads appearing in the two preferred locations. There is no impact to ad placement options available at the bottom of each web page. The only obstacle I can imagine is the loss of the lower areas of the left hand navigation bar for so-called skyscraper ads. It is not reasonable to state that Monobook will continue to be available as a user preference skin and not make it available as a site preference skin. It has been clearly stated that new wikia features (e.g. widgets) will not be developed for Monobook. For those communities who are happy with that condition, why not allow Monobook to be selected as the site default skin? Admins for a wiki community are able to make a decision as to whether the Monaco widgets provide any desirable value to their readers. najevi 06:30, 13 July 2008 (UTC)Does Wikia approve of a link allowing readers to dismiss an ad?  This question or suggestion has appeared more than just a few times in the past two months but has never drawn a response from Wikia staff. It is clearly not a violation of the Wikia terms of service since it leaves the choice of action to each visitor on a page by page basis. najevi 06:42, 13 July 2008 (UTC)Does WIkia get paid for impression ads regardless of the number of page views?  I understand that click-through ads require viewers to click on the ad for Wikia to collect revenue. I also read that Wikia plans to transition away from click through advertising revenue to impression advertising revenue. najevi 07:15, 13 July 2008 (UTC) In short: In slightly longer: we are using a variety of ad suppliers, a variety of types of ad, and are working to increase and improve both. The individual deals that we make are more likely to be impression ads than click-throughs. But when we don't have a specific deal then the ads will be more likely to be per-click. All this is generalisation though, there are many variations. -- sannse (talk) 16:13, 14 July 2008 (UTC)Ad  I'm not sure if you are able to see this but I see an h2 header saying <fast-adv>, which I'm guessing is an ad space, on the bottom of pages across Wikia when you check \"Show all advertisements\" in your preferences. I see it here and here as an example, and I see it on the bottom of the Forum. Wikada -  22:36, 13 July 2008 (UTC) Yo. On safari (for the PC, but presumably for the mac as well,) your deep-page ad-block is mis-rendering with visible HTML. Also- you suck. -Derik 02:33, 14 July 2008 (UTC) She described our unwillingness to upgrade to a new-improved-CENSORific page as \"you'd like to leave it broken in order to spite Wikia.\" I translate that as putting us in the \"sullen resistance to change\" box, which isn't the right box at all, we're in the \"broken is better than bowdlerizd\" box. I thought it was clear by context that I was telling her what seems to be being communicated via rhetorical paraphrase so she can either affirm or correct my perception. Telling the other person what you're hearing from them instead of simply parroting back the words they used (which you might both be interpreting differently) is a very useful cross-check device- it allows you to correct one another's understandings until you achieve a true meeting of the minds instead if skewing one another's words through the filter of your preconceptions or an emotionally volatilized moment.  Takes a bit longer, but the result is worth it. If only we both spoke German. A language so blunt and to-the-point that their word for a sex act has the same root as \"to commit violence.\" And EVERYTHING you say in german sounds rude- which renders the emotional component null and forces you to actually listen to one another. One day perhaps mankind shall develop a universal-interchange language for unambiguious communicating on this level, and much of our problems may vanish overnight. \u00a0:~) Don't worry, I know Saanse just went to bed and I won't get a remittance on that response-token for 12-16 hours. I'm under no illusion that an absence of that response makes me right in the meantime. I shall wait on her response. -Derik 22:10, 17 July 2008 (UTC)Telling users they can avoid ads, apart from main page, by signing in  Are there examples of this being done yet? Is it being included in welcome templates? Philralph @sca21 07:04, 14 July 2008 (UTC) I really question the idea. If the premise is that logged in users won't get the page-destroying ads, and we're encouraging everyone to log in regardless of whether they can, will, or should contribute... then nobody will be seeing the new obnoxious ads. Once that's the case, won't we be back to square one? Won't there be no choice to switch things around so we're all seeing those ads? This seems like, at best, delaying the inevitable. Chip 00:16, 15 July 2008 (UTC) Kryten: From Wikia's point of view, encouraging people to log in is a positive thing, but encouraging people to use AdBlock is a negative. People who are logged in are more likely to feel like part of the community, and more likely to make an edit. We want more logged-in people -- that's why we have big, shiny, green buttons around the page encouraging people to log in. So we're happy if people encourage their readers and contributors to log in... it's better for the community and better for Wikia overall. Encouraging people to use AdBlock doesn't help anyone. To answer Chip's question - we don't expect that everyone will log in, so there will still be plenty of people who'll see the ads. Right now, about 1% of our visitors are logged-in. Even if that number triples, it'll still only be 3% - and if that encourages more people to contribute, then the content that they write will bring even more readers to the site. We already did this with the Quartz skin - logged-in users didn't see any ads on Quartz, and we didn't see a huge rush of people logging in. Taking ads off for logged-in users is just a way to make life easier for the people who are working to build up their wikis. If some people end up logging in without contributing, we can live with it\u00a0:) -- sannse (talk) 22:50, 15 July 2008 (UTC)Ads with suggestion as Login?  Ads suggest as \"Login\" middle in the content? It's not a picture. You can fill out the form. Nice to catch accounts from Wikia users. I feel this is big security risk. Depend on the page colors user can not see the different! -- HenryNe 23:58, 14 July 2008 (UTC)Banner Ad Menu Overlap  Image The main page banner is overlapping the first menu. -- LordTBT Talk! 03:33, 15 July 2008 (UTC) I have problems with horrible ad-boxes pushing down whole tables, look at w:c:fantasy:Aerina in anonymous mode with a Monaco screen, the same on other wikis like conworld , ancientgreekfanfiction and conmyth... How stinky New style!!! Golden Eagle 23:02, 15 July 2008 (UTC)Whatever happened to that second ad?  You know that 300x250 ad that will appear on the main page on the right, when's that coming? --Taylor Karras  18:13, 23 July 2008 (UTC)Firefox + long pages suck  You did something. w:c:transformers:Transformers_Wiki_talk:Community_Portal#Firefox_blues I feel justified in saying this because; I leave you to it. -Derik 12:18, 26 July 2008 (UTC)Firefox 3 problem  A few people have mentioned a problem with Firefox and cut-off long pages. It seems that Firefox 3 changed how it handled some css, and that's affecting us. It should be fixed soon, we are making changes our end that will mean this doesn't happen. Sorry for the problem. -- sannse (talk) 22:20, 28 July 2008 (UTC) Looking at the longest archived version of the community portal page - [3], I cannot see any problems on Firefox 3 logged in our out - however, I /do/ see the problem on IE7. Very strange. I can't see anything in the article code that would cause it. Will see if I can see it occur elsewhere. Kirkburn\u00a0\u00a0talk\u00a0\u00a0contr\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 01:26, 31 July 2008 (UTC) Update: I've tried the longest version of the WoWWiki village pump and don't see the problem there - [4]. All that I can see that occurs on that page at that point is a div, which looks to be coded fine. Kirkburn\u00a0\u00a0talk\u00a0\u00a0contr\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 01:32, 31 July 2008 (UTC) Update 2: Now I've tried that community portal on IE7 with the simplest skin possible, MySkin: [5]. Still occurs, but disappears when the div is removed. This leads me to the conclusion it is an IE/MediaWiki issue with divs on very long pages. Kirkburn\u00a0\u00a0talk\u00a0\u00a0contr\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 01:37, 31 July 2008 (UTC) I've just taken the liberty to repair that thing on the tranformers wikia bacause it seemed nobody was caring about it. Now, everything seems well. \u2014 TulipVorlax 11:20, 2 August 2008 (UTC)How come wikis connected to wikia central have to have ad's while some don't  I feel let down that wiki's like http://www.FEwiki.net don't need ad's while wiki's like http://fireemblem.wikia.com don't, if anything i would have thought it would been the other way around. --Semajdraehs-Talk page 17:58, 31 July 2008 (UTC)Many errors on validator.w3.org  Hello, I was just checking pages on the validator.w3.org. All Monaco pages have 100 or more errors. Or it is an error in the header? I don't know. But, it is not the MediaWiki engine behind (see last check). For pure test I used a Special page without content. Pages with content have lot of more errors. -- HenryNe 22:05, 4 August 2008 (UTC)Please fix follow main errors:  As final result I got error free from validator . The original page Special:MIMEsearch was well good small page for this test, and have no side effects from content. Monobook have similar syntax errors. After fixing this, you would see, that this skin has two  with missing open. Ones is perhaps the line marked with \"(#2068)\" before id=\"column-google\". The other I have not found. Changes for Monobook are here. Please fixup the style generator. Than the validator can also locate errors from inside content code. -- HenryNe 20:37, 5 August 2008 (UTC) Please fix this code passage above. --HenryNe 05:15, 9 August 2008 (UTC) And please - don't say that fixes aren't needed. Web standards were written so that the page would display correctly on every browser! -- Jamjumetley 12:36, 9 August 2008 (UTC) It took JSharp to point it out to me, but the divs in your paste there are closed... What am I missing? -- sannse (talk) 21:14, 11 August 2008 (UTC) Is the /span there is a typofix from you? A span is not opened at this place. It's closed some lines above, before the div class=\"community_details color2\" starts. There is no code (no /div and no /span) between the . These four end tags are all, what I see. Yust view the html source of real page (not my copy), search for id=\"101-more\", and scroll 3 lines down. My browser is the IE6, and have the same in Firefox2 and FF3. Logged in or not make no difference. You can use any *.wikia.com, also here in the forum. A related problem from the missing /div is, that the Language box can not hide, unless you move the Languages box above the Community box. --HenryNe 07:44, 12 August 2008 (UTC) Here is a view of badly code with syntax highlights (Exported from Kwrite-Editor). --HenryNe 08:50, 12 August 2008 (UTC) I just reexamined the issue, Monobook seems to be error-free again, and Monaco was down to 20 on my test case (I'm using only the default widgets). The most common error is still However, it's again become feasible to debug articles with the validator, especially if you add  to the URL. Thank you, wikia. --\u25c4mendel\u25ba 12:00, 6 September 2008 (UTC)Block ad on right side of main page  Is there a preference or something in which the 300x250 block ad doesn't have to appear on the main page? I've seen this on a couple of wikis. And how do I make it so the monaco skin looks like the Redwall Wiki where it uses the wide logo and a custom banner across the top? -16:48, 5 August 2008 (UTC)showads=1 via checkbox on edit pages?  I know that I can add ?showads=1 (or &showads=1, as the case may be) to a URL to get a view with ads when I am logged in. I just now wanted to see ads in edit preview, but I don't know how to turn this on while I am editing (i.e. for the preview). Could you give me a checkbox (next to the \"This is a minor edit\" and \"Watch this page\" checkboxes, maybe) that allows me to turn the ads on? and it would be checked for me to uncheck if I had \"show all ads\" on in my preferences? --\u25c4mendel\u25ba 13:29, 6 August 2008 (UTC)Ads on top left  I'm seeing ads for other wikis on the top left of the page over the wiki logo. Is this normal? Drewton 20px  02:02, 7 August 2008 (UTC)Stats  Given that the new ad system has been in place for about 2 months now, are there any statistics to report? -- LordTBT Talk! 08:04, 20 August 2008 (UTC)Delete  The only solution for all this is:Deleting monaco!!!!!! {{SUBST:User:Pierlot/HT}} 13:32, 20 August 2008 (UTC) I would not really take care of TulipVorlax comments anymore, I have noticed on manu forums he is trying to become a Wikia staff, so he is going to kiss the soil just to keep them happy. If Monobook was that bad, then why the hell Wikipedia, the biggest wiki ever, keeps using it? I do not know... may be because IT IS THE BEST!!!!!'. That \"advertisers want their ads in a only big site not in a bunch of little sites\" claim is just plain stupid. I mean... What will you prefer? To be advertised in only one site on or lots of them? Either advertisers are just total fool (it is probably) or Wikia is lying. The worst thing is it looks like advertisers are more important than wikis, I mean... if you want to advertise on $Wikia$, what do you have to press on wikia staff to make things to look like you want? I do not see advertisers forcing tv-stations to insert ads in the screen right at the moment the shows are on, so I guess it is just an excuse of Wikia to make more money and there are no any \"advertisers\" pressing on them to destroy the content by inserting horrible ad-boxes on them, there is only the wikia staff looking for new ways to put the maximum number of ads in the screen regardless of the destruction of content. Wikia wikis used to be independent different communities, but it looks like Wikia now wants to force them to be an only big community on a big dumb site, I think it is called multi-culturism isnt?, oh, yes, I just forget Wikia is just another name for international communism! :) Then... If I dislike Wikia... What am I doing here? Well, a year ago I began to edit on wikia, things were very distinct, wikis were truly free, ads were not intrusive, and now I have invested a long time on editing on wikia wikis and now I am not going to abandon my wikis just because The Big Brother Wikia just does not get different wikis have different requirements. That being said, Intrusive Ads had made a major damage on many wikis I know, totally cutting out the inflow of new users. The worst thing it is a total monopoly, if I want to change to another place I will have to compite against the Google ranking of Wikia, I can not do anything but lose before a big corporation. So moving is not an option. Wikia knows that, and that is why they will not care on our comments. I just say, you wikia you say Monaco is supposed to help wikis to grow, tell me... If I bring you evidence of wikis who were totally killed by Monaco and its intrusive ads, then will you make Monobook available again and will you put out from articles the google ads? Now Wikia, please write a cheap excuse below, because even if I show you evidence you will say no. It is about the money you want, not about helping the wikis. I suggest you to change your name to 'Wikiads What Whachsul733 wrote: You corrupt corporatists, 99% of people who visit this place are just here to read articles on wikis. A few will click on ads and get spam in their inbox, or a computer virus/malware, or lose money in other ways, even get tricked into believing bullshit conspiracy theories from this www.NostradamusOnline.com ad next to me is true, you do not even go to check the sites that are advertised on this new ad-sense stuff, many of them are really dangerous for barely-protected computers and make anti-virus alarms to activate, but you do not care to harm our readers as long as you get your money. What najevi wrote is true, the true reason you are not letting us to have monobook is to be able to use the skyscraper ad format, even although basically no one looks at this place. As long as you get the money, you do not care on harming wikis... isnt? You said Killing Monobook helps our development team and saves our resources. Also, advertisers like a consistent look to the site. What? Monobook is already developed, it does not need any development resource, is the buggy Monaco what kills out your resources. Yet again, you show you are ready to harm wikis if advertisers want it. So if advertisers say We do not want content anymore, it is distracting for the ads. Pages only need ads, please remove content from pages or we will stop giving you money, you will remove content from the pages just because advertisers demand it. Bad advertiser! Bad! Can not you just tell advertisers: \"Man! It is enough!\". No, because as long as you get money everything is OK. You think we are fool and you have disabled ads for logged users. Man! I do not care about ads! I can support lots of them! Send me all the ads to me if you want! I only care about the anonymous users who enter into my wiki showing some interest but then found dirty, offensive ads and the like, and go away. I care about anonymous users who see the pages I created with a lot of effort but only see totally broken formats and long download times due to the large ad-scripts and then leave. Removing ads for logged users makes no difference. We are not here to read articles, we are here to write articles, so the one who we would wish were able to read the articles with no-bugging intrusive ads are our readers, our anonymous users, but you just ignore it and try to bribe us. I insist, send me all the ads to me, I am an editor and I do not care, but please do not let my readers to see ruined pages, please no. So now communities do not own wikis but Wikiads, Wikiads decide which skins use wikis and not community because advertisers want Wikiads to be a big unique site and not a group of very different wikis with very different interests, like it used to be. Go on, Wikiads, kill diversity, you are doing it in an excellent way. Advertisers rule! Piertlot say: \"The only solution for all this is: Deleting monaco!!!!!!\". Well, to tell truth, many wikis would work better on Monaco, the problem is many wikis work wrong on Monaco and are being harmed. So, while it is not good to delete Monaco, it is even better to bring Monobook back. It is awesome what you are done just to keep that meaningless skyscraper ad. Please I-want-to-be-a-wikia-staff drones do not ask these questions, I want Wikia staff to answer. They have to answer. They have toGolden Eagle 01:23, 7 September 2008 (UTC) Is not any wikia staff going to answer?Golden Eagle#redirectMsg now Javscript-based?  moved to Forum:RedirectsSpamtrap's busted  moved to Forum:MediaWiki 1.13 upgrade#Spamtrap's bustedAbout ads  Sometimes I see the same ad appear twice in main pages, one in the top banner and other in the right ad box. It's annoying, as it take more time to load the pages just to show the same think. Why not place just one ad (or better, none) in the main pages like the normal pages? And why Wikia's main page don't has any ads while others have two in them? --WTF 00:17, 2 October 2008 (UTC)Menus appearing underneath ads  I thought this problem was fixed? Still occurring for me. --LordTBT Talk! 06:01, 5 October 2008 (UTC)Advertisers and wikia, learn.  advertisers want their ads in a only big site not in a bunch of little sites Why dont the advertisers learn that wikia IS actually a bunch of little sites? {{SUBST:User:Pierlot/HT}} 08:40, 10 October 2008 (UTC)Search is go  Is there any way to force the search box return a list of results, even when there is an exact page match? In monobook this was accomplished by choosing \"search\" instead of \"go\". There doesn't seem to be a way to do that now. - dcljr 19:16, 25 November 2008 (UTC)Spotlight ads  How do I get rid of those \"Wikia Spotlight\" ads on the side, and the Featured Wikis at the bottom? It's so annoying. Sk84life 20:42, 12 January 2009 (UTC)Closing this page  I'm moving LordTBT's question about evaluation to Forum:Wikia's New Style evaluation. Sannse posted the red boxes on this page in August, asking that people post new questions on other forum pages, to make sure that people see them and know that they're new topics. As you can see above, people are still using this page to post about new issues -- some of them unrelated to the original topic of this discussion. We want to avoid this kind of confusion, so I'm going to protect the page. Please feel free to keep talking about this topic, or any other that you want to talk about, by creating a new forum page. This doesn't have to be the all-purpose page for every question; there's plenty of space on the wiki for everybody to have their own page.\u00a0:) -- Danny (talk) 00:36, 27 February 2009 (UTC)Community Central Uberfuzzy Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Strona g\u0142\u00f3wna Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Ranking polskich wiki  Dane aktualne na dzie\u0144 29 wrze\u015bnia 2018. \u0141\u0105cznie 342 wikii. Nie uaktualniaj rankingu r\u0119cznie. Jest on regularnie aktualizowany przez robota.\n Robot korzysta z listy wszystkich wiki znajduj\u0105cej si\u0119 tutaj. Je\u015bli twojej wiki nie ma na li\u015bcie lub w odpowiedniej kategorii mo\u017cesz to zg\u0142osi\u0107 na stronie dyskusji.Zobacz te\u017c Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Wikia miesi\u0105ca  Gdy przegl\u0105damy r\u00f3\u017cne wikie, kt\u00f3ra\u015b z nich mo\u017ce nam przypa\u015b\u0107 do gustu. Mo\u017cemy zag\u0142osowa\u0107 na ni\u0105 tutaj, dzi\u0119ki czemu mo\u017cemy sprawi\u0107, \u017ce wi\u0119cej Wikian ma szans\u0119 si\u0119 o niej dowiedzie\u0107.Zasady g\u0142osowania i przyznawania tytu\u0142u Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Strona g\u0142\u00f3wna  Tutaj mo\u017cesz dyskutowa\u0107 wszelkie sprawy zwi\u0105zane z Wiki\u0105 i szuka\u0107 pomocy. Aby doda\u0107 nowy temat wpisz jego tytu\u0142 i naci\u015bnij przycisk Dodaj nowy temat. Zanim za\u0142o\u017cysz temat na forum, zajrzyj na strony wsparcia - by\u0107 mo\u017ce tam znajdziesz odpowied\u017a na swoje pytanie. Strony te to: Je\u017celi potrzebujesz pilnej odpowiedzi b\u0105d\u017a chcesz po prostu porozmawia\u0107, mo\u017cesz r\u00f3wnie\u017c wej\u015b\u0107 na czat Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci. alfabetyczna lista temat\u00f3w (2013) (2012) (2011) (2010) (2009) (2008) (2007) (2006) | od\u015bwie\u017cCentrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Sovq Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Lista polskich wiki  Tutaj znajduje si\u0119 lista wszystkich polskich wiki branych pod uwag\u0119 przy tworzeniu ranking\u00f3w. Lista jest aktualizowana automatycznie przez bota razem z rankingami. Je\u015bli chcesz doda\u0107 swoj\u0105 wiki, zr\u00f3b to poprzez stron\u0119 dyskusji. Nie dopisuj wiki samemu, poniewa\u017c bot zignoruje ka\u017cd\u0105 edycj\u0119, kt\u00f3rej nie wykona\u0142 on sam lub administrator.Kategorie  Lista wiki z mo\u017cliwo\u015bci\u0105 sortowania wed\u0142ug kategorii znajduje si\u0119 tutajCentrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Katalog  Katalog to strona s\u0142u\u017c\u0105ca do ewidencjonowania bardziej i mniej znanych wiki. Ka\u017cdy u\u017cytkownik mo\u017ce tutaj dopisa\u0107 jak\u0105kolwiek wiki, kt\u00f3ra spe\u0142nia wymagania, wraz z kr\u00f3tkim opisem jej zawarto\u015bci. Aby doda\u0107 wiki, powinna ona mie\u0107 co najmniej 25 artyku\u0142\u00f3w, przestrzega\u0107 zasad u\u017cytkowania oraz mie\u0107 estetyczny i przyci\u0105gaj\u0105cy wygl\u0105d. Opis wiki powinien w dok\u0142adny i w neutralny spos\u00f3b opisywa\u0107 jej zawarto\u015b\u0107.A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U W Y Z Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Anoon6  archiwum1 \u00b7 archiwum2 Cze\u015b\u0107. Fajnie,\u017ce zrobi\u0142e\u015b lay dla BF Wiki. Dzi\u0119ki Ci za to\u00a0:) Czy m\u00f3g\u0142 bym naby\u0107 prawa administratora na tej Wiki BF-a?usuni\u0119cie wiki  Czy mo\u017cna prosi\u0107 o usuni\u0119cie mojej wiki http://marekko.wikia.com/wiki/Marekko_Wiki strona raczej nie jest zgodna z zasadami wikji (nie doczyta\u0142em) chcia\u0142em przenie\u015b\u0107 prywatn\u0105 stron\u0119 bo m\u00f3j dotychczasowy hosting przestanie wkr\u00f3tce istnie\u0107 --Mateczek 13:57, lut 27, 2012 (UTC)Nowy MediaWiki navigation  Cze\u015b\u0107. Wszed\u0142 nowy MediaWiki navigation. Kolega zaimportowa\u0142 jego pewn\u0105 cz\u0119\u015b\u0107, mianowicie t\u0105. Jest tylko jeden problem. Nie mamy uprawnie\u0144, by to \"spolszczy\u0107\", wi\u0119c czy m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b to zrobi\u0107? By by\u0142: Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119ki za pomoc, gdyby\u015b m\u00f3g\u0142 to zrobi\u0107. Pozdrawiam. ~~Alzani\u00f1o  14:05, pa\u017a 10, 2011 (UTC)Sprawa biurokraty  Dzie\u0144 dobry. Na mojej wiki jestem administratorem, a biurokrata jest jedna osoba. Problem tkwi w tym, \u017ce nic nie robi na wiki, a niekt\u00f3re sprawy za\u0142atwia tylko biurokrata. Czy m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b \"odmianowa\u0107\" tego biurokrat\u0119 i mianowa\u0107 mnie? Z powa\u017caniem, Milek 99 17:29, pa\u017a 17, 2011 (UTC)Zmiana Spotlighta  Witaj Anoon. Mam pytanie: Czy mo\u017cna zmieni\u0107 Spotlight Wiki? Mam z adminami pomys\u0142 na nowe zdj\u0119cie i tekst, wi\u0119c czy da\u0142oby si\u0119 je zmieni\u0107? Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119ki za odpowied\u017a, pozdrawiam. ~~Alzani\u00f1o  14:23, pa\u017a 19, 2011 (UTC)Problem  Witaj.Mam pewien problem z wiki\u0105.administracja wiki(niewiem kto)napisa\u0142a mi jakie\u015b \u017ce co\u015b sie stalo i \u017ce rozwi\u017c\u0105 problem ale ja go rozwi\u0105za\u0142em a niemoge teraz normalnie edytowa\u0107 nic tylko musze ca\u0142\u0105 strone edytowa\u0107 i niewiem jak to rozwi\u0105za\u0107Kozakdowoza 17:58, pa\u017a 20, 2011 (UTC)Fanon i spotlight  Cze\u015b\u0107! S\u0142ysza\u0142em, \u017ce spotlighty nie dotycz\u0105 wiki o tematyce fanonu, czy to prawda? \u2014Ponurak  18:12, lis 14, 2011 (UTC)Czarny Lokaj sputlajt  Witaj. Czy istnia\u0142a by mo\u017cliwo\u015b\u0107 zrobienia tego czego\u015b dla czarnego lokaja? Pozdrawiam SnT \u2606 12:59, lis 16, 2011 (UTC)Interwiki  Cze\u015b\u0107, chcia\u0142bym si\u0119 zapyta\u0107 o mo\u017cliwo\u015b\u0107 w\u0142\u0105czenia link\u00f3w j\u0119zykowych (Interwiki) dla stron tak aby mo\u017cna by\u0142o korzysta\u0107 z link\u00f3w np: Zck 00:14, lis 17, 2011 (UTC)Interwiki do Bleach Wiki  Witaj. Czy m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b wstawi\u0107 interwiki do hiszpa\u0144skiej i niemieckiej Wiki na polskiej Bleach Wiki, i odwrotnie ich do naszej? Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119ki. ~~Alzani\u00f1o  15:42, lis 17, 2011 (UTC)Adopcja  Witam. Czy s\u0105 jakie\u015b formalne kwestie dotycz\u0105ce adopcji? (specjalny formularz, wymagania administracyjne itp?). Na obecn\u0105 chwil\u0119 jestem najbardziej aktywnym administratorem Polskiej Wikii Fineasza i Ferba, mamy jednego za\u0142o\u017cyciela/biurokrat\u0119, kt\u00f3ry w ostatnim czasie bardzo zaniedba\u0142 wiki, potem wr\u00f3ci\u0142 na troszk\u0119 i teraz zn\u00f3w jest nieaktywny. Wsp\u00f3lnymi si\u0142ami powoli doprowadzamy j\u0105 do stanu u\u017cywalno\u015bci. Otrzymali\u015bmy w ostatnim czasie propozycj\u0119 od za\u0142o\u017cyciela tej samej tematycznie wikii z innej wersji j\u0119zykowej (a w\u0142a\u015bciwie biurokrata otrzyma\u0142). Sami niewiele mo\u017cemy niestety zrobi\u0107, st\u0105d moje pytanie. Prosz\u0119 o jakie\u015b wytyczne co m\u00f3g\u0142bym zrobi\u0107, \u017ceby pom\u00f3c tej Wikii\u00a0:) pozdrawiam, Finealt - pisz w razie w\u0105tpliwo\u015bci... 07:24, lis 20, 2011 (UTC)Por\u00f3wnanie kont  Cze\u015b\u0107, s\u0142ysza\u0142em, \u017ce masz mo\u017cliwo\u015b\u0107 por\u00f3wna\u0107 konta user\u00f3w, tj. czy przypadkiem to nie ta sama osoba. Je\u015bli tak to prosi\u0142bym o por\u00f3wnanie tego i tego. Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119ki, \u2014Ponurak  14:39, lis 22, 2011 (UTC).Interwiki - RuneScape Wiki  S\u0142ysza\u0142em, \u017ce zajmujesz si\u0119 interwiki. Mam problem, jestem adminem polskiej RuneScape Wiki ( www.pl.runescape.wikia.com ) . Polska RuneScape Wiki nie jest pod\u0142\u0105czona do istniej\u0105cych Wiki o tym samym adresie (zmiana tylko adresu j\u0119zykowego) do: Czyli nie jest pod\u0142\u0105czona z wzajemno\u015bci\u0105 do np. www.af.runescape.wikia.com . Na dodawaniu interwiki do artyku\u0142\u00f3w si\u0119 znam. Czy m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b naprawi\u0107 te przekierowania, zreszt\u0105 do wszystkich istniej\u0105cych RuneScape Wiki? Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119kuj\u0119. Orthanc107 19:00, lis 27, 2011 (UTC)Bot  Witam, Do kogo powinienem zwr\u00f3ci\u0107 si\u0119 z pro\u015bb\u0105 o oflagowanie bota? Chodzi mi\u0119dzy innymi o to, \u017ceby jego edycje by\u0142y ukryte, dop\u00f3ki kto\u015b nie wybierze opcji \"Show bots\" w zaawansowanym podgl\u0105dzie. --pozdrawiam, Finealt - pisz w razie w\u0105tpliwo\u015bci... 07:16, lis 29, 2011 (UTC)Wygl\u0105d  Chcia\u0142bym dowiedzie\u0107 si\u0119 jak uzyska\u0107 wygl\u0105d taki sam jaki ma nonsensopedia.wikia.com Dzi\u0119kuj\u0119 z g\u00f3rySpotlight dla Huntik wiki  Witaj, mam pytanie czy mo\u017cliwe jest zrobienie spotlightu dla Huntik Wiki, i czy jest mo\u017clio\u015b\u0107 aby pod zdj\u0119ciami nie by\u0142o napisane kto je wrzuca w arcie??. Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119kuje. Pozdrawiam Talho (Dyskusja) 14:49, gru 5, 2011 (UTC)Electron Bot  Witam, m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b oflagowa\u0107 tego bota? Na razie chcia\u0142bym go u\u017cytkowa\u0107 w Ogrodzie Petenery -> [1], na Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci -> User:Electron Bot i na Prepedii -> [2]. Pozdrawiam  Electron PL \u30c4\u00a0\u27a7\u260e 12:20, gru 6, 2011 (UTC)Dragon Age Wiki  Witam, czy mo\u017cna prosi\u0107 o nadanie praw na: Dragon Age Wiki?GothicWarrior (Dyskusja) 12:10, gru 10, 2011 (UTC)Reklama na dole strony ka\u017cdej wiki  Witam. Moja encyklopedia si\u0119 rozwija i przyszed\u0142 czas na reklam\u0119. Co trzeba zrobi\u0107 aby umie\u015bci\u0107 tak\u0105 reklam\u0119 na dole strony i ile kosztuje? Induert 14:11, gru 10, 2011 (UTC)Obrazki z Commons  Witam! Mo\u017cesz w\u0142\u0105czy\u0107 opcj\u0119 bezpo\u015bredniego korzystania z obrazk\u00f3w ze zbior\u00f3w Commons, wi\u0119cej -> Dyskusja_u\u017cytkownika:Sovq#Commons, czy trzeba z tym uderza\u0107 wy\u017cej?  Electron PL \u30c4\u00a0\u27a7\u260e 22:09, gru 10, 2011 (UTC)DA Wiki  Chcia\u0142bym odwo\u0142a\u0107 http://pl.dragonage.wikia.com/wiki/U%C5%BCytkownik:Venderas z powodu dawnej aktywno\u015bci na wiki. Pozdrawiam, GothicWarrior (Dyskusja) 21:04, gru 17, 2011 (UTC)Adopcja  Chcia\u0142bym zaadoptowa\u0107 http://pl.narutoonline.wikia.com/wiki/Specjalna:WikiActivity, o ile b\u0119dzie to mo\u017cliwe. Pozdrawiam, GothicWarrior (Dyskusja) 13:50, sty 14, 2012 (UTC)Infobox  Hej:) Mam pewien problem, chcia\u0142bym stworzy\u0107 i doda\u0107 infoboxa nie bardzo mi to wychodzi, masz jakie\u015b wskaz\u00f3wki? adres wiki: http://pl.wrestling-fans.wikia.com Sanchez you take a point! 16:58, sty 14, 2012 (UTC) Podczas edycji strony i pr\u00f3bie wprowadzenia polskiego \u015b skrypt odbiera t\u0119 sekwencj\u0119 klawiszy (alt, s) jako polecenie zako\u0144czenia edycji. Czy to normalne i jak to przeskoczy\u0107? hej jak zrobi\u0107 odznaki hej Witam chcia\u0142bym usun\u0105\u0107 wszystkie swoje wikie, oraz konto.hej  Ostatnio przegl\u0105daj\u0105c simsopedie zauwa\u017cy\u0142em \u017ce du\u017co u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w ma z ulubionych Wiki co\u015b takiego jak Wiki wandalowania.Zajrza\u0142em tam i jakie\u015b g\u0142upie dzieci tam kln\u0105 i wandalizmy pisz\u0105 same.A za\u0142o\u017cenie tej Wiki jest niezgodne z jakim\u015b tam regulaminem czy co\u015b tak mi m\u00f3wi\u0142 sovq \u017ce takiej Wiki nie mo\u017cna zak\u0142ada\u0107.(Plants iphone 06:14, maj 14, 2012 (UTC))Usuni\u0119cie konta  Mo\u017cesz usun\u0105\u0107 moje konto? Z powa\u017caniem DiegoGothic325 (dyskusja) 18:08, sie 18, 2012 (UTC). Hej, mam problem chcia\u0142bym zmieni\u0107 nazw\u0119 mojej wiki z kica\u0142ko wiki na kr\u00f3lik wiki >,< link do mojej wki jest tu. Nie wiem czy mi pomo\u017cesz ale gdzie\u015b przeczyta\u0142em, \u017ce mo\u017cesz pomus ^-^\u00a0Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Ranking polskich wiki - grafiki  Dane aktualne na dzie\u0144 29 wrze\u015bnia 2018. \u0141\u0105cznie 353 wikii. Nie uaktualniaj rankingu r\u0119cznie. Jest on regularnie aktualizowany przez robota.\n Robot korzysta z listy wszystkich wiki znajduj\u0105cej si\u0119 tutaj. Je\u015bli twojej wiki nie ma na li\u015bcie lub w odpowiedniej kategorii mo\u017cesz to zg\u0142osi\u0107 na stronie dyskusji.Zobacz te\u017c Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Adoptuj wiki  Na tej stronie mo\u017cna zg\u0142osi\u0107 pro\u015bb\u0119 o uprawnienia administratora lub biurokraty na innej, polskoj\u0119zycznej wiki, nie posiadaj\u0105cej aktywnych administrator\u00f3w. Zanim zg\u0142osisz pro\u015bb\u0119 o adopcj\u0119, spr\u00f3buj skontaktowa\u0107 si\u0119 z za\u0142o\u017cycielem wiki lub kt\u00f3rym\u015b z biurokrat\u00f3w i zapyta\u0107 o dodatkowe uprawnienia. Obecni administratorzy mog\u0105 zosta\u0107 usuni\u0119ci dopiero po roku nieaktywno\u015bci. Adoptowa\u0107 wiki mo\u017ce jedynie aktywny edytor, wi\u0119c upewnij si\u0119, \u017ce spe\u0142nione s\u0105 poni\u017csze warunki. Obecnie mamy 2 otwarte pro\u015bby o adopcj\u0119.Niedawno zamkni\u0119te  Poni\u017cej znajduje si\u0119 pi\u0119\u0107 ostatnio zaktualizowanych zamkni\u0119tych pr\u00f3\u015bb.Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci O FANDOMIE Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Pomoc Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Wikianie  Do edycji tej strony u\u017cywaj edytora \u017ar\u00f3d\u0142owego. Wikianin to ka\u017cda osoba, kt\u00f3ra poczuwa si\u0119 za cz\u0142onka spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Wikii, poprzez edytowanie kt\u00f3rej\u015b z wiki na Wikii (wcze\u015bniej, kiedy Wikia nazywa\u0142a si\u0119 \u201eWikicities\u201d, okre\u015blenie to po angielsku brzmia\u0142o \u201eWikicitizen\u201d). Przy wpisywaniu si\u0119 na list\u0119 nale\u017cy pami\u0119ta\u0107 o kilku zasadach: Wikianie nieaktywni przenoszeni do archiwum na stron\u0119 dyskusji.0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L \u0141 M N O P R S T U V W X Z  \u00a0Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Lista polskich wiki Brakuj\u0105ce wiki  Tutaj dodawaj zg\u0142oszenia dodania wiki do listy. Twoja wiki zostanie automatycznie wzi\u0119ta pod uwag\u0119 w rankingach wg ilo\u015bci hase\u0142 i grafik. Zg\u0142oszenia prosz\u0119 dodawa\u0107 na ko\u0144cu poni\u017cszej listy w formie poprawnego odno\u015bnika do wiki oraz opcjonalnie jej nazwy (w przypadku braku zostanie pobrana ze strony). Po dywizie mo\u017cna r\u00f3wnie\u017c doda\u0107 istniej\u0105ce kategorie (oddzielone przecinkami) do kt\u00f3rych dana wiki ma nale\u017ce\u0107. Dodaj zg\u0142oszenie brakuj\u0105cej wikiLista wiki oczekuj\u0105cych na dodanie Czy mo\u017cna zmieni\u0107 kategori\u0119 mojej Wiki?  Tutaj dodawaj zg\u0142oszenia poprawienia lub dodania wiki do kategorii. Poprawki b\u0119d\u0105 wprowadzane przez administrator\u00f3w. Zg\u0142oszenia prosz\u0119 dodawa\u0107 w formacie:Dyskusja Aktualizacja skryptu bota  W\u0142a\u015bnie wprowadzi\u0142em wi\u0119kszo\u015b\u0107 zmian zwi\u0105zanych z aktualizacj\u0105 skryptu. Rankingi s\u0105 tymczasowo puste, bo skrypt dostaje star\u0105 wersj\u0119 strony i musz\u0119 czeka\u0107 a\u017c pami\u0119\u0107 podr\u0119czna API si\u0119 wyczy\u015bci. Wi\u0119cej informacji p\u00f3\u017aniej\u00a0;). \u2014 Nanaki 17:39, cze 30, 2013 (UTC) Wszytko zrobione. Mo\u017cna si\u0119 rozpisa\u0107 w temacie zmian. Poni\u017cej lista tych wa\u017cniejszych w skrypcie oraz li\u015bcie: Z okazji powy\u017cszych zmian skrypt mo\u017ce by\u0107 uruchamiany przez kilku u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w co zmniejszy to jego awaryjno\u015b\u0107. Na razie jeszcze podzia\u0142a tylko u mnie, bo najpierw chc\u0119 jeszcze zrobi\u0107 opcj\u0119 wykrywania wersji \u017ceby bot nie robi\u0142 aktualizacji gdy jest uruchamiana stara wersja skryptu. W tej chwili jest u mnie ustawiony na 6 uruchomie\u0144 dziennie od 3:00 do 23:00 wi\u0119c trafienie na w\u0142\u0105czony komputer nie powinno by\u0107 problemem. \u2014 Nanaki 19:00, cze 30, 2013 (UTC)Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Ranking polskich wiki Brakuj\u0105ce wiki w rankingu  Robot korzysta z listy wszystkich wiki znajduj\u0105cej si\u0119 tutaj. Je\u015bli twojej wiki nie ma na li\u015bcie lub w odpowiedniej kategorii mo\u017cesz to zg\u0142osi\u0107 na stronie dyskusji.Tabelki  Na czym polega \"rozwalanie si\u0119\", dzia\u0142a\u0142o pod Oper\u0105 9.63 i 10a, FF 3.0.6 i IE7 wi\u0119c powinno dzia\u0142a\u0107\u00a0:P. -- Nanaki 12:14, 25 lut 2009 (UTC)Nieaktywne projekty  Wydaje mi si\u0119, \u017ce wyrzucanie nieaktywnych Wikii z rankingu to z\u0142y pomys\u0142. W ten spos\u00f3b poniek\u0105d skazujemy je na wieczne zapomnienie (szczeg\u00f3lnie teraz, po usuni\u0119ciu bluebox\u00f3w). Przypuszczam, \u017ce ten ranking przegl\u0105da troch\u0119 os\u00f3b i by\u0107 mo\u017ce kto\u015b zainteresowa\u0142by si\u0119 tymi opuszczonymi stronami. Ewentualnie mo\u017cnaby je jako\u015b oznaczy\u0107 np. pochylon\u0105 czcionk\u0105. Obywatel 13:46, kwi 21, 2010 (UTC)Ossus  Ossus nie jest na serwerach Wikia wi\u0119c co on robi w rankingu? Crusjer dyskutuj! 11:24, kwi 26, 2010 (UTC) Na wiki StickWorld ju\u017c jest 66 artyku\u0142\u00f3w. - Glatorianin Gresh 16:41, pa\u017a 17, 2010 (UTC)Nieaktualne dane  Dzisiaj z ciekawo\u015bci chcia\u0142em zobaczy\u0107 ranking i okaza\u0142o si\u0119, i\u017c jest nie aktualny. Mo\u017cna zaktualizowa\u0107? Bundy91 13:34, gru 25, 2010 (UTC) StickWorld ma 138 artyk\u00f3\u0142\u00f3w. - Glatorianin Gresh 09:38, sty 10, 2011 (UTC)BLACK MEDIUM SQUARE Unicode: 25FC  Niby drobiazg ale dobrze by by\u0142o to jako\u015b rozwi\u0105za\u0107. Ot\u00f3\u017c w rankingach Wikii u\u017cywany jest (w rubryce: Miejsce) powy\u017cszy znak unicode z tablicy -> http://pl.wikisource.org/wiki/Unicode/25 . U mnie wszystkie inne znaki graficzne wy\u015bwietlaj\u0105 si\u0119 poprawnie opr\u00f3cz tego BLACK MEDIUM SQUARE Unicode: 25FC. Sprawdza\u0142em na najnowszym FF i starym IE6.0 na kilku r\u00f3\u017cnych kompach. Widocznie jest to jaki\u015b rzadko u\u017cywany znak i nie jest instalowany standardowo. Mo\u017ce go zamieni\u0107 na jaki\u015b bardziej popularny? Bo podejrzewam, \u017ce u wi\u0119kszo\u015bci internaut\u00f3w tak jest a nie wygl\u0105da to najlepiej. Electron PL \u30c4\u00a0\u27a7\u260e 19:07, lut 19, 2011 (UTC)A ten bot w og\u00f3le dzia\u0142a?  Brak aktualizacji od 2 tygodni... Electron PL \u30c4\u00a0\u27a7\u260e 10:11, lut 27, 2011 (UTC)Bot  Prosimy o naprawienie bota\u00a0;/ Mcgluszak 21:47, mar 14, 2011 (UTC)siema  a gdzie jest moja wikia w tabeli??naruto fanon i stargate wiki  prosz\u0119 o dodanie do rankingu tych dw\u00f3ch wiki: http://pl.stargate.wikia.com/wiki/Strona_g%C5%82%C3%B3wna http://pl.narutofanon.wikia.com/wiki/Naruto_Fanon_Wiki Brutus, ten od zdrady (Wal \u015bmia\u0142o!) 10:48, kwi 29, 2011 (UTC)Prosz\u0119 o dodadnie mojej wiki  Pla\u017ca Totalnej Pora\u017cki - Prosz\u0119 o dodanie mojej wiki do rankingu.Prosz\u0119 o dodadnie mojej wiki do rankingu  Pla\u017ca Totalnej Pora\u017cki - Prosz\u0119 o dodanie mojej wiki do rankingu.Aktualizacja rankingu  W zwi\u0105zku z brakiem aktualizacji, zaktualizowa\u0142em ca\u0142y ranking\u00a0:) Ca\u0142o\u015b\u0107 liczona jest przez skrypt wi\u0119c je\u015bli Nanaki nie b\u0119dzie w stanie zrobi\u0107 aktualizacje w kolejnych tygodniach, to r\u00f3wnie\u017c zaktualizuje ranking\u00a0:). Podrawiam Zck 20:10, lip 16, 2011 (UTC)Lingwistyka Wiki  Prosz\u0119 o dodanie do rankingu mojej encyklopedii: [1]. Dymitr 18:44, lip 31, 2011 (UTC)Co jest z t\u0105 aktualizacj\u0105?  Moja wikia Lingwistyka wiki ma ju\u017c 100 artyku\u0142\u00f3w, a ranking jest wci\u0105\u017c nieaktualny. Dymitr 10:01, sie 16, 2011 (UTC) Ranking dawno nie by\u0142 aktualizowany... \u2014Ponurak  17:08, lis 13, 2011 (UTC)Aktualizacja  M\u00f3g\u0142by kto\u015b zaktualizowa\u0107 ranking? Ju\u017c 10 dni min\u0119\u0142o od ostatniej aktualizacji. Don Chris 12:30, maj 29, 2012 (UTC)Dubel Naruto Wiki  Chyba przez pomy\u0142k\u0119 w:c:pl.naruto zosta\u0142a dodana po raz drugi, tym razem jako Naruto Online Wiki, przez co powsta\u0142o spore zamieszanie w rankingu. Ponurak  15:53, pa\u017a 6, 2012 (UTC) I tak samo z Centrum Pomocy. Baakamono  19:36, sty 15, 2013 (UTC)Gdzie znaczki?  Gdzie s\u0105 znaczki, kt\u00f3re pokazuj\u0105 czy wikia idzie w g\u00f3r\u0119, w d\u00f3\u0142 czy zostanie? PzM Fanfakty Wiki mia\u0142y zielony znaczek czyli winny i\u015b\u0107 w g\u00f3r\u0119 a spad\u0142y w d\u00f3\u0142. 08:06, lip 2, 2013 (UTC) Szenzii I like holidays! (kto pogada???) a gdzie lorax wiki? prosze o dodanie jej do listyAktualizacja  Kiedy odb\u0119dzie si\u0119 kolejna aktualizacja ranking\u00f3w? --Wf2002 (dyskusja) 12:20, sie 8, 2014 (UTC)Nazwa wiki  Zauwa\u017cy\u0142em, \u017ce rankingu jest \"Fanclub Bioncli Wiki\", podczas gdy powinno by\u0107 \"Fanclub Bionicle Wiki\"\u00a0:/ Voxovan 15:08, sie 8, 2014 (UTC)Ranking  Nie ma w nim XDD wiki. Prosz\u0119 o dodanie niej Toslaw1 (dyskusja) 17:27, lut 26, 2017 (UTC) Jak tu doda\u0107 t\u0105 wiki? O mnie \u00b7 Skontaktuj si\u0119 ze mn\u0105! \u00b7 Co wnios\u0142em do tej Wiki 09:03, kwi 30, 2018 (UTC)Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Nanaki Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci FAQ Czym jest Fandom?  Wikia, Inc. to firma za\u0142o\u017cona w w 2004 roku przez Jimmy'ego Walesa i Angel\u0119 Beesley. Kieruje ona Fandomem i innymi wiki. Fandom pozwala u\u017cytkownikom na tworzenie w\u0142asnych wiki dzia\u0142aj\u0105cych na oprogramowaniu MediaWiki. Na Fandomie, ka\u017cdy mo\u017ce utworzy\u0107 now\u0105 wiki w zgodzie z polityk\u0105 tworzenia wiki i zasadami u\u017cytkowania. Mo\u017cesz r\u00f3wnie\u017c zobaczy\u0107 artyku\u0142 w Wikipedii.Czym jest wiki?  Wiki to strony internetowe, dzia\u0142aj\u0105ce na silniku MediaWiki i pozwalaj\u0105ce u\u017cytkownikom w swobodny spos\u00f3b edytowa\u0107 zawarto\u015b\u0107. Zobacz WhatIsWiki aby uzyska\u0107 wi\u0119cej informacji. Mo\u017cesz r\u00f3wnie\u017c zobaczy\u0107 encyklopedyczn\u0105 definicj\u0119 w Wikipedii.Jak mog\u0119 edytowa\u0107?  Po prostu kliknij na przycisk Edytuj na g\u00f3rze kt\u00f3rejkolwiek strony. Poczytaj te\u017c strony pomocy lub skorzystaj z przewodnika.Czy musz\u0119 podawa\u0107 adres e-mail aby si\u0119 zarejestrowa\u0107?  Nie. Chcemy aby pocz\u0105tek przygody z wiki by\u0142 tak prosty i otwarty, jak to tylko mo\u017cliwe. Jednak\u017ce dobrze jest poda\u0107 sw\u00f3j adres e-mail, aby m\u00f3c odzyska\u0107 zapomniane has\u0142o. Za\u0142o\u017cyciele ka\u017cdej wiki s\u0105 ponadto namawiani do podania adresu e-mail, aby inni u\u017cytkownicy danej wiki mogli si\u0119 z nimi skontaktowa\u0107.Na jakim oprogramowaniu dzia\u0142a Fandom?  Wszystkie wiki u\u017cywaj\u0105 MediaWiki, silnika wiki na kt\u00f3rym dzia\u0142a r\u00f3wnie\u017c Wikipedia. Oprogramowanie MediaWiki jest dost\u0119pne na licencji GPL.Jak przeszukiwa\u0107 wiki?  Mo\u017cesz przeszukiwa\u0107 wiki u\u017cywaj\u0105c searchboxu znajduj\u0105cego si\u0119 po prawej stronie w nawigacji. Zobacz te\u017c MetaWikipedia:Help:Searching oraz Pomoc:Wyszukiwanie.Kto jest w\u0142a\u015bcicielem praw autorskich?  Prawa autorskie pozostaj\u0105 przy oryginalnym autorze, ale je\u015bli zdecydujesz si\u0119 umie\u015bci\u0107 co\u015b na Fandomie, jednocze\u015bnie zgadzasz si\u0119 z obj\u0119ciem tego licencj\u0105 CC-BY-SA. Oznacza to, \u017ce inni u\u017cytkownicy mog\u0105 modyfikowa\u0107 Twoj\u0105 prac\u0119, je\u015bli pozostaje to w zgodno\u015bci z licencj\u0105.Czym s\u0105 przestrzenie nazw?  Przestrzenie nazw s\u0142u\u017c\u0105 do wydzielenia r\u00f3\u017cnych typ\u00f3w tre\u015bci. Informacje o u\u017cytkownikach s\u0105 umieszczone w przestrzeni u\u017cytkownika. Oznacza to, \u017ce tytu\u0142 strony b\u0119dzie poprzedzony prefiksem U\u017cytkownik:. Przyk\u0142adowo, U\u017cytkownik:Jasonr to strona o Jasonie w przestrzeni nazw u\u017cytkownika. Zobacz Pomoc:Przestrze\u0144 nazw.Jak bardzo kompletny jest Fandom?  Poszczeg\u00f3lne wiki maj\u0105 r\u00f3\u017cny stopie\u0144 kompletno\u015bci. \u017badna wiki nie jest nigdy uko\u0144czona, poniewa\u017c zawsze jest otwarta na edycje w przysz\u0142o\u015bci.Kim jest administrator?  Administrator (tak\u017ce admin, sysop) to po prostu zaufany u\u017cytkownik, kt\u00f3re mo\u017ce kasowa\u0107 lub zabezpiecza\u0107 strony na wiki. Aby zobaczy\u0107 pe\u0142n\u0105 list\u0119 rzeczy, kt\u00f3re mo\u017ce wykona\u0107 administrator, zobacz stron\u0119 stron\u0119 specjalna:uprawnienia grup u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w. Aby zobaczy\u0107 list\u0119 admin\u00f3w na tej wiki, przejd\u017a na stron\u0119 specjalna:listadmins. Zobacz te\u017c Pomoc:Uprawnienia grup u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w.Czy mog\u0119 u\u017cywa\u0107 HTMLa na stronach wiki?  Tak, ale \u0142atwiej u\u017cywa\u0107 wikitekstu. Zobacz Pomoc:Wikitekst i Pomoc:HTML.Czy musz\u0119 mie\u0107 w\u0142\u0105czone cookies, aby u\u017cywa\u0107 Fandomu?  Tak, je\u015bli zamierzasz edytowa\u0107 po zalogowaniu na konto. Mo\u017cesz te\u017c wybra\u0107 edytowanie jako niezarejestrowany u\u017cytkownik, ale oznacza to, \u017ce kilka opcji b\u0119dzie dla Ciebie niedost\u0119pnych (np. przenoszenie stron). Zobacz: Pomoc:Tworzenie konta.Kto\u015b skasowa\u0142 dodane przeze mnie tre\u015bci. Co mam zrobi\u0107?  Je\u015bli Twoja edycja by\u0142a wandalizmem, mog\u0142a zosta\u0107 zrewertowana. Zobacz Pomoc:Rewert. Je\u015bli masz przekonanie, \u017ce cofni\u0119cie jej by\u0142o b\u0142\u0119dem, mo\u017ce om\u00f3wi\u0107 to na stronie dyskusji dotycz\u0105cej danego artyku\u0142u.Czy mog\u0119 u\u017cywa\u0107 tre\u015bci z Fandomu na swojej stronie?  Tak, tak d\u0142ugo jak przestrzegasz zasad licencji CC-BY-SA.Kto sprawdza edycje?  Ka\u017cdy u\u017cytkownik mo\u017ce sprawdzi\u0107 edycje. Zalogowani u\u017cytkownicy mog\u0105 patrolowa\u0107 ostatnie zmiany i zaznacza\u0107 sprawdzone edycje. Ka\u017cdy u\u017cytkownik mo\u017ce dokona\u0107 rewertu z\u0142ej edycji, ale administratorzy mog\u0105 to zrobi\u0107 znacznie \u0142atwiej, ni\u017c inni u\u017cytkownicy.Jak mog\u0119 u\u017cywa\u0107 link\u00f3w interwiki?  Linki na stronie mapy interwiki mog\u0105 by\u0107 u\u017cywane przez poprzedzenia linkiem s\u0142owa lub s\u0142\u00f3w b\u0119d\u0105cych tytu\u0142em docelowej strony. Przyk\u0142adowo, aby zrobi\u0107 link do wiki Meatball, mo\u017cesz wpisa\u0107 Meatball:OptimalSearching. Dla wiki w wielu j\u0119zykach mo\u017cesz u\u017cywa\u0107 link\u00f3w do innych wersji przez dodanie kodu j\u0119zyka na pocz\u0105tku linki. Przyk\u0142adowo Wikipedia:Fr:Accueil to link do francuskiej Wikipedii przez przekierowanie z http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/fr:Accueil Zobacz Pomoc:Linki interwiki.Czy mog\u0119 mie\u0107 tu prywatn\u0105 wiki?  Nie; Fandom dopuszcza tylko publiczne wiki. Zobacz polityk\u0105 tworzenia wiki.Czy mog\u0119 wybra\u0107 inn\u0105 licencj\u0119?  Mo\u017cesz udost\u0119pni\u0107 swoje edycje na kilku licencjach, ale musz\u0105 by\u0107 one kompatybilne z licencj\u0105 CC-BY-SA.Czy domena mo\u017ce nie mie\u0107 cz\u0142onu \"wikia\" w nazwie?  Mo\u017cesz przekierowa\u0107 inn\u0105 domen\u0119 do wiki, ale adres URL wiki musi zawiera\u0107 cz\u0142on wikia.com. Je\u015bli posiadasz ju\u017c du\u017cy projekt wiki w innej domenie, skontaktuj si\u0119 z nami, aby ustali\u0107 alternatywne rozwi\u0105zanie.Czy mog\u0119 mie\u0107 tymczasowe wiki?  Tak. Tak d\u0142ugo, jak wprowadzane przez Ciebie tre\u015bci nie \u0142ami\u0105 zasadami u\u017cytkowania, mo\u017cesz stworzy\u0107 tymczasow\u0105 wiki w scratchpadzie, pod adresem scratchpad.wikia.com.Czy musz\u0119 tworzy\u0107 nowe konto na ka\u017cdej wiki?  Nie, konta u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w s\u0105 zak\u0142adane jeden raz na ca\u0142ym Fandomie, tak wi\u0119c musisz za\u0142o\u017cy\u0107 konto tylko raz.Czy mog\u0119 przenie\u015b\u0107 istniej\u0105c\u0105 wiki na Fandom?  Tak, je\u015bli jego tre\u015b\u0107 jest udost\u0119pniona na licencji CC-BY-SA lub kompatybilnej.Czy mog\u0119 \u015bci\u0105gn\u0105\u0107 wiki stworzone na Fandomie?  Wszystkie wiki na Fandomie daj\u0105 mo\u017cliwo\u015b\u0107 \u015bci\u0105gni\u0119cia bazy danych. Zobacz Specjalna:Statystyka.Czy mog\u0119 skopiowa\u0107 na wiki tekst z innej strony?  Nie, je\u015bli nie jest dost\u0119pny na wolnej licencji. Zobacz licencjonowanie. Kopiowanie tekst\u00f3w z innych miejsc bez uzyskania zgody najcz\u0119\u015bciej prowadzi do tego, \u017ce tak dodane teksty zostaj\u0105 skasowane.Czy mog\u0119 zabezpiecza\u0107 strony na wiki?  Tylko w szczeg\u00f3lnych przypadkach. Zobacz Pomoc:Zabezpieczanie. Niepotrzebne zabezpieczanie stron jest cz\u0119st\u0105 pomy\u0142k\u0105.Czy mog\u0119 zablokowa\u0107 edycje niezalogowanych u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w?  Tak. Mo\u017cesz uniemo\u017cliwi\u0107 im edytowanie poprzez stron\u0119 rozszerze\u0144 wiki.Gdzie mog\u0119 zg\u0142osi\u0107 b\u0142\u0119dy (bugi)?  Najlepiej zrobi\u0107 to w korzystaj\u0105c ze strony Specjalna:Contact.Gdzie mog\u0119 dosta\u0107 wi\u0119cej pomocy?  Mo\u017cesz zada\u0107 pytanie na forum lub przejrze\u0107 Centrum Pomocy.Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Przejechana ryba Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Spotlight  Spotlighty to obrazy pojawiaj\u0105ce si\u0119 na ka\u017cdej wiki, w r\u00f3\u017cnych miejscach, reklamuj\u0105ce inne projekty spod bandery FANDOMU. Zwykle trwaj\u0105 kilka tygodni i s\u0105 wybierane oraz dodawane przez pracownik\u00f3w i wolontariuszy FANDOMU. Na tej stronie mo\u017cna zg\u0142asza\u0107 pro\u015bby o spotlight dla swojej wiki. Prosimy zapozna\u0107 si\u0119 z zasadami dotycz\u0105cymi wiki ubiegaj\u0105cymi si\u0119 o spotlight: Spotlighty dla tych wiki, kt\u00f3rych pro\u015bby zosta\u0142y zaakceptowane do 20. dnia ka\u017cdego miesi\u0105ca, pojawi\u0105 si\u0119 wraz z pierwsz\u0105 aktualizacj\u0105 techniczn\u0105 w nast\u0119pnym miesi\u0105cu. W przypadku wi\u0119kszej ilo\u015bci zaakceptowanych wiki, termin spotlightu mo\u017ce zosta\u0107 przesuni\u0119ty. Prosimy o cierpliwo\u015b\u0107. W celu optymalizacji rozmiaru i/lub jako\u015bci spotlight\u00f3w, niekt\u00f3re obrazy mog\u0105 w ostatecznej wersji nieznacznie r\u00f3\u017cni\u0107 si\u0119 od tych sugerowanych przez zg\u0142aszaj\u0105cego.Arrowwersum  Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119kuj\u0119! szynka013  22:06, sty 2, 2018 (UTC)Black Lightning Wiki  Z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119kuj\u0119! szynka013  22:06, sty 2, 2018 (UTC)Tokyo Ghoul Wiki Star Wars Fanonpedia Boku no Hero Academia Wiki  Xardan 12:54, maj 30, 2018 (UTC)Plants vs. Zombies Wiki  Traszkka Napisz! 17:31, cze 6, 2018 (UTC)Star Wars Fanonpedia Hearthstone Wiki  \u2014\u300cDeXart\u300dRiordanopedia  Czytaj\u0105ca\u00a009:56, lip 12, 2018 (UTC)Europa Song Contest Wiki  Sebolaaa 21:03, lip 13, 2018 (UTC)Dead Cells Wiki  Rail  08:08, sie 7, 2018 (UTC)Simpsons Wiki  Alexus242 19:41, sie 7, 2018 (UTC)CKo Gaming Wiki Harry Potter Wiki  Edit: Edytowane o podpis.\nAlice (dyskusja) 12:21, lis 5, 2018 (UTC)Z\u0142oczy\u0144cy Wiki  Xardan 16:44, lis 22, 2018 (UTC)Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Sovq  Cze\u015b\u0107! Jestem Sovq, w 2012 i 2013 by\u0142em helperem na Wikii. Obecnie jestem nieco mniej aktywny, ale nadal ch\u0119tnie zaprojektuj\u0119 logo czy t\u0142o dla Twojej wiki\u00a0;). U\u017cywam tak\u017ce drugiego konta, Sovbot, s\u0142u\u017c\u0105cego do wykonywania zautomatyzowanych edycji przy u\u017cyciu bota.Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Najpopularniejsze wiki Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Administratorzy  Administratorzy Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci \u2013 zaufani u\u017cytkownicy b\u0119d\u0105cy cz\u0142onkami polskoj\u0119zycznej spo\u0142eczno\u015bci FANDOMU. Zadaniem administrator\u00f3w jest utrzymywanie porz\u0105dku na Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci i pomoc spo\u0142eczno\u015bci w zakresie niewymagaj\u0105cym interwencji staff\u00f3w. Administratorzy, z wyj\u0105tkiem helper\u00f3w, nie maj\u0105 globalnych uprawnie\u0144 (to znaczy, \u017ce s\u0105 administratorami tylko na Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci i ew. na kilku innych wikiach, gdzie s\u0105 cz\u0142onkami lokalnej administracji). Kontakt z administracj\u0105 mo\u017ce odby\u0107 si\u0119 przez forum lub czat. Na stronach dyskusji admin\u00f3w zaleca si\u0119 za\u0142atwianie tylko spraw prywatnych, a nie tych dotycz\u0105cych pomocy \u2014 \u017ceby ka\u017cdy m\u00f3g\u0142 z niej skorzysta\u0107, takie sprawy za\u0142atwia si\u0119 na forum lub odpowiednich stronach wsparcia. Na Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci, w celu u\u0142atwienia wyszukiwania, nicki administrator\u00f3w wyr\u00f3\u017cnione s\u0105 br\u0105zowym kolorem, a nicki helper\u00f3w \u2014 zielonym.Zasady powo\u0142ywania administrator\u00f3w  Decyzje na temat powo\u0142ywania i odwo\u0142ywania administrator\u00f3w podejmuje helper, biurokrata lub pracownik FANDOMU. Je\u015bli zajdzie potrzeba powo\u0142ania nowego administratora, a osoba o wy\u017cej wymienionych uprawnieniach uzna, \u017ce kt\u00f3ry\u015b u\u017cytkownik powinien uzyska\u0107 dodatkowe uprawnienia, og\u0142asza on(a) ten fakt na tej stronie. Nast\u0119pnie przez okres dw\u00f3ch tygodni mo\u017cna zadawa\u0107 kandydatowi na administratora pytania lub zg\u0142asza\u0107 ewentualne uwagi, co do jego nominacji. W okresie tym sam kandydat powinien r\u00f3wnie\u017c potwierdzi\u0107 ch\u0119\u0107 zostania administratorem. Okres ten mo\u017ce zosta\u0107 skr\u00f3cony, je\u015bli nie pojawi\u0105 si\u0119 \u017cadne istotne uwagi dotycz\u0105ce kandydata lub je\u015bli zajdzie pilna potrzeba powo\u0142ania nowego administratora. Po up\u0142ywie tego okresu mo\u017cna nada\u0107 kandydatowi uprawnienia administratora. Dyskusja ma charakter wy\u0142\u0105cznie doradczy, decyzja o nadaniu uprawnie\u0144 w pe\u0142ni nale\u017cy do helpera, biurokraty lub pracownika FANDOMU. Do nich nale\u017cy r\u00f3wnie\u017c zg\u0142asza\u0107 ewentualne skargi na obecnych administrator\u00f3w.Kandydatury  Obecnie Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci nie poszukuje nowych administrator\u00f3w. Je\u015bli rozpocznie si\u0119 proces rekrutacji, informacja o tym pojawi si\u0119 tutaj.Zobacz te\u017c Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Przejechana ryba/archiwum1 Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci:Administratorzy#Aktualne_kandydatury  Odpisa\u0142em Ci tam\u017ce. -- Nef  (talk) 17:57, 28 gru 2008 (UTC)Re: Wiki a Wikia  No nie wiem... Gdyby by\u0142a kategoria \"Wiki miesi\u0105ca\", to nie by\u0142oby problemu. Ale jest kategoria \"Wikia miesi\u0105ca\". To jak? Po\u0142owa linka w rodzaju \u017ce\u0144skim, a po\u0142owa w nijakim? Je\u015bli oficjalna nazwa to naprawd\u0119 Wiki, to chyba lepiej przenie\u015b\u0107 kategori\u0119. Ale jeste\u015b tego pewien? Nigdy nie s\u0142ysza\u0142em o takim podziale.\u00a0;) 20:28, 17 sty 2009 (UTC)Strona g\u0142\u00f3wna a zabezpieczenia  Dobra odblokuje stron\u0119 (i kilka innych). Proponuje za ka\u017cdy kolejny wandalizm blokowa\u0107 tego m\u0105drego np. na 24h. --Gudy\u015b 13:54, 20 sty 2009 (UTC)Pomoc:Zmiana nazwy strony  Nie wiem kiedy za\u0142o\u017cy\u0142e\u015b konto ale wydaje mi si\u0119 \u017ce przed po\u0142ow\u0105 wrze\u015bnia roku 2008. Przed po\u0142ow\u0105 owego wrze\u015bnia nie istnia\u0142a taka grupa u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w jak Automatycznie zatwierdzeni u\u017cytkownicy (aktualizacja oprogramowania), wi\u0119c dobrze tama napisa\u0142em. Wikia aktualizuje oprogramowanie rzadziej ni\u017c projekty Wikimedia (korzysta z oficjalnych wersji) --Gudy\u015b 13:26, 24 sty 2009 (UTC)Re:user:Gudy\u015b/brodnopis2  Nie. Zapomnia\u0142em usun\u0105\u0107. --Gudy\u015b 18:32, 26 lut 2009 (UTC)MediaWiki:Anonnotice  Proponuj\u0119 usun\u0105\u0107 ten komunikat (przywr\u00f3ci\u0107 wersj\u0119 domy\u015bln\u0105). Obecnie dziwnie brzmi i odstrasza ipeki --Gudy\u015b 17:44, 15 mar 2009 (UTC)Dyskusja u\u017cytkownika:Gudy\u015b#T\u0142umaczenie \"hab\u00f3w\"  Jak chcesz to mo\u017cesz si\u0119 tym zaj\u0105\u0107. Ja korzystam z monobooka, wi\u0119c nie wiem o co chodzi. --Gudy\u015b 12:27, 16 mar 2009 (UTC)Wikia travel  Hi! You made a contribution on w:fr:Accueil and I follow this trace until here... I'm Cywil a french administrator of w:fr:Accueil, w:c:fr.answers and w:c:monde. Do you know w:c:world? This page particulary should interest you. Do you speak french? You should contribute on this one! See you soon Cywil 06:40, 30 mar 2009 (UTC)Skvarlih Wiki i Gropedia  Pomy\u015ble, pogadam z Contim i zobaczymy\u00a0:) Skvarlih 09:37, 18 kwi 2009 (UTC)1.14 bugs  Czo\u0142em, b\u0142\u0105d z &#32 poprawi\u0142em przed chwil\u0105. Ten drugi problem jest zg\u0142oszony w naszym systemie \u015bledzenia bug\u00f3w, je\u015bli jeszcze nie znikn\u0105\u0142, powinien zostac poprawiony niebawem. Dzi\u0119ki za zg\u0142oszenie.\u00a0;) --TOR 15:01, 24 kwi 2009 (UTC)SOS - save our strony (-;  Nie-en strony s\u0105 przenoszone z www.wikia do wersji narodowych. Czy mo\u017cesz/mo\u017cecie przegrzeba\u0107 http://www.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Pomoc oraz http://www.wikia.com/index.php?title=Special%3APrefixIndex&from=&namespace=102 i zobaczy\u0107 co z tego warto przenie\u015b\u0107 do pl.wiki? Zapewne kiedy\u015b zostan\u0105 skasowane i mo\u017ce szkoda. -- Nef  (talk) 19:25, 30 kwi 2009 (UTC)Storczyki  Witam. Dzi\u0119kuj\u0119 za zainteresowanie. Dopiero raczkuj\u0119 i to jak po\u0142amany bo nie znam si\u0119 na tym i dzia\u0142am na zasadzie pr\u00f3b i b\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w. Chociaz kiedy\u015b ju\u017c tworzy\u0142em strony w HTML np ta www.53pdh.rox.pl Jak mam rozumie\u0107 kwest\u0119 kategoryzacji bo jest mi to obce? oraz czy reklam\u0105 s\u0105 linki do stron for\u00f3w, sklep\u00f3w itd? Bo akurat te linki s\u0105 jedyn\u0105 szans\u0105 na rozpowszechnienie wikii moim zdaniem w\u015br\u00f3d pasjonat\u00f3w tych ro\u015blin. No i zwi\u0119kszaj\u0105 szanse pozycjonowania strony. Kompletnie nie rozumiem ani jednego, ani drugiego. Dzi\u0119kuj\u0119 Ci za cenne rady. Jestem dozgonnie wdzi\u0119czny! A kwestia? \"Spotlight Wikia\" Jak to stworzy\u0107 i co jak si\u0119 ju\u017c stworzy? Volcowitch 17:08, 29 maj 2009 (UTC) Chodzi mi o to \"Spotlight Wikia\" Volcowitch 17:23, 29 maj 2009 (UTC) Jak usun\u0105\u0107 kategori\u0119? Jak usun\u0105\u0107 dokument z kategorii? Czy kategoria mo\u017ce by\u0107 pusta? Jak stworzy\u0107 pust\u0105 kategori\u0119?Polish starter  Hi, I'd like to ask you if you might help out building up the Polish starter - it's the wiki which gets imported while a new Polish wiki is created. We have currently some starters running, and would like to improve the Polish one, so that we can put it live. So please contact me if you'd like to have further information or if you want to start directly\u00a0:) I'm hoping that you'll help us, and if you won't please search for people (ask some Polish users) who are interested in building it up! Thanks in advance, I'm looking forward to your answer. Regards, Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper @ Wikia (Talk) 18:30, 2 cze 2009 (UTC)Tobipedia Dzisiejsze zwolnienie  Heja, mieli\u015bmy probelm z konfiguracj\u0105 serwer\u00f3w cache. Ju\u017c powinno by\u0107 lepiej. Przepraszamy za utrudnienia. -- TOR 10:14, 28 lip 2009 (UTC)Nadmierne bananiarstwo  W sumie to ca\u0142kowicie zapomnia\u0142em, \u017ce Neo rotuje IP co 24h wi\u0119c nie ma sensu blokowa\u0107 na d\u0142u\u017cej, dzi\u0119ki za przypomnienie\u00a0:P --U\u017cytkownik:Nanaki/sig 15:22, 29 lip 2009 (UTC)Starter  Great work! Welcome template, you mean like in the English version? (for the bot Wikia) It's located in some places, if you wish, I could give you the texts and make them available everywhere. This would include 4 Texts, one large, and 3 smaller ones. The long text is here. I can give you the other ones, if you wish (we need those 4 for enabling it). Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  16:19, 2 sie 2009 (UTC) Hello $2, The Wikia you created is now available at <$1>. We hope to see you editing there soon! We've added some information and tips on your user talk Page (<$5>) to help you get started. If you have any questions, just reply to this email or browse our help pages at <http://help.wikia.com>. Good luck with the project, $3 Wikia Community Team <http://www.wikia.com/wiki/User:$4> Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  16:37, 2 sie 2009 (UTC) Ok, so I've passed this. I have for first the welcome tool, you might translate that? Directly into the redlinks. The redlink belongs to the next section (I'll try to do that always like that, but not sure I can do). You find it here: [1]. Thanks a lot! (Next may be edittools, I miss them here) Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  09:58, 3 sie 2009 (UTC)Interesting for you  I've created this here, you can link that template via using . (Looks better in starter and is easier to keep up to date.) Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  10:21, 3 sie 2009 (UTC)more translations  Ok, very fine\u00a0:) User Wikia is maybe... a little bit low? (I imagine some parts are missing?) Ok, I'll pick out the next one. You may add some more text to User Wikia and I'll create the next page. Deal?\u00a0:) Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  13:23, 3 sie 2009 (UTC)Portal spo\u0142eczno\u015bci  Nie wiem, czy to potrzebne i co z tym robicie, ale na angielskiej centrali to odrobin\u0119 inaczej wygl\u0105da. Pewnie to g\u0142upio zabrzmi, ale zr\u00f3bcie co\u015b z tym\u00a0:) Kracok 20:56, 9 sie 2009 (UTC)Digimon Universe  Witam. Zauwa\u017cy\u0142em \u017ce zostawi\u0142e\u015b g\u0142os na \"nie\" w g\u0142osowaniu na za\u0142o\u017con\u0105 przeze mnie Wiki\u0119 (Digimon Universe). W sumie umie\u015bci\u0142em kandydatur\u0119 na Wiki\u0119 miesi\u0105ca nie by wygra\u0107, ale by zobaczy\u0107 co jeszcze mog\u0119 tam poprawi\u0107. Dlatego by\u0142bym wdzi\u0119czny za uzasadnienie. Pozdrawiam Final_Cannon 17:41, 15 sie 2009 (UTC)Hej!  Wygl\u0105da na to, \u017ce mnie odnalaz\u0142e\u015b w g\u0105szczu internetu... Niestety, chyba nie wr\u00f3c\u0119 na Nons\u0119. Zreszt\u0105 zabezpieczam niekt\u00f3re artyku\u0142y SPECJALNIE, np. Goat Sex. Przecie\u017c ka\u017cdy wandal mo\u017ce tu wstawi\u0107 hello.jpg, a w\u0142a\u015bnie powo\u0142uj\u0119 \"Goatsebusters\" na mojej Wikii. {{subst:user:Kubi718/podpis}} 10:08, 18 sie 2009 (UTC)WYSIWYG  Hi, I just finnished copying the VET messages. Great work! It all comes together within the WYSIWYG - a graphic editor. I've linked the messages. I hope you and/or other admins translate them in a while, I'm looking forward to it (no hurry, just and of August would be great.)! Regards, Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  15:09, 18 sie 2009 (UTC)H\u0119?  Misiek, jak ju\u017c wiesz, m\u00f3j projekt Kubipedia Wiki powoli si\u0119 rozwija. I mam jeno jedno pytanie - jak tworzy\u0107 przestrzenie nazw, tak jak na Nonsensopedii macie Gr\u0119, NonNews czy Non\u017ar\u00f3d\u0142a? Kubi718 21:02, 29 sie 2009 (UTC)More wysiwyg  Hi there... here are some missing translations (they weren't on the list last time). You might do them? Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  10:35, wrz 7, 2009 (UTC)Some of the most current translations  You can choose with what you start. Feel free, to tell other users to work on it too. See [2]. Welcome tool is ok, but [3] needs a more detailed translation as well. MediaWiki:User Wikia. Thank you for all your work! Marc-Philipp (Mta\u00c4) Helper (Talk)  09:38, wrz 13, 2009 (UTC)Wiadomo\u015b\u0107 kt\u00f3r\u0105 mozna ukry\u0107  http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/League_of_Legends_Wiki Jak zrobi\u0107 takie pole kt\u00f3re mo\u017cna ukry\u0107 jak w tej wikii?Volcowitch 17:45, wrz 29, 2009 (UTC) Dok\u0142adnie o To chodzi. Dzi\u0119ki.Yo!  Dzisiaj nie dam rady, ale jutro by\u0107 mo\u017ce si\u0119 zjawi\u0119. Do przeczytania. --TOR 12:24, pa\u017a 5, 2009 (UTC)Spam/wandalizm  Sp\u00f3jrz tutaj: Retrosis. Nie mog\u0142em doda\u0107 szablonu {{I}} bo zadzia\u0142a\u0142 filtr antyspamowy. Final_Cannon 23:24, pa\u017a 6, 2009 (UTC)Krypta  Hmm. Trudna sprawa, bo wi\u0119kszo\u015b\u0107 grafik znajduje si\u0119 na The Vault, a polscy u\u017cytkownicy niezbyt orientowaliby si\u0119 z szablonami. W najbli\u017cszym czasie rozwa\u017c\u0119 spraw\u0119 szablon\u00f3w. I dzi\u0119kuj\u0119 za s\u0142owa uznania\u00a0:DWandal  Heja, doda\u0142em wpisan\u0105 fraz\u0119 do naszego filtra antyspamowego, zw\u0142aszcza, \u017ce pojawi\u0142a si\u0119 dwa razy na stronie. Nie powinno si\u0119 to powt\u00f3rzy\u0107. A przynajmniej nie dok\u0142adnie w tej formie TOR 21:09, pa\u017a 18, 2009 (UTC)Licencja @indiana jones  Odpowiedzia\u0142em Ci na mojej stronie tam\u017ce. -- Nef  (talk) 10:13, pa\u017a 26, 2009 (UTC) Przepraszam najmocniej,ale nie m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b powiadomi\u0107 Ppiotra \u017ce na Biowiki musi da\u0107 Disiowi Prawa Biurokraty!--DARNOK 2pro\u015bba o pomoc  Witam. Dzisiaj postawi\u0142em moja wiki. Mam problem z poprawn\u0105 konfiguracj\u0105 czy mogliby\u015bcie mi pom\u00f3c? ustawilem w LocalSettings.php: $wgGroupPermissions['*']['createaccount']= false; # Wy\u0142\u0105czenie anonimowym u\u017cytkownikom dost\u0119pu do okna rejestracyjnego $wgGroupPermissions['user']['createaccount']= false; # Wy\u0142\u0105czenie zarejestrowanym u\u017cytkownikom dost\u0119pu do okna rejestracyjnego $wgGroupPermissions['sysop']['createaccount'] = true; # Dodanie grupie 'admin' prawa tworzenia kont $wgGroupPermissions['sysop']['userrights'] = true; # Dodanie administratorowi prawa zarz\u0105dzania uprawnieniami u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w Loguj\u0105c sie jako admin moge zmienia\u0107 prawa userow kt\u00f3rych podam w wiki, ale w kt\u00f3rym miejscu mog\u0119 doda\u0107 nowego usera?? wydaje mi sie ze (['sysop']['createaccount'] = true) powinno pozwoli\u0107 mi na dodawanie nowych userow.. gdzie jak prosze o wskazowki od do\u015bwiadczonych administrator\u00f3w. PAwelWikia Miesi\u0105ca  Jaki b\u0142\u0105d za b\u0142\u0119dem? By\u0142bym wdzi\u0119czny gdyby\u015b powiedzia\u0142 o co chodzi. Final_Cannon 08:32, gru 21, 2009 (UTC)Lara Croft Tomb Raider Wiki  cze\u015b\u0107 misiek! co zrobi\u0107 aby ustawione t\u0142o si\u0119 nie powiela\u0142o? [4] i jak zmieni\u0107 okienko \"Spis tre\u015bci\" z bia\u0142ego na jasnozielony? [5] z g\u00f3ry dzi\u0119ki za pomoc! --Lechu15 13:44, gru 31, 2009 (UTC)Zmiana nazwy  Czy mo\u017cna zmieni\u0107 jako\u015b\u0107 nazw\u0119 konta na Wiki? Jeden z moich kumpli zastanawia si\u0119 nad tym, a nie wie do kogo si\u0119 zwroci\u0107 --Jeremskire:user:Kinrepok/Brudnopis  Dzi\u0119ki\u00a0:). Kinrepok 11:40, sty 19, 2010 (UTC)Ranking Wikii Miejskich  Od wtedy, kiedy zgodzi si\u0119 administrator wy\u017cszy rang\u0105 od Ciebie!!! Dlaczego wikie o miejscowo\u015bciach mamy traktowa\u0107 na r\u00f3wni z informatycznymi lub astronomicznymi??? Spraw\u0119 rozpatrzy starszy Administrator. Krzysiekje 20:58, sty 22, 2010 (UTC)Ranking PL Wikii  Ba\u0142em si\u0119 przywraca\u0107 wcze\u015bniejszej wersji, bo po z\u0142ej zmianie kto\u015b co\u015b jeszcze zmienia\u0142 i nie chcia\u0142em utraci\u0107 danych. A co zrobi\u0142em, \u017ce takie krzaczki? Nie wiem\u00a0:D Dopisa\u0142em tylko swoj\u0105 opini\u0119. Samo si\u0119 tamto zrobi\u0142o hehe... Krzysiekje 14:24, sty 25, 2010 (UTC)Re:Wikibiblioteka  Dzi\u0119ki za uwag\u0119. My\u015bla\u0142em, \u017ce szablon mo\u017cna usun\u0105\u0107, je\u015bli kto\u015b jest aktywny. A tu musi by\u0107 aktywny admin. Ok, dzi\u0119ki za info. Kinrepok 05:44, lut 9, 2010 (UTC)Rankingi wg kategorii Zmiany w starterze  Czo\u0142em! Pewnie zauwa\u017cy\u0142e\u015b, \u017ce sporo pozmienia\u0142em w polskim starterze. Kr\u00f3tkie podsumowanie intencji staj\u0105cych za zmianami: St\u0105d do\u015b\u0107 drastyczne ci\u0119cia. W paru przypadkach mog\u0142em si\u0119 zagalopowa\u0107, jutro b\u0119d\u0119 jeszcze wszystko przegl\u0105da\u0142 na spokojnie, \u017ceby sprawdzi\u0107, czy co\u015b nie polecia\u0142o przypadkiem nadmiarowo. Szkoda, \u017ce troch\u0119 Twojej pracy wylecia\u0142o, ale wierz\u0119, \u017ce zmiany przys\u0142u\u017c\u0105 si\u0119 nowym wiki.\u00a0:) --TOR 01:04, lut 25, 2010 (UTC)Usuwanie opis\u00f3w Wikii  Dlaczego usun\u0105\u0142e\u015b opis mojej Wikii (Digimon Universe)? Widz\u0119, \u017ce opisy innych Wikii ca\u0142y czas s\u0105. I co to za opis \"usuwanie blueboks\u00f3w\"? Bardzo prosz\u0119 o wyja\u015bnienie. Final_Cannon 16:41, mar 2, 2010 (UTC)Zupa ze Slonsko  Dlaczego usunales artykul \"Zupa ze Slonsko\"? W powodzie wpisano \"Jedyny autor [moje IP]\". Prosze o wyjasnienie. NT 16:08, mar 6, 2010 (UTC)Admin na Bionicle'ach  Pewnie nie jestem Ci znany. C\u00f3\u017c, chodzi mniej wi\u0119cej o to, by na wikii Bionicle by\u0142 porz\u0105dek. Admin mianowany przez Ppiotra nie wywi\u0105zuje si\u0119, wi\u0119c prosz\u0119 Ci\u0119 o pomoc. Ot\u00f3\u017c zrobili\u015bmy wybory admin\u00f3w (wiem, \u017ce mianowany nie ma biurokraty), a Ppiotr nic nie zrobi\u0142. My\u015bl\u0119, \u017ce masz jakie\u015b prawa i co\u015b z tym zrobisz. Pozdrawiam.-Krzyk 07:30, kwi 8, 2010 (UTC)Re: Fail Re:user:Kinrepok/Lista wikii  Mo\u017ce si\u0119 nie uda zgromadzi\u0107 wszystkich Wikii, jednak\u017ce taki katalog dla mo\u017ce si\u0119 przyda\u0107 dla os\u00f3b poszukuj\u0105cych projekty zwi\u0105zanie z jego hobby lub nam po prostu do ranking\u00f3w. Kinrepok 16:49, maj 3, 2010 (UTC)Spotlight  Witam. Wiesz mo\u017ce co zrobi\u0107, \u017ceby taki banner pojawia\u0142 si\u0119 jako reklama na dole wikii? Przejrza\u0142em ten artyku\u0142, skontaktowa\u0142em si\u0119 ze staffem wed\u0142ug podanych tam wskaz\u00f3wek, a w odpowiedzi kazali mi przeczyta\u0107 ten sam artyku\u0142 i skontaktowa\u0107 si\u0119 ze staffem\u00a0:). Elkociak (napisz do mnie) 02:16, maj 8, 2010 (UTC)Ranking  Nie mia\u0142em jak tego zrobi\u0107 w sobot\u0119 i zapomnia\u0142em\u00a0:P. Robi si\u0119 w tej chwili. --U\u017cytkownik:Nanaki/sig 12:10, maj 17, 2010 (UTC)Skype  Jak bot odpowiada to skype dzia\u0142a tylko bot antyspamowy niezbyt\u00a0:P. Ale i tak na razie nie ma to znaczenia bo mi karta graficzna siad\u0142a i si\u0119 przeprowadzam na drugiego kompa wi\u0119c najlepszym kontaktem w tej chwili jest wiki. --U\u017cytkownik:Nanaki/sig 15:34, maj 28, 2010 (UTC)Edycje  Jestem Vox22 z Encyklopedii Bionicle. Mam pewn\u0105 spraw\u0119, mianowicie: 10 minut temu mia\u0142em 2 487 edycji, a teraz mam 2 325 edycji. Co si\u0119 dzieje? Lord Vox 15:47, cze 12, 2010 (UTC) Dobra, dzi\u0119ki. Ju\u017c rozumiem. Lord Vox 15:50, cze 12, 2010 (UTC)tworzenie nowej wiki  Cze\u015b\u0107, jestem nowy na wiki, pr\u00f3buje zrobi\u0107 now\u0105 strone ale nie wiem co i jak. Szukam ludzi kt\u00f3rzy by mi pomogli w zrobieniu tej wiki, mam do\u015b\u0107 du\u017co pomys\u0142\u00f3w ale nie umiem tego wcieli\u0107 w \u017cycie. Mo\u017ce jako\u015b by\u015b mi pom\u00f3g\u0142? Adres mojej wiki to: http://pl.carmageddon.wikia.com/wiki/Carmageddon_WikiDr.  Prosz\u0119 o usuni\u0119cie U\u017cytkownika:Lajon$$/operamini. Wypadek przy pracy\u00a0:p User:Lajon$$ 20:15, sie 12, 2010 (UTC)Kolory  Zauwa\u017cy\u0142em, \u017c\u0119 na stronie domowej twoja nazwa u\u017cytkownika wy\u015bwietla si\u0119 na zielono... Mam  pytanie: mo\u017cna to ustawi\u0107, czy to jest zwi\u0105zane z prawami na wikiach? Vezok999 21:49, sie 18, 2010 (UTC) Adminem jestem, wi\u0119c dost\u0119p mam. Tylko tak: kaza\u0142e\u015b mi skopiowa\u0107 z Commona/kolory, tylko gdzie to mam wstawi\u0107? Na Common.css u mnie czy na Common.css./koory? PS: tej drugiej nie by\u0142o dotychczas Vezok999 11:05, sie 19, 2010 (UTC) Dzi\u0119ki. Mo\u017cesz mi tylko powiedzie\u0107, jak zmienia\u0107 kolor? O ile to mo\u017cliwe Vezok999 14:09, sie 19, 2010 (UTC) Wiem o tym systemie kolor\u00f3w od p\u00f3\u0142 roku, tylko \u017ce ja korzysta\u0142em z tego http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kolory_w_Internecie, I zanim si\u0119 jeszcze zapyta\u0142em, to ustawi\u0142em kolor ciemny pomara\u0144czowy, a przynajmniej spr\u00f3bowa\u0142em go ustawi\u0107. Co\u015b nie wysz\u0142o Vezok999 15:57, sie 19, 2010 (UTC)wznawiam w\u0105tek  wznawiam w\u0105tek o nieaktywnym adminie, bo nie odpisa\u0142 przez kilka dni odpisz mi na forum\u00a0:) przy tej adaptowaniu wikii to trzeba zg\u0142osi\u0107 podanie po angielsku? GothicWarrior 17:20, sie 27, 2010 (UTC)GothicWarrior aha spoko tylko mam nadzieje, \u017ce moje podanie wezn\u0105 powaznie jest uda\u0142o si\u0119 dzi\u0119ki PS: umiesz robi\u0107 szablony, bo mi to jako nie wychodzi, a przyda\u0142oby si\u0119? to mo\u017cesz mi powiedzie\u0107 jak skopiowa\u0107/umie\u015bci\u0107 ten szablon: http://powerrangers.wikia.com/wiki/Template%3APower_Ranger_infobox na mojej wikii? sorki za g\u0142upie pytanie, ale gdzie jest to <div> co\u015b tam, bo powiedzia\u0142e\u015b, \u017ce mam wkleji\u0107 dane z szalona tam? aha rozumiem czyli t\u0105 tre\u015b\u0107 ze szablonu to utworzy\u0107 na mojej wikii jako artyku\u0142 tak? kurde no nie wychodzi mi to\u00a0:( nie m\u00f3g\u0142by\u015b tego za mnie zrobi\u0107? destignation to jest pewnie tytu\u0142 rangera, wi\u0119c napisz tytu\u0142, a co do species to jest rasa/gatunek, wi\u0119c napisz gatunek, bo lepiej brzmi wielkie dzi\u0119ki ziomekBot  Poprawione --U\u017cytkownik:Nanaki/sig 16:51, sie 28, 2010 (UTC)Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci Wikia miesi\u0105ca/archiwum  Z powodu braku odzewu na moje pytania/pro\u015bby co do zmiany Wiki miesi\u0105ca bior\u0119 sprawy we w\u0142asne r\u0119ce\u00a0:D Proponuje na \"Wiki\u0119 miesi\u0105ca\" da\u0107 Sailor Moon Wiki. Oto link: A teraz troch\u0119 danej o niej i dlaczego my\u015bl\u0119, \u017ce ona si\u0119 nadaje na Wiki Miesi\u0105ca. Wiki ta wystartowa\u0142a 26 czerwca 2007 i jest ma dzi\u015b 208 artyku\u0142\u00f3w. Jest ona encyklopedi\u0105 o anime (japo\u0144ka bajka) \"Czarodziejka z Ksi\u0119\u017cyca\" (czyli \"Sailor Moon\"). Co prawda s\u0105 w niej strony te\u017c o mandze, serialu aktorskim i musicalach zwi\u0105zanych w Czarodziejk\u0105 z Ksi\u0119\u017cyca ale g\u0142\u00f3wnie jest o anime, Jestem pewna, \u017ce ka\u017cdy je kojarzy, mo\u017ce nie nazwy ale cho\u0107 pami\u0119ta czarodziejk\u0119 w sp\u00f3dniczce mini walcz\u0105c\u0105 ze z\u0142em tego \u015bwiata\u00a0:P \"W imieniu Ksi\u0119\u017cyca, ukarz\u0119 ci\u0119!\" Kolorowe, du\u017co przemian, atak\u00f3w, \u015bmiesznych scen. Kojarzycie? Je\u015bli nie to mo\u017ce to niekt\u00f3rym od\u015bwie\u017cy pami\u0119\u0107: Anime \"Czarodziejka z Ksi\u0119\u017cyca\" Monilip:) 13:15, 1 mar 2008 (UTC) Na Polsacie by\u0142o emitowane 1997 - 1999 oraz ponownie w 2000 - 2001. Od tego w Polsce zacz\u0105\u0142 si\u0119 \"bum\" na anime (czyli np. \"Dragon Ball\" czy \"Pokemony\") Czy kto\u015b jeszcze uwa\u017ca \u017ce Sailor Moon Wiki zas\u0142uguje by j\u0105 da\u0107 na stron\u0119 g\u0142\u00f3wn\u0105 pl.wikia jako Wikia miesi\u0105ca?? Prosz\u0119 o g\u0142osy! Bo tak ca\u0142kiem samowolnie nie chc\u0119 tego zmienia\u0107\u00a0:P Monilip:) 17:09, 24 lut 2008 (UTC)Mas\u0142o Ma\u015blane.  Gdy np. dwie wikie zosta\u0142y zg\u0142oszone do g\u0142osowania, mo\u017cna zag\u0142osowa\u0107 na obie. Nale\u017cy jednak pami\u0119ta\u0107, \u017ce na ka\u017cd\u0105 wiki\u0119 mo\u017cna zag\u0142osowa\u0107 tylko raz. \nIdoreconise 16:46, 27 sty 2009 (UTC)Remis?  W tej chwili mamy sytuacj\u0119 remisow\u0105, tzn. +1 na Warszawiki\u0119 i +1 na Juvepedi\u0119. Za\u0142\u00f3\u017cmy, \u017ce to si\u0119 nie zmieni do ko\u0144ca miesi\u0105ca. Co wtedy robimy? Moja propozycja jest taka \u2013 wygrywa ta Wiki, na kt\u00f3r\u0105 oddano \u0142\u0105cznie wi\u0119cej g\u0142os\u00f3w, a je\u017celi i tu jest remis, wtedy jeden projekt jest przez po\u0142ow\u0119 miesi\u0105ca, a drugi przez kolejn\u0105 po\u0142ow\u0119. Misiek  09:25, 15 lut 2009 (UTC) Ja uwa\u017cam \u017ce to nie jest dobry pomys\u0142, ale lepszego nie mam, wi\u0119c je\u017celi tak zostanie, to niech tak b\u0119dzie Astrorek 16:05, 15 lut 2009 (UTC)Ma\u0142a propozycja Inna propozycja Reaktywacja wikii miesi\u0105ca  Mo\u017ce by tak reaktywowa\u0107 wiki\u0119 miesi\u0105ca? W ci\u0105gu roku pojawi\u0142o si\u0119 kilkadziesi\u0105t nowych pomys\u0142\u00f3w na wiki\u0119, z czego niekt\u00f3re s\u0105 naprawd\u0119 \u015bwietne. Co wy na to? Kinrepok 05:56, gru 6, 2011 (UTC) Odgrzebuje temat. Obecnie jest bardzo du\u017co fajnych, ciekawych i zadbanych wiki, wystarczy nawet spojrze\u0107 na te ze spotlighta. Czy kiedy\u015b b\u0119d\u0105 ponowne wybory wiki miesi\u0105ca? --- Fantagiro  22:08, kwi 3, 2012 (UTC) Je\u015bli kto\u015b chce zabra\u0107 g\u0142os w sprawie wikii miesi\u0105ca, niech pisze tutaj, a nie na Portalu spo\u0142eczno\u015bci. Je\u015bli kto\u015b poda przynajmniej 10 wikii nadaj\u0105cych si\u0119 na wiki\u0119 miesi\u0105ca, mo\u017cna my\u015ble\u0107 o wznawianiu nadawania tego tytu\u0142u. Nie chc\u0119, by znowu po p\u00f3\u0142 roku zawiesza\u0107 tej projekt. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 16:17, kwi 4, 2012 (UTC) My\u015bl\u0119, \u017ce znalezienie przynajmniej dziesi\u0119ciu wikii nie b\u0119dzie problemem, tylko co znaczy \"nadaj\u0105cych si\u0119\"? --~DKK 17:38, kwi 4, 2012 (UTC) Czy te nadawa\u0142yby si\u0119? --~DKK 09:45, kwi 17, 2012 (UTC) Z wszystkich stron, kt\u00f3re poda\u0142e\u015b, tylko Historiopedia jako\u015b si\u0119 nadaje. Reszta stron jest albo w og\u00f3le nieaktywna, albo jedyna aktywno\u015b\u0107 to usuwanie wandalizm\u00f3w. Nie zamierzam na stronie g\u0142\u00f3wnej reklamowa\u0107 strony, kt\u00f3rej nawet administrator nie odwiedza. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 17:18, kwi 17, 2012 (UTC) No a Legopedia? Codziennie jest dodawany przynajmniej jeden nowy artyku\u0142 lub grafika, a wandali (odpuka\u0107 w niemalowane) jeszcze tam nie widziano. --~DKK 22:04, kwi 17, 2012 (UTC) D\u0142ugo\u015b\u0107 artyku\u0142\u00f3w (w wi\u0119kszo\u015bci) jest adekwatna do tego co opisuj\u0105 (bo c\u00f3\u017c wi\u0119cej mo\u017cna napisa\u0107 o modelu sk\u0142adaj\u0105cym si\u0119 z kilkunastu cz\u0119\u015bci ni\u017c to, \u017ce sk\u0142ada si\u0119 z kilkunastu cz\u0119\u015bci + seria + rok?). Niekt\u00f3re angloj\u0119zyczne odpowiedniki s\u0105 nawet kr\u00f3tsze. --~DKK 21:14, kwi 18, 2012 (UTC) Ka\u017cdy zapomnia\u0142 o sprawie, wi\u0119kszo\u015b\u0107 by\u0142a za przywr\u00f3ceniem Wikii miesi\u0105ca, wi\u0119c nadszed\u0142 czas, by przywr\u00f3ci\u0107 projekt. Czekam na kandydatury\u00a0:) Kinrepok (dyskusja) 08:23, sie 2, 2012 (UTC) Wiki nie Wikia. Wikia to firma kt\u00f3ra udost\u0119pnia darmowy hosting Wiki. Tak wi\u0119c mo\u017cemy reaktywowa\u0107 ju\u017c pod poprawn\u0105 nazw\u0105\u00a0:) \u2014 Nanaki 08:30, sie 2, 2012 (UTC) Nie widzia\u0142em \u017cadnej debaty nad konkretnymi punktami regulaminu, dlaczego wi\u0119c Kinrepok samowolnie ustali\u0142 regulamin i nikt tutaj nie interweniuje, a inny admin jeszcze jest przychylny tej samowoli. Na Project talk:Wikianie ju\u017c drugi tydzie\u0144 czekam na konkretne propozycje, samemu daj\u0105c jedn\u0105 do dyskusji i zero odzewu, a tutaj z niczym takim nie mieli\u015bmy do czynienia. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 18:17, sie 2, 2012 (UTC) \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 18:24, sie 2, 2012 (UTC) W przypadku zasad - uwzgl\u0119dni\u0142em stare zasady z pro\u015bbami umieszczonymi wy\u017cej. Progi od 100 artyku\u0142\u00f3w i pkt. 7 ustali\u0142em, gdy\u017c wzros\u0142a liczba wikii i w nich tre\u015bci i mo\u017cna w\u00f3wczas zwi\u0119kszy\u0107 pr\u00f3g. Kinrepok (dyskusja) 08:12, sie 3, 2012 (UTC) PS. \u017badnej samowolki nie by\u0142o - dyskusje ucich\u0142y, ka\u017cdy by\u0142 za, wi\u0119c kto\u015b musia\u0142 to zrobi\u0107\u00a0:) Kinrepok (dyskusja) 08:13, sie 3, 2012 (UTC)Dopracowywanie regulaminu  Dok\u0142adnie chodzi\u0142o mi o to: jest konkretna propozycja, nad kt\u00f3r\u0105 par\u0119 ludzi debatuje i sk\u0142ada swoje propozycje dotycz\u0105ce ewentualnych zmian. Czworo ludzi ju\u017c z\u0142o\u017cy\u0142o swoje propozycje, cz\u0119\u015bciowo zbie\u017cne, jaki\u015b konsensus jest. Wi\u0119c po kolei. Punkt pierwszy po zmianie proponowanej przez a\u017c 4 osoby nieco k\u0142\u00f3ci\u0142by si\u0119 z punktem drugim. W punkcie drugim zmienia si\u0119 ilo\u015b\u0107 artyku\u0142\u00f3w z 100 do 50; dalej nie jest sprecyzowane, co to znaczy, \u017ce wikia ma min. 1 aktywnego admina, wi\u0119c do\u0142o\u017c\u0119 swoj\u0105 propozycj\u0119. Punkt trzeci odpada. Do punktu czwartego dochodz\u0105 poprawki Nanakiego, te\u017c zaaprobowane przez par\u0119 os\u00f3b. W punkcie 7. maleje liczba miesi\u0119cy do 12, jednomy\u015blnie. W punkcie \u00f3smym nie sprecyzowali\u015bmy, kiedy s\u0105 dwa miejsca ex aequo: czy wtedy, gdy oddano wi\u0119cej g\u0142os\u00f3w (wersja A, ja j\u0105 popieram), czy bez wzgl\u0119du na to (wersja B). Punkty: 5, 6, 9, 10 przechodz\u0105 bez poprawek. Punkt 11. jeszcze jest sporny. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 21:49, sie 3, 2012 (UTC) Hmm. Z tego co widz\u0119 to brakuje dok\u0142adnego wyja\u015bnienia jak ma wygl\u0105da\u0107: Btw, prosi\u0142bym, \u017ceby si\u0119 kto\u015b wypowiedzia\u0142 w sprawie aktywno\u015bci admin\u00f3w na proponowanych wikiach (punkt 2.), czy moja propozycja jest dobra; do tej pory nikt tego nie uczyni\u0142. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 18:12, sie 4, 2012 (UTC) Btw, tak mnie nasz\u0142o - m\u00f3wimy ca\u0142y czas o tym 30 wrze\u015bnia o 23, gdzie kto\u015b zg\u0142osi wiki i zawo\u0142a do g\u0142osowania kumpla, dw\u00f3ch, o\u015bmiu... A mo\u017cna temu prosto zapobiec, ograniczaj\u0105c czas na zg\u0142oszenia np. do 20. dnia miesi\u0105ca. 8-11 dni to zdecydowanie wi\u0119cej na reakcj\u0119 ni\u017c godzina.  Czekam na opinie. Myslec\u00a0dyskusja 07:55, sie 5, 2012 (UTC) Doda\u0142em informacje w pkcie 1., i\u017c chodzi o zarejestrowanych u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w Wikii, a tak\u017ce doda\u0142em info o nagrodzie. Ujednolici\u0142em punkt 8. wedle uwag wi\u0119kszo\u015bci u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w, niemniej dalej czekam na inne propozycje zmian. Jak ju\u017c dojdziemy do konsensusu, to u\u0142o\u017c\u0119 punkty tego regulaminu w jakiej\u015b logicznej kolejno\u015bci i wtedy podda si\u0119 ostatecznemu g\u0142osowaniu. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 20:57, sie 5, 2012 (UTC) W niedziel\u0119 min\u0105 2 tygodnie od ostatniej wi\u0119kszej zmiany propozycji regulaminu. Je\u015bli do niedzieli nie zobacz\u0119 \u017cadnego sprzeciwu, to powy\u017csz\u0105 propozycj\u0119, wraz z poprawkami Obywatela i punktem \u00f3smym w brzmieniu zaproponowanym przez Nanakiego w wersji 2A (zaaprobowanej jednomy\u015blnie; uwzgl\u0119dnionej te\u017c przez Obywatela), uznam za obowi\u0105zuj\u0105cy regulamin wyboru Wikii miesi\u0105ca. Z tej racji, i\u017c zosta\u0142by nam (zgodnie z regulaminem) jeden dzie\u0144 na zg\u0142aszanie wikii do Wikii miesi\u0105ca (co i tak by\u0142oby g\u0142upie), o ile nic nie stanie na przeszkodzie, 1 wrze\u015bnia 2012 nast\u0105pi reaktywacja Wikii miesi\u0105ca, a pierwsz\u0105 wiki\u0105 wybieran\u0105 w tym konkursie(?) b\u0119dzie Wikia pa\u017adziernika 2012. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 22:04, sie 16, 2012 (UTC)Wprowadzenie regulaminu  Wstawiam tu podsekcj\u0119, bo ta dyskusja jest ju\u017c tak d\u0142uga, \u017ce ci\u0119\u017cko j\u0105 przewija\u0107 \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 21:43, sie 20, 2012 (UTC) A je\u015bli nie by\u0142o \u017cadnej konstruktywnej krytyki? Tylko jaka\u015b wiki przegrywa\u0142a po prostu z powodu mniej popularnego tematu/mniejszej bazy u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w? Niestety kij ma dwa ko\u0144ce... w sumie wszystko oka\u017ce si\u0119 w praniu, ale widzia\u0142em jak to dzia\u0142a\u0142o ostatnio. Na palcach jednej r\u0119ki mog\u0142em policzy\u0107 konstruktywn\u0105 krytyk\u0119 i dowiedzie\u0107 si\u0119 co nale\u017cy poprawi\u0107. Final Cannon Dyskusja 22:09, sie 20, 2012 (UTC)No i reaktywowali\u015bmy...  No i reaktywowali\u015bmy Wiki\u0119 miesi\u0105ca. Ju\u017c po jednym dniu widz\u0119, \u017ce by\u0142 to beznadziejny pomys\u0142. W ci\u0105gu 24 godzin sp\u0142yn\u0119\u0142y propozycje 13 wikii, z czego wi\u0119kszo\u015b\u0107 nie nadaje si\u0119 absolutnie na reklam\u0119 (rozjechany wygl\u0105d, brak informacji o prawach autorskich etc.). Dlaczego wi\u0119c wikie te wygrywaj\u0105? Ano, na przyk\u0142adzie Gothicpedii: jak tylko biurokrata zg\u0142osi\u0142 swoj\u0105 stron\u0119 do g\u0142osowania, nie min\u0119\u0142o nawet 30 minut, a ju\u017c dziwnym trafem siedmioro cz\u0142onk\u00f3w spo\u0142eczno\u015bci tej wikii zag\u0142osowa\u0142o za tym projektem. A w takie przypadki i zbiegi okoliczno\u015bci to ja nie wierz\u0119. Obawy, kt\u00f3re pojawia\u0142y si\u0119 przy (jak\u017ce d\u0142ugiej) dyskusji o reaktywacji projektu, niestety si\u0119 zi\u015bci\u0142y. Wikie, kt\u00f3rych reklamowanie by\u0142oby wr\u0119cz ha\u0144b\u0105, wygrywaj\u0105, bo lokalna spo\u0142eczno\u015b\u0107 oddaje na ni\u0105 g\u0142osy. A chyba nie tego chcieli\u015bmy. Niestety, r\u0119ce mamy zwi\u0105zane, bo nie zmienia si\u0119 regu\u0142 w trakcie gry, a na podstawie obowi\u0105zuj\u0105cego regulaminu nie jeste\u015bmy w stanie nic zrobi\u0107. Widz\u0119 tylko trzy wyj\u015bcia z tej sytuacji: I niestety ja schylam si\u0119 ku trzeciemu rozwi\u0105zaniu. Nie to by\u0142o ide\u0105 Wikii miesi\u0105ca, by wygra\u0142a wikia, kt\u00f3rej administratorzy s\u0105 w stanie przekona\u0107 jak najwi\u0119ksz\u0105 liczb\u0119 cz\u0142onk\u00f3w swojej wikii do oddania na ni\u0105 g\u0142os\u00f3w, bez wzgl\u0119du na jej jako\u015b\u0107. Nadmieni\u0119 sobie jeszcze, \u017ce, wy\u0142\u0105czywszy administracj\u0119 Centrum Spo\u0142eczno\u015bci, tylko dw\u00f3ch u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w zachowuje si\u0119 przyzwoicie i ocenia projekty obiektywnie: PiotrekD i Myslec. Szczeg\u00f3lne podzi\u0119kowania dla Myslec, za ogarni\u0119cie tego syfu i trzymanie jakiegokolwiek porz\u0105dku na stronie z g\u0142osowaniami. Dzi\u0119ki! \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 07:49, wrz 2, 2012 (UTC) Nie rozumiem z czego tak naprawd\u0119 robicie afer\u0119. Tak jak ju\u017c kto\u015b wspomnia\u0142, to, \u017ce spo\u0142eczno\u015b\u0107 tak szybko zag\u0142osowa\u0142a \u015bwiadczy o jej zgraniu. Nie widz\u0119 nic z\u0142ego w umieszczaniu zach\u0119ty do wzi\u0119cia udzia\u0142u w owym g\u0142osowaniu. Sam pomys\u0142 jest dobry, uwagi daj\u0105 do my\u015blenia. Dzi\u0119ki temu w ko\u0144cu znalaz\u0142em motywacj\u0119 by ogarn\u0105\u0107 syf z plikami, chocia\u017c widz\u0119, \u017ce nie tylko ja.\u00a0;) Ponurak  18:14, wrz 2, 2012 (UTC) Je\u015bli chodzi o moj\u0105 wypowied\u017a, \u017ce \"tylko administracja i dw\u00f3ch user\u00f3w g\u0142osuje uczciwie\" by\u0142a napisana jeszcze przeze mnie, gdy wszyscy pozostali niewymienieni przeze mnie u\u017cytkownicy oddali g\u0142os za swoj\u0105 wiki\u0105 \"bo to fajna wikia\" czy z innymi \"powodami\". Teraz takich u\u017cytkownik\u00f3w jest wi\u0119cej, kt\u00f3rzy s\u0105 lud\u017ami z zewn\u0105trz danej wikii i s\u0105 w stanie bardziej obiektywnie spojrze\u0107 na dany projekt. Jak to by\u0142o napisane przez kilku user\u00f3w wy\u017cej, nie mo\u017cemy zablokowa\u0107 mo\u017cliwo\u015bci oddawania g\u0142os\u00f3w na \"swoje\" wikie. Jedynym rozs\u0105dnym rozwi\u0105zaniem wydaje si\u0119 zaproponowane przez Nanakiego zamienienie niekt\u00f3rych \"porad\" w \"zasady\" wyboru Wikii miesi\u0105ca. I tak jak pisa\u0142 Myslec \u2013 Wikia miesi\u0105ca nie jest super-hiper wa\u017cnym projektem, a od poprzednich edycji Wikii miesi\u0105ca najwidoczniej priorytety si\u0119 nieco zmieni\u0142y. \u2014tomta1\u00a0[\u2709] 19:15, wrz 2, 2012 (UTC)Pytanie  Mam jedno pytanie - je\u017celi wikia zosta\u0142a zg\u0142oszona trzy razy z rz\u0119du i ani razu nie wygra\u0142a, to ju\u017c nie mo\u017ce by\u0107 zg\u0142aszana czy po dw\u00f3ch miesi\u0105cach mo\u017ce ponownie kandydowa\u0107? WW (Wal \u015bmia\u0142o!|Talk to me!) 18:45, lis 6, 2012 (UTC)*Psiaki Wiki*  Co trzeba zrobi\u0107, \u017ceby swoja Wiki zosta\u0142a Wiki\u0105 miesi\u0105ca?Dodawanie Wiki  a wikie miesi\u0105ca dodaj\u0105 tylko administratorzy tych wiki czy normalni te\u017c mog\u0105 dodawa\u0107.Nieu\u017cywane wideo  Czy do raport\u00f3w nie nale\u017ca\u0142oby doda\u0107 nieu\u017cywanych plik\u00f3w wideo? sandy97 18:31, mar 29, 2013 (UTC)Random Wiki So Random  So Random! is an American Disney Channel sketch series that premiered on June 5, 2011. It was announced as an independent series after Demi Lovato left the parent series, Sonny with a Chance, to focus on other endeavors. The series stars the other actors of Sonny with a Chance: Tiffany Thornton, Sterling Knight, Brandon Mychal Smith, Doug Brochu and Allisyn Ashley Arm as well as other featured actors that recur in the series. The series premiere was watched by 4.1 million viewers.Concept, production and premise  In Sonny with a Chance, Demi Lovato plays the title character, Sonny Munroe, a new member of the cast of the sketch comedy show So Random!, which is presented as a show-within-a-show. The series follows the experiences of Sonny, and the rest of the cast. The full length sketch comedy episode format was played within Sonny with a Chance during season 2 of the series for the Christmas and Halloween episodes. In October 2010, Lovato underwent treatment for \"physical and emotional issues,\" and in April 2011 she confirmed that she would not be returning to Sonny with a Chance for its third season. She stated that returning to acting immediately wouldn't be healthy for her recovery.Following Lovato's departure from the series, So Random! was introduced as its own series that will focus more on comedy skits than Sonny with a Chance. Filming for the season began on January 30, 2011. Each episode will feature sketch comedy skits with the So Random! cast, as well as a musical performance by a guest star. Originally intended to be a third season of Sonny with a Chance, Disney began to describe the show as a separate series following Lovato's confirmed departure. It is different from other Disney series in that the audience becomes a part of the show, with more audience interactivity due to the sketch comedy and performances. Each episode typically consists of five or six sketches.Cast Main Cast  Except for Lovato, the main cast of So Random! is identical to that of its parent series, Sonny with a Chance. Tiffany Thornton as Tawni Hart, who likes to be the center of attention. Sterling Knight as Chad Dylan Cooper. In Sonny with a Chance he is an egotistical and self-centered cast member of Mackenzie Falls, but has now joined the cast of So Random!. Brandon Mychal Smith as Nico Harris, the slick fast-talker of the group. He and Grady are best friends. Doug Brochu as Grady Mitchell, a gullible goof. He and Nico are best friends. Allisyn Ashley Arm as Zora Lancaster, the \"odd\" one.Recurring characters  Matthew Scott Montgomery as Matthew Bailey Shayne Topp as Shayne Zabo Damien Haas as Damien Johanssen Grace Bannon as Grace Wetzel Bridgett Shergalis as Bridget CookGuest Stars And Artists  Cody Simpson, performing \"All Day\". Greyson Chance, performing \"Waiting Outside the Lines\". Selena Gomez & the Scene, performing \"Who Says\". Mitchel Musso, performing \"Get Away\" and participating in the \"Guac-A-Mole\" sketch. Tony Hawk, participating in the \"Lunch Lady Selects\" sketch. Coco Jones, performing \"Stand Up\" and participating in the \"Back Up Singers\" sketch. Jacob Latimore, performing \"Like 'Em All\". Mindless Behavior, performing \"My Girl\". Christina Grimmie Colbie Caillat Dave Days Far East Movement Hot Chelle Rae, performing \"Tonight Tonight\" Kicking Daisies The Ready Set Cast of Lemonade MouthEpisodes  1 \"Cody Simpson\" June 5, 2011 Cody Simpson performs \"All Day\". Guest stars: Grace Bannon, Damian Haas, Matthew Scott Montgomery, Shayne Topp Sketches: All Star Wheel of Fortune, Helmet Ninjas, Zombie Man, Rufus: Kid with Excuses, Tantrum Girl 2 \"Greyson Chance\" June 12, 2011 Greyson Chance performs \"Waiting Outside the Lines\". Guest stars: Grace Bannon, Damien Haas, Bridget Shergalis, Shayne Topp, Audrey Whitby Sketches: Socks with Sandals, Learning Spanish with Reynaldo Rivera, The Sparrow Family, Bedazzle Zit, The I'm Going to Marry Zach Feldman Show 3 \"Selena Gomez and the Scene\" June 19, 2011 Selena Gomez & the Scene performs \"Who Says\". Guest stars: Damien Haas, Bridget Shergalis, Shayne Topp Sketches: Schooled by Grammar, Teen Rage, Lil' Texters, Olaf Glutella: Fake Foreign Exchange Student, Garlic Garden, Sag Down Smackdown Notes: Glendovia, previously seen on Sonny With a Chance, is mentioned in the Olaf Glutella: Fake Foreign Exchange Student sketch prior to his introduction. Also, Selena Gomez previously appeared in the Sonny With a Chance episode \"Battle of the Networks' Stars\". 4 \"Mitchel Musso\" June 25, 2011 Mitchel Musso performs \"Get Away\". Guest stars: Grace Bannon, Damien Haas, Matthew Scott Montgomery, Bridget Shergalis, Shayne Topp Sketches: Strawberry Shortbread Saves The Earth, Guac-A-Mole, Possibly Sarcastic Skip, Roadkill McGill's Roadside Diner, Carnival Games, The Real Princesses of New Jersey: The Fairy Godfather 5 \"Tony Hawk\" July 10, 2011 Tony Hawk guest stars and does a sketch on the show while the main cast of the show tries to make him do something extreme. He finally flies out at the end of the show. Guest stars: Grace Bannon, Damien Haas, Matthew Scott Montgomery, Bridget Shergalis, Shayne Topp, Drew Baker Sketches: Let's Touch Animals with Lori Bedletter, Braggy Benson, Lunch Lady Selects, School Announcements, Tantrum Girl on Recess; Ooo, Yeah, Uhh... No 6 \"Coco Jones\" July 17, 2011 Coco Jones performs \"Stand Up\". Sketches: Bracey Girrlz Rap, Sally Jensen: Kid Lawyer, Nolan, Angus: Supermodel from Down Under, The Back Up Singers 7 \"Jacob Latimore\" July 29, 2011 (another Guest CoCo Jones: Ketchup on Everything and Backup Singers Jacob Latimore performs \"Like 'Em All\". Sketches: Rufus: Rufus Boy with Excuses, Passive Animal People, Jack Sparrow I, Ketchup on Everything, Back Up Singers(coco jones guest stars)Music  So Random! - Brandon Mychal Smith \"Socks with Sandals\" by Footy Scent - Doug Brochu ft. Brandon Mychal Smith \"Schooled by Grammar\" by MC Grammar - Brandon Mychal Smith ft. Tiffany Thornton, Shayne Topp and Sterling Knight \"Bracey Girrlz Rap\" by Bracey Girrlz - Allisyn Ashley Arm and Grace Bannon ft. Brandon Mychal Smith and Damien Hass with a voice by Audrey Whitby Ketchup On Everything by Tomatow Sue and The Posse - Allisyn Ashley ArmInternational Release  Australia Disney Channel July 25, 2011 6 PM So Random! Canada Family June 10, 2011 So Random! Poland Disney Channel 2011 Z Z innej beczki United Kingdom Disney Channel August 2011 (Sneak Peek) October 2011 (premiere) So Random! United States Disney Channel June 5, 2011 So Random!Random Wiki Random Wiki  please help me expand this wikia filling it with anything randomn that you can think ofRandom Wiki Chocolate Bar  A chocolate bar is a confection in bar form comprising some or all of the following components: cocoa solids, cocoa butter, sugar, milk. The relative presence or absence of these components form the subclasses of dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and white chocolate. In addition to these main ingredients, it may contain emulsifiers such as soy lecithin and flavors such as vanilla. There are many varieties of chocolate; milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, and many more. A candy bar (called a chocolate bar in Australian English, British English, Canadian English, Indian English, Irish English, New Zealand English and South African English) is a form of confectionery usually packaged in a bar or log form, often coated with chocolate, and sized as a snack for one person. But within that term, a wide variety of products exist, ranging from solid chocolate bars to multiple layerings or mixtures of ingredients such as nuts, fruit, caramel or fondant. Certain brands of chocolate bars are sold as being for nutritional supplementation purposes. These bars contain protein and various vitamins while still retaining a sweet taste.History  Up to and including the 19th century, candy of all sorts was typically sold by weight, loose, in small pieces that would be bagged as bought. The introduction of chocolate as something that could be eaten as is, rather than used to make beverages or desserts, resulted in the earliest bar forms, or tablets. At some point, chocolates came to mean any chocolate-covered candies, whether nuts, creams (fondant), caramel candies, or others. The candy bar evolved from all of these in the late-19th century as a way of packaging and selling candy more conveniently, for both buyer and seller. This \"convenience\" did not include price, of course, as the buyer had to pay for the packaging. It was considerably cheaper to buy candy loose, or in bulk. In 1847, the Fry's chocolate factory, located in Union Street, Bristol, England, moulded the first ever chocolate bar suitable for widespread consumption. The firm began producing the Fry's Chocolate Cream bar in 1866. Over 220 products were introduced in the following decades, including production of the first chocolate Easter egg in UK in 1873 and the Fry's Turkish Delight (or Fry's Turkish bar) in 1914. In 1896 the firm became a registered private company. It was run by the Fry family, with Joseph Storrs Fry II, grandson of the first Joseph Storrs Fry, as the chairman. Although chocolate bars and candy bars had their beginnings in the 19th century, it was in the early-20th century that this confectionery commercial venture grew most rapidly. The first wrapped chocolate bar, which is still being produced, was the Hershey bar, produced by The Hershey Company in 1900. A number of the bars developed in that era still exist in relatively unchanged form (except for miniature versions such as Hershey's Miniatures chocolate bars released in 1939). In the U.S., most candy bars started out priced at ten cents, down to five cents during the Great Depression, and back to ten after World War II. This price remained stable until the late 1960s. During the first half of the 20th century in the U.S., there were thousands of different candy bars being manufactured and distributed locally or regionally by small candy companies. Some of these still survive, but a few major manufacturers have taken over the marketplace, buying up smaller companies and reproducing the most popular of their candy bars. Today candy bars are made and consumed all over the world, and manufactured to local tastes and environmental conditions.Chocolate Bar Brands  3 Musketeers USA, Canada. Mars Aerated chocolate nougat with milk-chocolate coating. Also available in mint. 3 Musketeers Truffle Crisp USA. Mars 5th Avenue USA. Hershey Peanut butter with milk chocolate 100 Grand Bar USA. Nestl\u00e9 Caramel and crisped rice with milk chocolate Action Max Turkey. Tayas Chocolate and Confectionery Compound Chocolate bar filled with peanut pieces and caramel Aero Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, Poland, New Zealand. Nestl\u00e9 Frothy chocolate with \"bubbles\" Aero Caramel Canada, UK,Japan. Nestl\u00e9 Chocolate \"bubbles\" with a caramel layer in milk chocolate Aero Mint Canada, UK. Nestl\u00e9 Chocolate \"bubbles\" with a mint layer in milk chocolate After Eight USA, Canada, UK, Ireland, South Africa, The Netherlands, Finland, Turkey, Germany, Poland .Nestl\u00e9 Dark chocolate with mint cream filling Akuafo Bar - Golden Tree Ghana. Cocoa Processing Co. Ltd Lemon flavored milk chocolate Almond Cluster USA. Peter Paul Milk-chocolate with almonds Almond Joy USA. Hershey Milk-chocolate covered coconut with whole almonds. Limited editions include Chocolate! Chocolate! (featuring chocolate-coconut filling) and Pi\u00f1a Colada (featuring pineapple-flavored coconut in chocolate) Amande USA. Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - salted and toasted almonds in milk chocolate Amul Chocolate India Anand Mills Union Limited,India. Available in orange, milk and chocolate flavors Apollo Chocolate Cranberry Japan. Meiji 11 \"peaks\" in a package, with chocolate base and cranberry/white chocolate tops Baby Ruth USA. Nestl\u00e9 Caramel and nougat center with peanuts in milk chocolate Balisto The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany. Masterfoods Muesli covered in chocolate Bar None USA. The Hershey Company cocoa wafer, chocolate filling, peanuts and a milk chocolate coating Bar One India, South Africa. Nestl\u00e9 Milk, Sugar, Glucose, Caramel, Malt, Nougat and thick chocolate Big Turk Canada. Nestl\u00e9 Turkish Delight covered with milk chocolate Black Chocolate Japan. Meiji Special dark chocolate Boost Australia, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Bounty New Zealand, Italy, UK, Ireland, Canada, Australia, South Africa, The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Turkey, India Mars Coconut filling covered with milk or plain chocolate Bournville USA, UK, Ireland, Middle East, India Cadbury-Schweppes Dark chocolate Break Greece, Australia Ion Chocolate bars with fillings like: Cream strawberry, Hazelnut Praline, Cappuccino, and Coconut Breakaway UK Nestle Rectangular Digestive biscuit covered in Milk chocolate Bridge Mixture Canada Hershey (originally Lowney's) \"assortment of chocolate coated confectionery\" Brown Pudding USA Lucy Ellen Candy Co. Brown sugar, coconut, cherries, peanut butter, raisins, and spices in milk chocolate Bun Bar USA Pearson's Candy Company vanilla, maple or caramel center with milk chocolate peanut coating Butterfinger USA, Canada Nestl\u00e9 Honeycombed peanut butter center in milk chocolate Butterfinger Crisp USA Nestl\u00e9 Butterfinger with wafer layers Buttons New Zealand, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Round discs of Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate Cadbury Dairy Milk UK, Ireland, Australia, NZ, Canada, India, Malaysia Cadbury-Schweppes Milk chocolate Cadbury's Marble New Zealand, UK, Australia Cadbury-Schweppes Milk and white chocolate with hazelnut/almond praline filling Cadbury's Fudge New Zealand, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Fudge covered in milk chocolate Cadbury's Fuse UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Chocolate bar containing nuts, raisins, crisp cereal and fudge pieces Candied Violet USA Sucr\u00e9 Chocolates Dark chocolate topped with candied violets. Caramac UK Nestl\u00e9 Milk-based caramel bar Caramel Crunch USA Nestl\u00e9 Caramel filling with a milk chocolate and crisped rice coating Caramel Peanut Bar Germany Mauxion Schokoladefabrik Caramel, peanuts and nougat in milk chocolate Caramello USA Cadbury-Schweppes Squares of milk chocolate filled with caramel Caramello Koala Australia, South Africa Cadbury-Schweppes Koala shaped chocolate with caramel filling Caravan Canada, South Africa Lowney Vanilla caramel covered in milk chocolate Caravelle USA Peter Paul Caramel in milk chocolate with crisped rice Caramilk EUR, Canada, South Africa Cadbury-Schweppes Carlos V Latin America Nestl\u00e9 Milk Chocolate Chai USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - chai tea spices in milk chocolate Charleston Chew Canada, USA. ME Tootsie Roll Industries Chocolate, Vanilla and Strawberry variants Cherry Blossom Canada Lowney's Chocolates Milk chocolate and coconut shell with liquid cherry center Cherry Cocktail USA Idaho Candy Company Cherry center, covered with chocolate and peanut bits Cherry Mash USA Chase Candy Cherry Ripe New Zealand, Australia Cadbury-Schweppes Cherry and coconut bits in chocolate Choclairs Bar Canada Neilson Chocolate-covered wafers and filling Choco-Mallow Philippines Fibisco Marshmallow on a cookie base, covered in chocolate ChocNut Philippines New Unity Sweets Manufacturing Corporation Cocoa powder, milk powder, sugar and ground peanuts combined Chokito Australia Nestl\u00e9 Chocolate-covered caramel fudge with crisped rice Chicken Dinner USA Sperry Candy Co. Chocotwist Syria Katakit Foods Industries Coated sandwich biscuit, flavors: chocolate Chomp UK, South Africa, Australia, Zimbabwe, Ireland Wafers and caramel in chocolate Choy's Central America (Costa Rica) Jet Soft caramel and toasted rice (or peanuts) covered in chocolate Choxi+ UK Prestat Range of dark and milk chocolate bars uniquely high in antioxidants Chubby's CheckerBar USA The Last Twist, Inc. Milk and white chocolate in a checkerboard pattern Chum China Chunky USA Nestle Milk chocolate with peanuts and raisins Clark Bar USA Necco Honeycombed peanut butter filling coated with chocolate Cloud Nine Philippines Universal Robina Corporation Caramel and peanuts covered in milk chocolate Club Bites UK Jacob's Miniature versions of Club Biscuits. Club Mint UK Jacob's Chocolate-covered crunchy biscuit with mint cream/orange cream/chocolate cream/raisins Club Sandwich USA Sperry Candy Co. Coconut & Toasted Almond USA Sucr\u00e9 Chocolates Dark Chocolate sprinkled with coconut and toasted almond. CoffeeChoc - Golden Tree Ghana Cocoa Processing Co. Ltd Coffee flavored milk chocolate Coffee Crisp Canada Nestl\u00e9 Milk chocolate with wafer crisps and coffee flavoring Coffee Crisp Orange EUR Nestl\u00e9 Cold Turkey USA Sperry Candy Co. Caramel Creams USA Goetze's Candy Company Chewy caramel wrapped around a rich, creamy center (Available in Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, and Caramel Apple flavors) Gourmet Caramel Creams USA Goetze's Candy Company Chewy caramel wrapped around a rich, creamy center (Available in Double Chocolate & Licorice flavors) Cow Tales USA Goetze's Candy Company Chewy caramel wrapped around a rich, creamy center (Available in Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, and Caramel Apple flavors, and in Mini form) Creme Egg UK, Canada, Australia, Irelan Cadbury Egg filled with cream in it. Crispy Crunch Canada Cadbury Peanut butter and toffee mixture coated in milk chocolate Crunch Canada, USA Nestl\u00e9 Milk chocolate with crisped rice Crunchie New Zealand, UK, India, Ireland, Canada, Australia, South Africa Cadbury-Schweppes Honeycomb toffee covered with chocolate Crunky Republic of Korea Lotte Rice Crips covered with Chocolate Cup-o-Gold USA Adams and Brooks a chocolate cup with a marshmallow center with almonds and coconut Curly Wurly UK, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, The Netherlands Cadbury-Schweppes Chocolate-covered caramel braid Cuban Lunch Canada Paulin's Dark chocolate and peanuts in a thick rectangular slab. Daim UK, EUR, Middle East, Ireland Kraft Foods Chocolate over crisp toffee Demolino Malaysia, India Gandour Biscuit bar with caramel and chocolate coating Dolfin Belgium Dolfin Many varieties including milk chocolate and dark chocolate with coarsely ground spices Double Decker UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Soft nougat top, with a crisped cereal base, covered in milk chocolate Dove Bar USA, Australia, The Netherlands, Poland Creamy milk and dark chocolate, with added varieties sucha s fruit and nut. The Mars equivalent to Cadburys Dairy Milk. Called Galaxy in the UK Dream with Cookies Australia Cadbury-Schweppes Drifter UK, Ireland Nestl\u00e9 Wafers and caramel in milk chocolate Eat-more Canada Hershey's chewy dark toffee, peanuts and chocolate English Crunchie USA Cadbury-Schweppes \u00c9pic\u00e9 USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - Cinnamon, Cayenne and Chipotle chili peppers in dark chocolate Reese's Fast Break USA Hershey Peanut butter and nougat filling in milk chocolate Five Star Caramel USA Lake Champlain Chocolates Caramel with almonds and dark chocolate in milk chocolate Five Star Fruit & Nut USA Lake Champlain Chocolates Raisins and pecans with gianduja chocolate Five Star Hazelnut USA Lake Champlain Chocolates Hazelnut filling with crushed hazelnuts and feuillettine in milk chocolate Five Star Peanut USA Lake Champlain Chocolates Peanut butter with white chocolate, peanuts and crisped rice, in milk chocolate Flake New Zealand, UK, Ireland, Canada, Australia, USA Cadbury-Schweppes Crumbly chocolate \"flake\" Flake Snow New Zealand, UK, Australia, USA Cadbury-Schweppes White chocolate Flake in milk chocolate coating Forever Yours USA Mars Vanilla nougat and caramel in dark chocolate Freddo Frog New Zealand, Australia, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Milk chocolate in a frog shape Fremantle Chocolate Factory Australia Fremantle Chocolate Factory Various flavors of hand-made chocolate bars Fruit and Nut New Zealand, UK, India, Ireland, Canada, Middle East, Australia Cadbury-Schweppes Fry's Turkish Delight Australia, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Fruit jellies in milk chocolate Galaxy Worldwide Mars Milk chocolate bar Galaxy Caramel Worldwide Masterfoods Milk chocolate with raisins and hazelnuts Gardena A. Loacker Co. Chocolate-orange or hazelnut cream filling in wafers covered with milk chocolate Gingembre USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - ginger, macadamia nuts and lemon in dark chocolate Glosette Canada Hershey (originally Nabisco) Milk chocolate covered raisins. Also in peanuts and almonds Godiva A lot of kinds. With stuffing inside Golden Rough Australia Nestl\u00e9 Milk chocolate round with coconut Goobers USA Nestl\u00e9 Milk-chocolate covered peanuts GooGoo Cluster USA Standard Candy Co. Marshmallow and caramel in peanuts and thick milk chocolate Hail USA Hollywood Candy Co. Hazelnuts and milk chocolate Halls Philippines Hany,milk chocolate Philippines Annie's candy manufacturing A soft milk chocolate bar Happy Hippo Germany, UK, Ireland Ferrero Wafer hippo shape with hazelnut, chocolate, and milk-caramel cream filling Haviland Thin Mints USA Necco Peppermint cream filling in dark chocolate Haviland Wintergreen Patty USA Necco Bright pink wintergreen-flavored cream filling in dark chocolate Hay Hay Turkey Hazelnut Australia Cadbury-Schweppes Plain milk chocolate bar studded with hazelnuts Heath bar USA Hershey Crunchy English-style almond toffee with milk chocolate coating Hershey bar New Zealand, Canada, USA, UK, Ireland Hershey Solid milk chocolate Hershey Almond Toffee Bar USA Hershey Hershey's Creamy Caramel USA Hershey Hershey's Special Dark USA Hershey Honest Chocolate South Africa Honest Chocolate Honest bonbons are made with raw (unroasted) organic cacao (full of antioxidants) and are sugar and dairy-free. Hum Hum Syria Katakit Foods Industries Milk Chocolate bars filled with coconut Idaho Spud USA Idaho Candy Company Chocolate marshmallow covered with chocolate and coconut Intense Orange Switzerland Lindt & Spr\u00fcngli Dark chocolate with candied orange rind and almonds Ivory Mountain UK Cadbury-Schweppes Chocolate with macadamia nuts Jacek EUR Wavel Jersey Milk Canada Neilson Creamy solid milk chocolate Junior Mints Canada, USA Hershey Small peppermint creams in dark chocolate, boxed Junior Caramels Canada Hershey Small caramel creams in dark chocolate, boxed KitKat USA, India, Japan, Canada, Turkey, Australia, Ireland, Hershey (USA only), Nestle (Worldwide except USA) Wafers in chocolate (over 100 varieties worldwide, most from Japan) Korkunov chocolate bars Russia A. Korkunov Milk and dark chocolate bars, plain, or with almonds or hazelnuts Krackel USA, Canada Hershey Milk chocolate with crisped rice Krembanan Norway Nidar Chocolate, gel and banana cream La Fama USA Palmer Candy Co. caramel covered with milk chocolate Lavita Syria Katakit Foods Industries Uncoated wafer, flavors: chocolate, hazelnut and milk Leah Bar UK Mars Chocolate with hazelnuts Libertin India Ivory Gull Industries Plain Milk Chocolate Lion Bar EUR, Middle East, Australia, Poland Nestl\u00e9 Wafers and crisped cereal with caramel in milk chocolate Lion Peanut EUR, Middle East Nestl\u00e9 Chocolate-covered nougat, crisps and peanuts Lotte Ghana Rep. of Korea, Japan Lotte Milk chocolate \"with extra cacao\" Macadamia Japan Meiji Macadamia nut coated with milk chocolate Macadamia Nut Switzerland Lindt & Spr\u00fcngli Milk chocolate with caramelized Macademia nut pieces Maestro Saudi Arabia \u00dclker Chocolate over peanut butter nougat Mallo Cup USA Boyer Candy Co. Whipped marshmallow-cream filling with coconut in milk chocolate cups Malted Milk (chocolate bar) Canada Neilson Milk chocolate, caramel, malted milk. Lighter, fluffier and longer than Mars bar. Maltesers New Zealand, Australia, Ireland, Japan, UK, South Africa, Canada, The Netherlands Chocolate-coated malted honeycomb balls Maracaibo 65 USA Sucr\u00e9 Chocolates Bittersweet chocolate from the rarest Venezuelan cocoa bean. Marathon USA Mars Twisted caramel in milk chocolate Marble Chocolate Japan Meiji Mars Bar USA, India Mars Vanilla nougat with almonds and milk chocolate Mars Bar Outside USA Mars Nougat-like chocolate mousse topped with caramel and coated in chocolate Mars Bar Lava Australia Mars Orange-flavored nougat center Max Philippines M-Azing USA Mars Milk chocolate with mini-M&M's Meiji Almond JAPAN Meiji Milk-chocolate with almonds in the center Menthe USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - Mint essence and cocoa nibs in dark chocolate Milka Germany, Turkey, UK, Italy, Austria, The Netherlands, Poland Suchard Tobler Vertriebs Milk chocolate with hazelnut, peanut and almond pastes incorporated Milk Shake USA Hollywood Candy Co. Chocolate nougat and caramel in milk chocolate Milky Bar New Zealand, UK, India Nestl\u00e9 White chocolate bar Milky Way USA Mars Chocolate nougat with caramel in chocolate coating Milky Way New Zealand, UK, EUR, Australia Mars Whipped nougat in chocolate coating Milky Way Midnight Worldwide Mars Dark Chocolate with a vanilla nougat caramel center Milo Bar New Zealand, Australia, South Africa Nestl\u00e9 Minstrels UK, Ireland Hard candy covered chocolate drops Mint Crisp Africa Cadbury-Schweppes Mint krokant Sweden Marabou Mint almond toffee with milk chocolate coating Mint Pattie Australia Nestl\u00e9 Soft mint nougat in milk chocolate Moka USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - coffee and cocoa nibs in milk chocolate Moody Syria Katakit Foods Industries Chocolate bar filled with tender wafer coated with caramel Moro New Zealand Cadbury-Schweppes Nougat-like chocolate mousse topped with caramel and coated in chocolate Mounds USA The Hershey Company Sweetened coconut enrobed in dark or milk chocolate; introduced in 1921 Mountain Bar USA Brown and Haley Vanilla, cherry, or peanut butter creme filling, covered in chocolate and peanuts in the shape of Mount Rainier Mousse Australia, South Africa Cadbury-Schweppes Milk chocolate with a rich soft chocolate filling Mr. Big Worldwide Cadbury Crisped rice, peanuts, and a vanilla fudge center covered in Cadbury milk chocolate Mr. Goodbar USA, Canada Hershey Peanuts in granular milk chocolate Mr. Tom Germany Hosta Peanut bar covered with caramel (de.WP) Munchies UK Nestl\u00e9 Caramel covered crisp biscuit coated in chocolate Neapolitan Coconut Slice USA Friesinger's Candies Tri-colored coconut bar - strawberry/vanilla/chocolate Nestl\u00e9 Chunky USA Nestl\u00e9 Milk chocolate with peanuts and raisins Nestl\u00e9 Crunch USA, India, UK, Canada, South Africa, Turkey Nestl\u00e9 Chocolate candy bar with crisped rice Nestl\u00e9 Milk Chocolate USA, Turkey Nestl\u00e9 Solid milk chocolate Nestl\u00e9 White USA Nestl\u00e9 White chocolate Nickel Lunch USA Peanuts in milk chocolate Noisette USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - caramelized hazelnuts in milk chocolate Nut Goodie USA Pearson's Candy Company Nippon Germany Hosta Puffed rice covered with a thin chocolate layer Nut Lovers USA Hershey NutRageous USA Hershey Peanut butter, caramel, and peanuts in milk chocolate Oh Henry! USA, Canada Nestl\u00e9, Hershey in Canada Caramel fudge center with peanuts and milk chocolate coating Old Faithful USA Idaho Candy Company Marshmallow center, covered with chocolate and whole peanuts Pal-o-mine Canada Ganong Bros. Limited Soft fudge center with peanuts covered in dark chocolate PayDay USA Hershey Caramel fudge center with salted peanuts Peanut Slab Australia, New Zealand Whittaker's Peanut infused Chocolate Slab Pebbles - Golden Tree Ghana Cocoa Processing Co. Ltd Multicolored chocolate-coated groundnuts (peanuts) Penguin UK, Ireland McVitie's Milk-chocolate covered biscuit filled with chocolate cream Perky Nana New Zealand Cadburys Banana flavored chew bar covered in chocolate Pep Canada Neilson Dark chocolate with peppermint cream filling Peppermint Crisp Australia, South Africa Nestl\u00e9 Peppermint \"cracknel\" in milk chocolate Picnic New Zealand, Australia, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Peanuts, caramel, wafers and crisped rice in milk chocolate Pistache USA Sulpice Chocolat Painted chocolate bar - Pistachios, cardamom and orange in dark chocolate Pistachio & Rose Petal Chocolate Bar USA Sucr\u00e9 Chocolates Milk chocolate studded with Sicilian pistachios and candied rose petals. Polly Waffle Australia Nestl\u00e9 Marshmallow-filled wafers in milk chocolate Portem Pride - Golden Tree Ghana Cocoa Processing Co. Ltd Dark milk chocolate Powerhouse USA Peter Paul Peanuts, caramel & nougat in milk chocolate Prince Malaysia Danone Two chocolate-flavored soda cracker wafers in chocolate-flavored coating Prince Polo Poland Kraft Chocolate-covered wafers Princessa Poland Nestl\u00e9 Nestl\u00e9 imitation of Prince Polo; now equally popular Reese's Crispy Crunchy Bar USA Hershey Peanut butter crisp candy with peanut butter and chopped peanuts, in milk chocolate Reggie Bar USA Wayne Candies Peanuts and caramel in a mound shape, in milk chocolate Relax Syria Chocolate-covered wafers with hazelnut cream Revels UK, Ireland Mixed bag of pieces of hard toffee, raisins, orange creme and coffee creme with a chocolate coating. Ritter Sport Austria, Germany, Italy Ritter Sport Chocolate bar of various fillings Roast Almond Australia, India Cadbury-Schweppes Plain bar of milk chocolate studded with almonds Rolo New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, Canada, UK, Ireland, The Netherlands Nestl\u00e9 Round milk chocolate pieces filled with gooey caramel Rolo USA Hershey Round milk chocolate pieces filled with gooey caramel Ruby Syria Katakit Foods Industries Coated wafer, flavors: chocolate and hazelnut Ruby Caramel Syria Katakit Foods Industries Chocolate bar filled with tender biscuit coated with caramel Safari Malaysia, India, Saudi Arabia Gandour Caramel and cereal center with wafers, in chocolate-flavor coating Sahara Malaysia, Saudi Arabia Gandour Caramel nougat and almond center in chocolate-flavor coating Salted Pretzel USA Sucr\u00e9 Chocolates Swiss milk chocolate with salted pretzel twists. Sasha Chocolate Goldleaf Rep. of Korea Lotte Chocolate with real gold leaf layering Sesame Bar Australia Europe Shore Dinner USA Lucy Ellen Candy Co. Pecans, cashews and coconut in milk chocolate Shox Bar Turkey Tayas Chocolate and Confectionery Compound Chocolate bar filled with toasted rice Skor USA, Canada Hershey Crunchy butter toffee in milk chocolate Sky Bar USA Necco 4 sections: caramel, vanilla, peanut butter and fudge fillings, milk chocolate coating Smarties New Zealand, UK, Ireland, Canada, Australia, South Africa, The Netherlands, Poland Nestl\u00e9 Multicolored, candy-coated chocolate pieces. Smooth Sailin' USA Hollywood Nougat with walnut pieces, covered in dark chocolate S'mores USA, Canada Hershey Snickers Worldwide Mars Peanut butter nougat with caramel and peanuts in milk chocolate Spira UK Cadbury-Schweppes Two milk chocolate 'twists' with holes running through the middle Starbar UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Peanuts and caramel in milk chocolate Stork Philippines Striker Middle East Sudan Saudi Arabia Gandour Chocolate-covered nougat with peanut and caramel center Summer Roll Australia Europe Peanuts and nougat rolled in milk chocolate and coconut Sweet Marie Canada Cadbury (originally Willard[disambiguation needed]'s) Fudge center with peanuts and crisped rice covered in chocolate Swirled Caramel & Salted Peanut USA Sucr\u00e9 Chocolates Double cream Swiss milk chocolate swirled with vanilla caramel and sprinkled with salted peanuts. Take 5 USA Hershey Layer of caramel and peanut butter over pretzels and peanuts in milk chocolate Cadburys Tempo South Africa Cadburys Shortcake biscuit and caramel covered in Cadburys dairy milk chocolate Texan UK Rowntree Mackintosh Ltd. Milk chocolate covered chewy bar Taza USA [Taza Chocolate Company]] Bean to bar fine chocolate Time Out New Zealand, Australia, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Wafers with a Flake center, covered in milk chocolate Tin Larin Latin America Nestl\u00e9 Wafers and peanut butter in chocolate Toblerone (Best Chocolate Ever) Switzerland, India, Turkey, The Netherlands, Canada, Australia, South Africa, UK, Ireland, USA Kraft Foods Solid chocolate with chewy almond nougat bits Toffee Crisp UK, Ireland Nestl\u00e9 Crisped rice and soft caramel in milk chocolate Toffifee (also known as Toffifay) Canada, Germany, The Netherlands, Sweden, Poland Storck Caramel with nougat and hazelnuts in milk chocolate Tofi Luk Malaysia, India, Saudi Arabia Gandour Biscuit bars covered in caramel and chocolate Toggi Switzerland, EUR, Middle East K\u00e4gi S\u00f6hne, AG Wafers in chocolate Top Deck Australia, Africa Cadbury-Schweppes White and milk chocolate layers Topic Poland, UK, Ireland Masterfoods Polska Hazelnuts, nougat and caramel in milk chocolate TQ Bar - Golden Tree Ghana Cocoa Processing Co. Ltd Really dark chocolate Triple Decker Australia Cadbury-Schweppes White, milk, and pink chocolate layers Turbo India CAMPCO Chocolate Factory Noughat Filled Creamy Chocolate Turtles Canada, USA Nestle's Chocolate, caramel, pecans, and cashews Twin Bing USA Palmer Candy Co. Cherry cream center with chocolate/peanut coating Twirl New Zealand, Australia, UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Long flakes of milk chocolate covered in a chocolate coating Twix Worldwide Mars A cookie bar with two fingers of shortcake biscuit base topped with Caramel and covered in chocolate. U-NO Bar USA Annabelle's Candy Milk Chocolate truffle-like center, covered with Milk Chocolate and ground almonds Vakko Tablet&Bars Turkey Vakko Chocolate Chocolate bar filled with edible nuts coated with milk chocolate Valomilk USA Sifers Candy Co. Liquid marshmallow filling in milk chocolate cups Vice Versas UK Nestl\u00e9 Milk chocolate covered in white sugar coating, and white chocolate cover in chocolate sugar coating Violet Crumble Australia Nestl\u00e9 Aerated crunchy honeycomb-like center in milk chocolate Walnut Whip UK, Ireland Nestl\u00e9 Whorl-shaped chocolate cone with a fondant filling, topped with a walnut Welch's Fudge USA James O. Welch Co. Chocolate fudge bar with chocolate coating Willocrisp Canada Neilson Crispy peanut butter in a chocolatey coating Whatchamacallit USA Hershey Chocolate peanut crisp and caramel in milk chocolate Whip Australia Cadbury-Schweppes Fluffy nougat and caramel in milk chocolate White Knight Australia Nestl\u00e9 Chewy mint nougat in milk chocolate Wispa UK, Ireland Cadbury-Schweppes Smooth velvety chocolate bar Wonka Bar New Zealand, USA, Australia Nestl\u00e9 Graham cracker bits in chocolate Wonka Mud Sludge Australia Nestl\u00e9 Fudge center in chocolate Woodies Belgium Cavalier Milk chocolate bar with hazelnut or orange filling and a biscuit Wow Wee Candy Bar Maui, Hawaii Wow Wee Maui Corporation Varieties: Kava Chocolate Bar; Milk Chocolate Estate Coffee & Toffee; Milk Chocolate & Hawaiian Macadamia Nut; Milk Chocolate Kona Coffee & Carmel; Milk Chocolate Macadamia Nut & Chewy Banana; White Chocolate & Dark Chocolate Raspberry Crunch; Dark Chocolate & Coconut Wunderbar Canada, Germany Cadbury-Schweppes Caramel and crunchy peanut butter filling in milk chocolate York Peppermint Pattie USA, Canada Hershey Peppermint cream filling in dark chocolate Yorkie UK, Ireland Nestl\u00e9 Chunky chocolate barManufacturers  Cadbury plc Charles Chocolates Dolfin Candy Ferrero SpA Ganong Bros. Limited Goetze's Candy Company Goldberg Candy Company Golden Boronia GooGoo Cluster Gandour Hansel Candy Hershey Foods Corporation Idaho Candy Company Ion Kraft Foods Lake Champlain Chocolates Loacker Mars, Incorporated Nestl\u00e9 Necco Peter Paul Candy Manufacturing Company Prestat Ritter Sport Sifer's Valomilk Sulpice Chocolat Sucre Sweet Boutique Tootsie Roll Industries World's Finest Chocolate Wow Wee Maui CorpRandom Wiki Site maintenance  This category includes matters that should be examined from time to time by contributors concerned with maintaining and enhancing the quality of this wiki. There may be errors or omissions that need fixing, or pages that clearly need improvement. Whenever there is nothing more to attend to in subcategories or articles below, such contributors are urged to look at:Random Wiki Emma Watson  Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson (born 15 April 1990) is an English actress and model who rose to prominence playing Hermione Granger, one of three starring roles in the Harry Potter film series. Watson was cast as Hermione at the age of nine, having previously acted only in school plays. From 2001 to 2011, she starred in all eight Harry Potter films alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint. Watson's work on the Harry Potter series has earned her several awards and more than \u00a310 million. She made her modelling debut for Burberry's Autumn/Winter campaign in 2009. In 2007, Watson announced her involvement in two non-Harry Potter productions: the television adaptation of the novel Ballet Shoes and an animated film, The Tale of Despereaux. Ballet Shoes was broadcast on 26 December 2007 to an audience of 5.2 million, and The Tale of Despereaux, based on the novel by Kate DiCamillo, was released in 2008 and grossed over US $86 million in worldwide sales.Early Life  Emma Watson was born in Paris to Jacqueline Luesby and Chris Watson, both British lawyers. Watson has one French grandmother, and lived in Paris until the age of five. Following her parents' divorce, she moved with her mother and younger brother to Oxfordshire.From the age of six, Watson wanted to become an actress, and for a number of years she trained at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts, a part-time theatre school where she studied singing, dancing and acting. By the age of ten, she had performed in various Stagecoach productions and school plays, including Arthur: The Young Years and The Happy Prince,but she had never acted professionally before the Harry Potter series. \"I had no idea of the scale of the film series,\" she stated in a 2007 interview with Parade; \"If I had I would have been completely overwhelmed.\"Harry Potter  In 1999, casting began for Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (released as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in the United States), the film adaptation of British author J. K. Rowling's best-selling novel. Casting agents found Watson through her Oxford theatre teacher, and producers were impressed by her confidence. After eight auditions, producer David Heyman told Watson and fellow applicants Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint that they had been cast for the roles of the schoolfriends Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and Ron Weasley respectively. Rowling supported Watson from her first screen test. The release of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 2001 was Watson's debut screen performance. The film broke records for opening-day sales and opening-weekend takings and was the highest-grossing film of 2001. Critics praised the performances of the three leads, often singling out Watson for particular acclaim; The Daily Telegraph called her performance \"admirable\", and IGN said she \"stole the show\". Watson was nominated for five awards for her performance in Philosopher's Stone, winning the Young Artist Award for Leading Young Actress. A year later, Watson again starred as Hermione in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, the second instalment of the series. Although the film received mixed reviews, reviewers were positive about the lead actors' performances. The Los Angeles Times said Watson and her peers had matured between films,while The Times criticised director Chris Columbus for \"under-employing\" Watson's hugely popular character.Watson received an Otto Award from the German magazine Bravo for her performance. In 2004, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was released. Watson was appreciative of the more assertive role Hermione played, calling her character \"charismatic\" and \"a fantastic role to play\". Although critics panned Radcliffe's performance, labelling him \"wooden\", they praised Watson; The New York Times lauded her performance, saying \"Luckily Mr. Radcliffe's blandness is offset by Ms. Watson's spiky impatience. Harry may show off his expanding wizardly skills ... but Hermione ... earns the loudest applause with a decidedly unmagical punch to Draco Malfoy's deserving nose.\" Although Prisoner of Azkaban remains the lowest-grossing Harry Potter film as of April 2009, Watson's personal performance won her two Otto Awards and the Child Performance of the Year award from Total Film. With Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2005), both Watson and the Harry Potter film series reached new milestones. The film set records for a Harry Potter opening weekend, a non-May opening weekend in the US, and an opening weekend in the UK. Critics praised the increasing maturity of Watson and her teenage co-stars; the New York Times called her performance \"touchingly earnest\". For Watson, much of the humour of the film sprang from the tension among the three lead characters as they matured. She said, \"I loved all the arguing. ... I think it's much more realistic that they would argue and that there would be problems.\"Nominated for three awards for Goblet of Fire, Watson won a bronze Otto Award. Later that year, Watson became the youngest person to appear on the cover of Teen Vogue, an appearance she reprised in August 2009. In 2006, Watson played Hermione in The Queen's Handbag, a special mini-episode of Harry Potter in celebration of Queen Elizabeth II's 80th birthday. The fifth film in the Harry Potter franchise, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, was released in 2007. A huge financial success, the film set a record worldwide opening-weekend gross of $332.7 million.Watson won the inaugural National Movie Award for Best Female Performance. As the fame of the actress and the series continued, Watson and fellow Harry Potter co-stars Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint left imprints of their hands, feet and wands in front of Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood on 9 July 2007. Despite the success of Order of the Phoenix, the future of the Harry Potter franchise became surrounded in doubt, as all three lead actors were hesitant to sign on to continue their roles for the final two episodes.Radcliffe eventually signed for the final films on 2 March 2007, but Watson was considerably more hesitant.She explained that the decision was significant, as the films represented a further four-year commitment to the role, but eventually conceded that she \"could never let [the role of] Hermione go\",signing for the role on 23 March 2007. In return for committing to the final films, Watson's pay was doubled to \u00a32 million per film; she concluded that \"in the end, the pluses outweighed the minuses\". Principal photography for the sixth film began in late 2007, with Watson's part being filmed from 18 December to 17 May 2008. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince premiered on 15 July 2009 having been delayed from November 2008. With the lead actors now in their late teens, critics were increasingly willing to review them on the same level as the rest of the film's all-star cast, which the Los Angeles Times described as \"a comprehensive guide to contemporary UK acting\".The Washington Post felt Watson to have given \"[her] most charming performance to date\", while The Daily Telegraph described the lead actors as \"newly-liberated and energised, eager to give all they have to what's left of the series\". Watson's filming for the final instalment of the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, began on 18 February 2009 and ended on 12 June 2010. For financial and scripting reasons, the original book has been divided into two films which were shot back to back. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 1 was released in November 2010 while the second film was released in July 2011.Other Acting Work  Watson's first non-Potter role was the 2007 BBC film Ballet Shoes, an adaptation of the novel of the same title by Noel Streatfeild. The film's director Sandra Goldbacher commented that Watson was \"perfect\" for the starring role of aspiring actress Pauline Fossil: \"She has a piercing, delicate aura that makes you want to gaze and gaze at her.\"Ballet Shoes was broadcast in the UK on Boxing Day 2007 to an audience of 5.7 million viewers, despite generally poor reviews. Watson also lent her voice to the role of Princess Pea in the animated film The Tale of Despereaux, a children's comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The Tale of Despereaux was released in December 2008 and grossed $87 million worldwide. In December 2008, Watson stated she wanted to go to university after she completed the Potter series. In May 2010, Watson was reported to be in talks to star in a film adaptation of The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Filming began in summer 2011. Also that month, she announced that she would appear in a music video for One Night Only after meeting lead singer George Craig at the 2010 Winter/Summer Burberry advertising campaign. The video, \"Say You Don't Want It\", was screened on Channel 4 on 26 June 2010 and released on 16 August. In her first post-Harry Potter film, Watson has been cast in the upcoming My Week with Marilyn as Lucy, a wardrobe assistant who has a few dates with the main character, Colin Clark.Watson has also expressed interest in being in a musical film.Non- Acting Work  As she has grown older, Watson has become something of a fashion devotee, saying that she sees fashion as very similar to art, which she studied in school. In September 2008, she told a blogger, \"I've been focusing on art a lot, and fashion's a great extension of that.\" In 2008, the British press reported that Watson was to replace Keira Knightley as the face of the fashion house Chanel, but this was flatly denied by both parties. In June 2009, following several months of rumours, Watson confirmed that she would be partnering Burberry as the face of their new campaign; she received an estimated six-figure fee for modelling Burberry's Autumn/Winter 2009 collection. She later appeared in Burberry's 2010 Spring/Summer campaign alongside her brother Alex, musicians George Craig and Matt Gilmour, and Max Hurd. Watson continued her involvement in fashion advertising when she modelled for Lanc\u00f4me in March 2011. In September 2009, Watson announced her involvement with People Tree, a Fair Trade fashion brand.Watson worked as a 'creative advisor' for People Tree to create a spring line of clothing, which was released in February 2010; the range featured styles inspired by southern France and the City of London. The collection, described by The Times as \"very clever\" despite their \"quiet hope that [she] would become tangled at the first hemp-woven hurdle\",was widely publicised in tabloids such as You magazine, Heat Magazine, Teen Vogue, Cosmopolitan, and People. Watson, who was not paid for the collaboration, admitted that competition for the range was minimal, but argued that \"Fashion is a great way to empower people and give them skills; rather than give cash to charity you can help people by buying the clothes they make and supporting things they take pride in\"; adding, \"I think young people like me are becoming increasingly aware of the humanitarian issues surrounding fast fashion and want to make good choices but there aren't many options out there.\" Watson continued her involvement with People Tree, resulting in a release of a 2010 Autumn/Winter collection.Personal Life  Watson's extended family has grown, as her divorced parents each have new partners. Her father has a son, and identical twin girls. Her mother's partner has two sons who \"regularly stay with her\". Watson's full brother, Alexander, has appeared as an extra in two Harry Potter films, and her half-sisters were cast as the young Pauline Fossil in the BBC's Ballet Shoes adaptation. After moving to Oxford with her mother and brother, Watson attended The Dragon School, an independent preparatory school, until June 2003 and then moved to Headington School, an independent school for girls, also in Oxford. While on film sets, Watson and her peers were tutored for up to five hours a day; despite the focus on filming she maintained high academic standards. In June 2006, Watson took GCSE examinations in 10 subjects, achieving eight A* and two A grades; she was a target of friendly ribbing on the Harry Potter set because of her straight-A exam results. She received A grades in her 2008 A level examinations in English Literature, Geography and Art, and in her 2007 AS (advanced subsidiary) level in History of Art. After leaving school, Watson took a gap year to film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows beginning in February 2009, but said she \"definitely want[ed] to go to university\".Despite numerous contradictory news stories, some from highly reputable sources, claiming that she would \"definitely\" attend Trinity College, Cambridge; Columbia University; Brown University or Yale University,Watson was reluctant to commit publicly to any one institution, saying that she would announce her decision first on her official website.In interviews with Jonathan Ross and David Letterman in July 2009, she confirmed that she was planning to study liberal arts in the United States,saying that \u2013 having missed so much school as a child for filming \u2013 the \"broad curriculum\" of American higher education appealed to her more than British universities, \"where you have to just choose one thing to study for three years\". In July 2009, after a second storm of rumour, The Providence Journal reported that Watson had \"grudgingly admitted\" that she had chosen Brown University, located in Providence, Rhode Island.Watson defended her attempts to avoid announcing her choice of university \u2013 accidentally slipped by Daniel Radcliffe and producer David Heyman, during interviews publicising the release of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and finally confirmed in September 2009 after the university's academic year had started \u2013 saying that she \"want[ed] to be normal. ... I want to do it properly, like everyone else. As long as I don't walk in and see ... Harry Potter posters everywhere, I'll be fine.\" In March 2011, after 18 months at the university, Watson announced that she was deferring her course for \"a semester or two\",to give her more time to participate in the advertising buildup for the release of the second Deathly Hallows film, and other projects. It has since been announced that Watson will be continuing her studies in autumn, reportedly on an exchange programme to Worcester College, Oxford. As of July 2007, Watson's work in the Harry Potter series had earned her more than \u00a310 million, and she acknowledged she would never have to work for money again. In March 2009, she was ranked 6th on the Forbes list of \"Most Valuable Young Stars\",and in February 2010, she was named as Hollywood's highest paid female star, having earned an estimated \u00a319 million in 2009. However, she has declined to leave school to become a full-time actress, saying \"People can't understand why I don't want to ... but school life keeps me in touch with my friends. It keeps me in touch with reality.\" She has been positive about working as a child actress, saying her parents and colleagues helped make her experience a positive one. Watson enjoys a close friendship with her fellow Harry Potter stars Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint, describing them as a \"unique support system\" for the stresses of film work, and saying that, after working with them for the ten years of the film series, \"they really are like my siblings\". Watson lists her interests as dancing, singing, field hockey, tennis, art, and she supports the Wild Trout Trust. She describes herself as \"a bit of a feminist\", and admires fellow actors Johnny Depp and Julia Roberts.Filmography  2001 Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Hermione Granger Released as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in the US and India 2002 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Hermione Granger 2004 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Hermione Granger 2005 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Hermione Granger 2007 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Hermione Granger 2007 Ballet Shoes Pauline Fossil Television film shown on BBC One 2008 The Tale of Despereaux Princess Pea Voice part 2009 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Hermione Granger 2010 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows \u2013 Part 1 Hermione Granger 2011 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows \u2013 Part 2 Hermione Granger 2011 My Week with Marilyn Lucy 2012 The Perks of Being a Wallflower (In production) - SamAwards  2002 Young Artist Awards Best Performance in a Feature Film \u2013 Leading Young Actress Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Won 2002 American Moviegoer Awards Outstanding Supporting Actress Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Nominated 2003 Otto Awards Best Female Film Star (Silver) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Won 2004 Broadcast Film Critics Association Best Young Actress Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Nominated 2005 Otto Awards Best Female Film Star (Gold) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Won 2005 Broadcast Film Critics Association Best Young Actress Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Nominated 2006 MTV Movie Awards Best On-Screen Team Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Nominated 2007 ITV National Film Awards Best Female Performance Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Won 2007 UK Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards Best Movie Actress Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Won 2008 Otto Awards Best Female Film Star (Gold) Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Won 2009 Scream Awards Best Fantasy Actress Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Nominated 2010 Teen Choice Awards Actress Fantasy Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Nominated 2011 People's Choice Awards Favorite Movie Star Under 25 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 Nominated 2011 Kids' Choice Awards Favorite Movie Actress Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 Nominated 2011 National Movie Awards Performance of the Year Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 NominatedRandom Wiki Organization  The area of the site for subcategories and other pages about the wiki's organization, administration, and maintenance.Random Wiki Pages proposed for deletion  These pages have been proposed for deletion. Reasons for the deletion are shown on the pages below, or discussed on their talk pages. See also Category:Candidates for speedy deletion.Random Wiki Community Portal  Welcome to Random Wiki! The Community Portal is where this wiki community comes together to organize and discuss projects for the wiki. To see the most recent discussions, click the Discussion tab above. You can find out more general information about the wiki on the About page.New to wikis? How to help out Want to discuss stuff? Some other interesting pages Random Wiki Protected page  Administrators can protect and unprotect pages, including ones that do not exist. Protection of a page or image usually means that a non-admin cannot modify it. The majority of pages on all Wikia should remain publicly editable, and not protected. Pages may, however, be temporarily or permanently protected for legal reasons (for example, license texts should not be changed) or in cases of extreme vandalism or edit warring or abusive re-creation.Uses  A temporary protection is used for: There is no need to protect personal .css and .js pages like user/monobook.css or user/cologneblue.js. Only the accounts associated with these pages (and admins) are able to edit them. (For more information on using these pages, see Help:User style)Usage  Most pages and images are unprotected by default, only the site logo and favicons are automatically protected. You can protect editing, moving, or both by checking or unchecking the Unlock move permissions selection box. Pages can also be cascade protected, this will cause all images, pages, or templates transcluded onto the page to be fully protected, even if the main article is only semi-protected.Rules Random Wiki Recent posts Random Wiki Hschweinlin Welcome!  Hi Hschweinlin -- we are excited to have Random Wiki as part of the Wikia community! Thanks for joining us, and we'd like to give you some tips to help you get started on making your wiki great.Your first four steps:  1. Create your User Page - this is a great place to introduce yourself (and practice wiki-editing!)  2. Add a logo - learn how to create a logo image, then click here to add it to the wiki. 3. Create your first 10 articles - use the box on the right to create ten pages, starting each one off with a few sentences. For example if you are starting a wiki on a TV show, you might create an article for each main character. 4. Edit your Main Page - add internal links ([[like this]]) to the ten articles you just created, and any other improvements you can think of. Once you've done these four things, you've created a great starting point -- your wiki looks friendly and ready for visitors. You can then invite some friends to help you create the next twenty pages, and expand the ones you've built. Keep going! The more pages you create and link to each other, the sooner that others who are searching for \"Random Wiki\" will be able find your project in search engines, read your content and join you in editing. If you have more questions, we've provided a full set of help pages, or you can email us through our contact form. Don't forget to check out other wikis on Wikia for ideas on layout, organizing your pages, and more. Have fun! Best wishes, Catherine MunroRandom Wiki Wikis in Plain English Random Wiki Infobox templates  A listing of wiki infobox templates.Using this category  To put a template in Category:Infobox templates:Random Wiki Talkcreate  Start a new discussion!Random Wiki Bigcat Random Wiki Candidates for speedy deletion  There are a few, special cases that Random Wiki speedily deletes articles or files \"on sight\". This page lists articles using the {{speedydelete}} template. Before speedily deleting an article, ensure that it meets the criteria for speedy deletion. For any discussion of pages listed for speedy deletion, please use the talk page of the article in question. Deleted articles are automatically listed in the deletion log. See also Category:Pages proposed for deletion.Random Wiki Random Wiki  Use this page to discuss design and content changes to the main page. For general wiki discussion, please visit the Community Portal or Forums.Random Wiki Templates  There are many templates in use in Random Wiki; these are only a subset, representing some of the most important and commonly used ones. If you feel that a template belongs on this page, do not hesitate to add it.What are templates?  Wiki templates provide a means to insert the same content over and over in different (or the same) pages. This saves editors the hassle of duplicating the same text again and again, and also helps ensure consistency. Templates are generally shown with the format required to use the template (e.g. ). Clicking the template name takes you to the template's page, where you can see what it looks like and how it is used. Detailed instructions on the usage of each template should exist on: For more information on templates, see Help:Templates.Article management templates Nominate an article for deletion  {{delete}} {{speedydelete|}}Disambiguation articles  {{disambig}}Stubs  {{stub}}Category templates General category template  {{category}}Template category template  {{templatecategory}}General wiki templates Clear  {{clr}}, plus {{clrl}} and {{clrr}}For  {{for||}}Main article  {{main|}}Right-aligned Table of Contents  {{tocright}}Sandbox  {{sandbox}}T is for template  {{t|}}Welcome  {{welcIP}} and {{welcome}}Wikipedia  {{wikipedia}}, {{wikipedia-deleted}}Where you may find more templates Random Wiki Disambiguations  This category contains disambiguation pages \u2014 navigational aids which list other pages that might otherwise share the same title. If an internal link referred you to one of these pages, you might want to go back and fix it to point directly to the intended page. Pages may be included in this category by the addition of the template {{disambig}} just before the list of similarly-named pages.Random Wiki Article management templates  Templates to aid in article management.Using this category  To put a template in Category:Article management templates:Random Wiki Image wiki templates  Wiki templates used for image-related purposes.Using this category  To put a template in Category:Image wiki templates:Random Wiki Images  Images on Random Wiki.How to add your own image  Gallery example:Random Wiki General wiki templates  General wiki templates. Templates in this category will likely have a description on the templates project page. If not, they probably deserve one.Using this category  To put a template in Category:General wiki templates:Random Wiki Category templates  Templates used on category pages.Using this category  To put a template in Category:Category templates:Random Wiki !!  ||"