so grateful for lisa martin and gina steward of the western wayne  chapter for presenting me with this lifeti… 
#onepride
 : retired justice john paul stevens, a ford nominee who was unanimously confirmed says kavanaugh does not belong on the supreme c…
 :   not sure if you understand that  in  destroyed bill hr  and civil rights icon …
we will miss you aretha! 
i am grateful to my colleagues who have called for due process before weighing judgment. i would urge them to conti… 
i’ll never allow that legacy – a legacy i owe to my father   john conyers, sr., who integrated labor unions, or my… 
i am proud and fortunate to be part of a legacy of more than  years of fighting for civil rights and making our c… 
i cannot in good conscience allow these charges to undermine my colleagues in the democratic caucus, and my friends… 
but i have come to believe that my presence as ranking member on the committee would not serve these efforts while… 
these challenges could not be more pressing in the face of an administration that cares little for the rule of law… 
to be clear, i would like very much to remain as ranking member. there is still much work to be done on core concer… 
i deny these allegations, many of which were raised by documents reportedly paid for by a partisan alt-right blogge… 
after careful consideration and in light of the attention drawn by recent allegations made against me, i have notif… 
i miss barack obama  #inwords 
folks, this is the same policy that was strictly enforced, at the request of  throughout president #obama… 
happening tomorrow! my annual veterans resource fair. come join to get valuable information on housing, employment,… 
hello everyone. i'm hosting a veterans resource fair this saturday, november , :am at piquette square.   plea… 
if you have student loans, you’ve benefited from an interest break.     is cutting that because to give… 
i will be calling on the us  to investigate why #wendellbrown is still in a chinese jail.   we must do ev… 
when the #goptaxscam explodes the deficit, #republicans will call for spending cuts to critical initiatives (e.g.… 
the  keep spewing #alternativefacts about its #goptaxscam. they just want to give a tax break to the compa… 
fact:  million middle class families would see their taxes go up under the #goptaxscam.   , you simply c… 
#hr, no unconstitutional strike on #northkorea act, w over  bipartisan cosponsors in the house &amp; senate, woul… 
finally,  must publicly acknowledge that he is constitutionally-barred from launching a preemptive… 
it is now ’s responsibility to control his impulsive behavior and give diplomacy a chance to work.… 
despite his unhelpful comments, i am quite encouraged to see that the  has dispatched negotiators to tal… 
pleased that  was able to avoid reckless threats during his asia trip, as i urged him to do.  unfor… 
the  committee has the privilege of debating some of the most important, and often controversial, is… 
 : 🆕 ,  push for hearing on white house political interference in telecom, media industries🆕…
how many times? #sessionshearing #sessionstestimony 
 : the letter from  was sent to the majority, without the  customary and appropriate  notice to …
virtually every clinton-related matter that president trump complains about has been well-litigated, carefully exam… 
further, we cannot refer an investigation to a second special counsel if we lack the evidence to predicate a crimin… 
the fact that this letter was sent to the majority, without the customary and appropriate notice to me, indicates t… 
 :  lots of "i don't recall" from ag sessions in response to 's questions about the trump campaign…
 :   rep. conyers asked yes/no questions:  • is it common in a democracy to use the justice system…
read my entire statement from today's hearing. 
 : watch it live today at am on  
 : america's support for this saudi-led war in yemen is:   . unauthorized by congress, . contributing to horrific starva…
 : under ag #sessions, the  has taken a sharp turn away from the evidence-based policies &amp; priorities establi…
 : here's a brief history of the navajo nation. #nativeamericanheritagemonth 
 :      .: "the usa liberty act r…
 :  .: "the usa liberty act provides both security and privacy, and gives the government the t…
the central thesis of the usa liberty act is that we can have both security and privacy.  we can give the governmen… 
do you or your friends have college debt? #goptaxscam makes it harder for americans to afford to higher education 
last year . million americans received a tax deduction that helped them afford health care expenses. #goptaxscam… 
who are the americans that end up paying more under the #goptaxscam?  middle-class families, teachers, americans pa… 
i am incredibly saddened to hear of the passing of my friend judge anna diggs taylor 
 : 🚨 #breaking 🚨 ahead of  oversight hearing, house judiciary committee dems put #sessions on notice  https:/…
a ground invasion of north korea would prove catastrophic and could result in thousands, if not millions of deaths. 
pleased that judge morin dropped this case after i expressed concerns ab the threat it posed to #freedomofspeech. 
i hope that the  will take up the issue of #gunviolence, including an examination of #bumpstocks, as… 
an infusion of , people could push haiti to an even higher level of instability. #savetps
haitians with temporary protected status working in the us contribute millions of dollars to social security, medicare &amp; medicaid. #savetps
ending temporary protected status for haitians could put them at risk of poverty and illness. #savetps
 : join us tomorrow morning at am for a subcommittee hearing examining 'anti-semitism on college campuses.' …
ending #tps will have wide-ranging &amp; negative consequences. please read more here: 
the mass deportation of k #tps recipients would cost taxpayers more than $ billion &amp; upend thousands of communities. we must #savetps.
#tps holders are vetted, legally present and authorized to work in our country. they are our neighbors, friends, coworkers. #savetps
dyk: #tps was est. through congress by the immigration act of ? it covers nearly , tps holders:   #savetps
 : no matter how you look at it, the reality is that the #billionairesfirst tax plan will explode the debt. #cnnsotu https://…
my bill, #hr the no unconstitutional strike on #northkorea act, has over  cosponsors in the house, and has su… 
open enrollment started novst, and ends dec th. there isn’t much time, so go to  now, to… 
 : thank you  for your leadership against an unconstitutional unprovoked attack on #northkorea. #notonkwar h…
 &amp;  may not want you to know, but  &amp;  do. it’s time to #getcovered at… 
i miss . 
hope this means i can count on you to oppose #trump’s proposed cuts for low-income utility bill assistance:… 
 : . &amp; i penned an oped on voting rights. we must protect the right to vote of all americans .…
oh i just wanted to share this wonderful flashback with my good friend #shirleychisholm.   happy #friday, folks ✌🏽 
a flashback to this wednesday during a committee hearing on the so-called unconstitutionality of obama's executive… 
#detroit bankruptcy court to beef up its bench.  via   
thank you  for inviting me to speak at  network legislative and policy conference.… 
but takes issue with the latter.  
ben franklin said “nothing can…be certain, except death and taxes.”  the #gop appears fine with the first, 
rather than tweeting reckless statements,  should spend his asia trip searching for a diplomatic resolution to this conflict
the framers chose congress to be the body that declares war and authorizes military action. this legislation reinforces that intent.
bipartisan and bicameral, h.r  prevents the expenditure of funds for any kind of first strike against north korea.
as  embarks on his trip to asia, we want to remind him that he cannot attack north korea without approval from congress
it is crucial that congress reaffirm its constitutional authority over approving any first strike against north korea.
soon: press conference with  &amp;  on the "no unconstitutional strike on north korea act" here: 
 : live :am: join men,   to demand no war in #northkorea w/o congressional authorization https://t…
join me,  &amp; our colleagues from both chambers today at :a for a press conference.   watch live on… 
  live tomorrow at :est:   bicameral, and bipartisan in the hous… 
tomorrow at : est rep. conyers  &amp;  to discuss their bill demanding congressional approval before an attack on nk
 : .:  has moved to strip children in #immigration proceedings of other vital protections. 📝:: https…
 : reminder:  join us for the :a #netneutrality and anti trust law hearing  watch live:  https://…
join  tomorrow for a hearing on #netneutrality. 
 : rep. conyers just introduced a bill to prevent trump from starting a war with #northkorea. thank you  for…
controlling pet coke is another step towards #environmental justice —miles to go before we are there.   
tomorrow is nov , which means just  day until you can buy or change your health care plan.   visit… 
#icymi: i urged  to move in bipartisan manner to protect #specialcounsel from partisan attacks.  
 : reminder: join us. tomorrow for the following hearings:  ⃣ #netneutrality  ⃣ #hr ⃣  admin #immigrat…
 : #breaking: conyers expresses concern ab gop efforts to divert attention from ongoing russian threat to our elections http…
#notfakenews: president #trump’s refugee policies leave tens of thousands of #refugees in limbo and danger. 
 : this is big news.  will investigate ’s “#voterfraud” commission. thanks to , , &amp; …
our committee calendar is going to be full next week, folks. i hope you can tune in to watch live. 
 : 🚨 #breaking 🚨 conyers &amp; cummings demand top #trump campaign consultants disclose details of campaign data operations http…
 : proud to join  and 's bill to prevent an unconstitutional first strike on north korea.  https:…
i am pleased that congress took action.  via   
 :       consultants which provided data analy…
 : . and  letter to cambridge analytica giles-parscale targetpoint consulting the data trust and…
glad to work on this letter with my friend &amp; colleague, , rm of .   please click the link… 
 : rms  &amp; : president trump's declaration "is essentially meaningless" w/out new $$$ to fight…
 : 🆕  &amp; : ’s #opioid announcement is meaningless w/o additional funding🆕  https:…
 : thank you  for working to keep us safe from an impulsive and incompetent administration. we must let dipl…
... commit to the diplomatic path advocated by both american experts and the #southkorean government.
#trump must immediately cease talk of pre-emptive war and...
... the power to initiate a nuclear conflict — less than a year later, those fears are far too close to being realized.
... does not permit military attacks without congressional approval. during the campaign, people feared a president  with...
that is why congress is standing up today to ensure that this administration understands that the constitution...
... reckless manner that endangers our troops stationed in #southkorea and our regional allies.”
as a veteran of the korean war, i am ashamed that our commander-in-chief is conducting himself in a... 
would ensure no funds are used to launch an unconstitutional strike that experts say would lead to catastrophic war… 
🚨 #breakingnews 🚨  
 : read the full statement from rm  at hearing on oversight of the us #refugee program:   …
 .: in swift fashion,  abandoned america’s bipartisan leadership in this arena.
 : 🚨 #breaking 🚨  passed #hr, a bill that jeopardizes the welfare of all americans.👎
#notfakenews: the obama admin issued a veto threat when a previous version of #hr was considered in the th congress. #voteno
#hr is a is a costly solution in search of a problem. i will #voteno &amp; i urge my colleagues to do the same.  
...economic distress -- can come together to provide critical aid to those most in need.”
this aid package reflects how our nation -- when called upon to address overwhelming devastation resulting from natural disaster and...
...debt relief to the citizens of #puertorico by forgiving certain flood insurance obligations and loans owed by the commonwealth.
#hr also contains much needed economic aid to those who were harmed by recent hurricanes and wildfires and provides critical...
...these judgeships permanent, i am pleased that congress took action.
...from a fully-staffed #bankruptcy court. while i would have preferred the original version of my legislation, which would have made ...
this legislation will ensure that citizens of #detroit, especially those facing economic distress, are able to obtain financial relief...
🆕conyers bill to add more judges to #detroit bankruptcy cou set to become law🆕  
 : today,  will bring #hr to the floor. this bill is an assault on americans’ health, safety, and privacy. new d…
open enrollment is much shorter this year. we only have from november st to december th to #getcovered. visit… 
open enrollment starts in one week! find a plan for yourself and your family. find a plan here:  #getcovered
 : women-owned small businesses are the economic engines of our communities, employing millions each year. they need a #abetterd…
 : ranking member ' statement opposing #hr, the “stop settlement slush funds act of ” …
#hr would also end water issues like you see in #flint, detroit, and oakland county.
my bill #hr would fund modern water systems in world’s richest country. 
 : .: bill proposes a "true guestworker program" w/o path to citizenship for current undocumented ag workers
 : .: this version of ag guestworker bill is "not an improvement over its predecessors"
 : .: ag bill "an incentive to replace well-paid american workers with temporary foreign workers at a drasti…
 : watch today's markup of #hr &amp; #hr live:   
 : this weekin committee:  ⃣ ag guestworker act ⃣  #hr “legal workforce act ⃣ refugee programs hearing  📝 https://t.c…
why won’t the #nfl address what players are actually protesting? asks michigan lawmaker  via 
speaking of #abetterdeal, have you all seen  's devastating budget? they should go back to the drawing board.
fact: instead of lowering prescription drug prices, #trumpcare would have forced families to pay even more. we have #abetterdeal.
it seems like prescription drug prices will never stop going up. americans deserve #abetterdeal: 
 : i hope everyone watches this for a better sense of the grief felt by families of fallen soldiers. they loved our best. god…
 : exciting news! 📣  and  introduce house democrats' new spanish-language twitter account. follo…
it was definitely an honor to meet mr. carson &amp; glad that he’s participating in today’s very important forum about… 
the extent of injury is particularly problematic for our youth as most brains are not fully developed until age . 
i support this bill and ask that my colleagues join me in doing so. 
in  more than  in  #latinos lived in poverty. we need an economic future that works for everyone. #hispanicheritagemonth
we celebrate #hispanicheritagemonth and the immense contribution that the latino community has made to our culture and economy.
my bill, #hr - water act - would provide the needed investment in detroit’s infrastructure. we need to act now. 
 : .’s attacks on #dreamers cut to the core of communities, and his extremist immigration "principles" wil…
. &amp;  are ok with destroying our planet.  american’s aren’t &amp; will fight this at ever… 
well that's not right, . 
 : this week's full committee #markup:  ⃣ congressional #subpoenas ⃣  #hr, “law enforcement #mentalhealth ⃣ access to…
 : being american is about more than a piece of paper. what matters are your hopes, dreams, and a belief in a better tomorrow…
this president is simply not serious about finding solutions to this country’s challenges. 
will continue to fight for the rights of all of you to be free from discrimination no matter gender, gender identit… 
i call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come to the table and find real solutions for all americans. #trumpeconomy
it is clear that trump &amp; this republican congress are more concerned with giving the top % tax breaks than helping middle class americans.
average jobs growth is far below k jobs created monthly under   in .
as republicans meet behind closed doors to slash taxes for the wealthy, today's job report shows k were lost in september. #trumpeconomy
our nation comes together in times of need. puerto rico &amp; us virgin islands should be no different. we must stand with #ourfellowamericans
#ourfellowamericans in puerto rico &amp; us virgin islands need help as they recover. we must deploy every resource to provide relief
today’s rule is no different. shame on  for this dangerous rule that sets our country backward &amp; limits women’s #reprorights
since #potus' first day in office, his admin &amp;  have relentlessly attacked women’s #reprorights &amp; access to care.
this rule allows virtually anyone -  bosses, health plans, &amp; schools - to discriminate against women by refusing to cover #birthcontrol.
. just released a contraception rule that would rip guaranteed #birthcontrol away from countless women. 
#dreamers: today is the deadline for renewal. my colleagues &amp; i have your backs &amp; we'll fight to pass the #dreamact… 
 : republicans need to stop misleading americans and tell the truth: their tax plan will raise taxes on middle class families…
 :     reminder: tune in at :am on facebook as we unveil to #…
join us this morning, folks. 
america has never truly atoned for slavery. conyers has pressed the issue for nearly  years. via    
the #equifax data breach shook public confidence in the entire credit rating industry. 
 : we raised the issue of forced arbitration (the #ripoffclause) to equifax' ceo, and their response entirely failed to addre…
 : as house &amp; senate hold hearings on equifax  is quietly courting votes to repeal consumer protections &amp; reinstate…
 : new oped w/  ranking member    on forced arbitration here: https…
 : too many communities have seen terrible tragedies. watch  take a stand to #endgunviolence at  am et.http…
read my statement to #hr. ⬇️ 
 : rm : #hr's exception for victims of rape is woefully inadequate. #voteno 
this is extremely disappointing 🤦🏽‍♂️ 
 : after  &amp;  urge   pull shameful #shareact, ryan pulls share act …
#hr is opposed by civil liberties groups, women’s organizations, medical providers, and a coalition of  nationa… 
#hr is the fifth  vote to attack women’s health care so far in the th congress. #voteno 
 : #dreamers, make sure you mail your daca renewal application today to make sure it’s received by the oct  deadline. https:…
today, , will bring up a bill that is designed to restrict women’s access to the full range of health care… 
proud to see #detroit leading the way to a more sustainable automotive future. congrats to  on this bold plan 
no one should be in jail for months or years pending deportation. we need a humane alternative to indefinite detention.
the dignity for detained immigrants act fixes our broken system and removes the profit motive behind the jailing of thousands of people.
i fully back  &amp; ’s dignity for detained immigrants act of . #dignityandjustice
 : if gop congress does nothing, its leadership is complicit. we must establish a select committee on gun violence. #endgunvi…
read my entire statement ⬇️ 
...we find ourselves once again putting out statements of condolences. moments of silence are just not enough.
 ...adopt legislation designed to actually make americans safer from gun violence. #congress must act, and it must do so before...
my  colleagues refuse to hold hearings on the scourge of #gunviolence in our country or...
...remove military-type weaponry from our streets, but it ignores the existence of this epidemic in its entirety.
not only does congress refuse to pass legislation that strengthens #backgroundchecks or...
it is unfathomable that congress’s response to these mass shootings continues to be that of complete inaction.
this horror has no place in our country, and i pray for those affected today. wishing a happy birthday to my good friend and ranking member on , .
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
wishing a happy birthday to .
.’s suggestion that americans need to worship under armed guard is absurd. we must address the ease… 
i would hope  &amp; others who have sought to divide our country by race &amp; faith would apologize for doing so &amp; m… 
as a nation, we need to confront the truth that words have consequences. the fact that we have seen a rise in hate-… 
i am horrified by today’s shooting at tree of life synagogue in #pittsburgh. i am praying for the victims &amp; their f… 
wishing a very happy birthday to my good friend, senior whip, and a powerful voice as ranking member on  su… 
. is right. gop voted to gut protections for millions w pre-ex conditions, are using the courts to end guara… 
despite gop claims, the #goptaxscam added $ billion to the deficit in fiscal year  alone. now, gop leaders w… 
joined my colleagues in urging  to extend the public comment period for ’ rule to limit free spe… 
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
happy birthday to the ranking member on ' subcommittee on asia, .
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend, . thank you for your continued work and commitment to en… 
happy birthday to my friend . thank you for your work on behalf of america's men and women in uniform a… 
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend, . thank you for your leadership as chair of .
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
the trump administration’s attempts to erase the #trans community are shameful &amp; wrong. i will continue to work wit… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
 : this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now  f…
my friend  celebrated a birthday this week — please follow him on this #followfriday. i thank him fo… 
#followfriday to my friend &amp; a leader in the fight to increase access to affordable, quality health care as ranking… 
on #followfriday, please follow my good friend &amp; co-chair of the democratic policy &amp; communications committee,… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for your leadership as co-chair of the … 
i appreciate the efforts of  and house dems to hold the trump administration accountable. i strongly… 
if  refuses to stand up to saudi arabia, it is incumbent upon congress to take a stand to not only defend u.s… 
given the reports surrounding mr. khashoggi’s disappearance, america’s relationship with saudi arabia ought to be c… 
the reported death of jamal khashoggi at the hands of saudi officials is appalling, as is the trump admin’s failure… 
i thank  &amp;  for pressing the admin on the fbi hq project. americans deserve to know why… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, senior whip, and a passionate advocate for working families in #mi… 
i'm proud to have earned a % on the  scorecard for #lgbt equality. i will continue to work with hrc and my co… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and a committed advocate for working families in #in, . than… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
. &amp; other gop leaders have made it crystal clear that republicans intend to make up the budget shortfal… 
today’s report from the trump admin that the federal deficit rose % to reach $ billion in fy  is the direct… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for your commitment to students and educators in… 
 : instead of another ohio campaign rally,  &amp;  need to get back to work!   ohioans want good paying jo…
on international #dayofthegirl we recognize the importance of empowering women &amp; girls across the globe. i thank… 
today, as we celebrate the courage of #lgbt individuals on #nationalcomingoutday, let us also recommit ourselves to… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
the disappearance of jamal khashoggi is deeply alarming. i strongly urge  to push saudi officials for answers… 
.’ op-ed is a desperate attempt to forestall a huge electoral loss, which will not work. americans know the g… 
happy birthday to my friend, . i enjoyed visiting richmond on monday &amp; touring a local small business,… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
democrats in the house of representatives are overwhelmingly committed to the security of and partnership with our… 
great to join  and hear from the founders of  about how congress can respond to the cha… 
yesterday, i was pleased to join  for a tour of  denim, a small business in richmond, v… 
today is the one-year anniversary of the #toxictrump admin’s decision to gut the clean power plan, placing the prof… 
next monday is the last day to submit your app for the  congressional app challenge. all interested #md stude… 
i was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former senator joseph tydings, a proud marylander, a good friend,… 
honored to join the national fallen firefighters memorial service &amp; give thanks for the sacrifices of fallen heroes… 
 : good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   …
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and physicist, . thank you for your work to advocate on behalf… 
the confirmation of judge kavanaugh is the result of a partisan, hypocritical process the gop implemented to achiev… 
 : we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure our…
honored to receive 's trailblazer of the year award last night. i'm proud of the work we’ve done togethe… 
pleased to meet with  leadership to discuss house democrats’ #makeitinamerica agenda &amp; learn about the… 
enjoyed spending #manufacturingday touring &amp; hearing from employees of  windows manufacturing facilit… 
 : as a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. it’s an oath i was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one th…
beyond the unemployment rate, the admin &amp; congressional gop’s policies are making it harder for workers &amp; entrepren… 
as wages continue to stagnate, the economic expansion of the last several years has still not been fully felt by wo… 
we should all be encouraged by today’s #jobsreport that our economy added , jobs in september. however, the a… 
i have met with individuals here under #tps &amp; want to thank  for its hard work on their behalf. i will c… 
yesterday’s court ruling was a relief in the short term for refugees w #tps, but congress must still provide a long… 
republicans should admit that they no longer care whether an individual has the temperament or the impartiality tha… 
today has exposed what a sham this #scotus confirmation process is. the fact that the fbi “investigation” failed to… 
 : time’s new cover: how christine blasey ford’s testimony changed america  
happy birthday to my good friend &amp; a powerful voice for social justice in the house, . thank you for… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for your leadership &amp; commitment to improving the c… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
it is incumbent upon  &amp;  to follow the laws &amp; the directives of our courts to #reuniteeverychild.… 
these children were, frankly, treated like animals in pens, a tragic chapter in the history of our country that wil… 
the  ig report reveals an admin placing politics ahead of children’s well-being. it is unconscionable that t… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and ranking member on ’ subcommittee on courts, intellectual pro… 
for the past  years, gop and trump admin have repeatedly attacked the federal civilian workforce by undermining pa… 
pleased to meet with md chapter of  to express my gratitude for their service &amp; discuss some of the most pr… 
it is unacceptable that republicans are sabotaging americans' health care. ' report underscores the s… 
deeply disappointed by the admin’s decision to effectively deny u.s. visas for same-sex partners of diplomats &amp; … 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
wishing a happy th birthday to ! i'm proud to represent the hard working federal employees at  i… 
i’m pleased that the institute has been awarded $ million through the assistance to firefighters grant program ove… 
great to visit  with chief barksdale this afternoon to tour the facility &amp; meet with firefighters to thank… 
as i reflect on this shooting &amp; many others, i am angered that congress has failed to do its job &amp; keep the america… 
on #october, our nation experienced the worst mass shooting in its history, w  people killed &amp; over  wounded.… 
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend and a strong advocate for working families in #ca, . t… 
happy birthday to my good friend and senior whip, . thank you for your work leadership as founder and… 
read my statement on the updated #nafta agreement announced by the trump administration:  
congress and the public must be reassured that such a dramatic shift in direction for this project is based on full… 
it is incredibly alarming that the revised plan suddenly proposed keeping the new fbi headquarters at the pennsylva… 
joined colleagues in sending a letter to  requesting an investigation into the decision-making process f… 
there is much more to be done to address the opioid epidemic. we need to ↑ funding for treatment &amp; expand coverage… 
pleased that democrats &amp; republicans were able to come together today to pass legislation to address our nation’s o… 
the #goptaxscam bill was wrong the first time around last december, and the #goptaxscam . wrong again now.
republicans are doubling down on tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of the middle class w the #goptaxscam ..… 
house republicans just voted to explode the deficit even more to give another round of tax cuts to the wealthy. … 
republicans are already using the #goptaxscam as an excuse to cut social security, medicare, and medicaid.  now, th… 
the #goptaxscam . is more of the same from : same rushed process; same impact that benefits the wealthie… 
the #goptaxscam added trillions to the deficit to give tax breaks to the wealthiest &amp; corporations. now, … 
today,  is doubling down on their tax cuts for the wealthy by voting on #goptaxscam .. dems will oppose… 
after years of railing about deficits,  is doubling down on their deficit-exploding #goptaxscam with a sec… 
i am proud of the  walking to the senate to stand in support of dr. ford this morning. #believewomen 
americans know the #goptaxscam benefits the wealthy instead of working families and will put medicare &amp; social secu… 
this morning, republicans are doubling down on their flawed #goptaxscam with another bill that gives enormous tax b… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
joined  &amp;  to hear from  officials on their report on the state of minority… 
today on the floor, house republicans will begin consideration of three tax bills, an attempt to cover up the fact… 
i believe dr. christine blasey ford. she is courageous &amp; compelling. we owe it to her, to those who have been subje… 
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend, a chief deputy whip, and a strong advocate for expanding access to affo… 
happy birthday to my good friend &amp;  freshman representative, . thank you for continuall… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
when the gop undermines our federal civilian workforce, they make it more difficult for our govt to function effici… 
appreciated the opportunity to lead the national capital region delegation in meeting with reps from federal employ… 
i encourage all to read this powerful op-ed by my good friend, . thank you for sharing your powerful… 
today, the house passed legislation to fund our military, safeguard our nation’s health, educate our people, &amp; prot… 
today, i announced my original co-sponsorship of ’s war powers resolution addressing the crisis in… 
i stood in solidarity w dem colleagues to support dr. ford &amp; her decision to come forward w a credible accusation a… 
since traveling to #puertorico &amp; #usvi in the aftermath of hurricanes irma &amp; maria, i have advocated for changes to… 
joined  today in sending a letter to  inspector general requesting additional details about the… 
pleased to speak w members of the md council of  today. i thank them for their service to our natio… 
in addition, the house will vote on a reauthorization of , which includes disaster relief funds for north &amp;… 
today on the floor, the house will consider  bills including appropriations for departments of defense, labor, he… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
happy birthday to my friend &amp; a strong advocate for texas’ working families, . thank you for your fo… 
i am pleased the house passed legislation tonight that imposes additional sanctions on entities supporting the terr… 
honored to join as a host of this year’s  #nyoy gala. congratulations to the national youth of the yea… 
 : on #nationalvoterregistrationday,  commissioners tom hicks and christy mccormick commend the efforts of electionofficial…
 : your vote is your voice!! today is #nationalvoterregistrationday - whether you are a democrat or republican, add yourse…
 : the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
 : change happens when you #vote, simple as that. take the first step by registering to vote this #nationalvoterregistrationday…
 : from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on #nationalvote…
 : on #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to vote. re…
 : from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on #nationalvo…
 : did you know hispanic/latinos are the least likely group of voters to cast a ballot? your vote is your voice. learn how…
thanks to , hundreds of #md students will be able to visit national parks this school year. glad to see t… 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, i applaud the work of voter registration organizations. i also thank… 
the right to vote is the foundation of our system of government &amp; on #nationalvoterregistrationday i urge everyone… 
happy birthday to my good friend and ranking member on ’ subcommittee on europe, eurasia, and emergin… 
while  pursues #goptaxscam ., democrats are focused on policies #forthepeople, including lowering health… 
. the american people know this bill is more of the same failed policies from republicans that cut taxes for those… 
. we also know – because the  &amp; congressional gop have said so on the record – that they plan to cut ea… 
. we know it’s a giveaway to the wealthy at the expense of the middle class. st #goptaxscam gave % of the benef… 
. we know the #goptaxscam . would worsen the already massive budget shortfalls caused by the first round of tax… 
. we know the gop broke their promises to the american people with the first #goptaxscam including the false claim… 
this week, the  is doubling down on their deeply unpopular tax law by bringing #goptaxscam ., another ta… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for your leadership on  to advocate f… 
a few years ago, i visited douglas point in #md with then-interior secretary jewell to raise awareness about the… 
once again,  is close to allowing the land and water conservation fund expire. this fund protects our nati… 
i also said to press that  is continuing to pursue extraordinary fiscal irresponsibility with their attemp… 
i also told reporters that i am pleased the faa reauthorization on the floor includes disaster relief $ following… 
at my weekly press conference, i told reporters dems will support a bipartisan government funding bill on the floor… 
today on the floor, the house of representatives will consider  bills. 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
 : esta semana presenté el discurso semanal demócrata con respecto al primer aniversario de #maria. exigimos respuestas de…
happy birthday to ranking member on ’ subcommittee on health and technology, .
happy birthday to my friend, senior whip, and first vice chair , . thank you for your lea… 
as we mark today's anniversary, we recognize the struggle for equality in the eyes of the military continues. i con… 
today we mark  years since the end of the discriminatory 'don't ask, don't tell' policy. today, our military is st… 
i join in wishing speaker mike busch a quick recovery from his recent surgery. he and his family are in my thoughts… 
check out this report from ’ rural america task force &amp; chair  that addresses issues imp… 
while the  has said that  ‘remains proud of all the work’ his administration undertook i… 
on the one-year anniversary of #hurricanemaria making landfall &amp; wreaking havoc on the #usvi, #puertorico, &amp; gulf c… 
very glad that both  police officers shot last night are in stable condition. my thoughts are with the off… 
joined  and local officials in charles county today to discuss public safety and ways congress and l… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for your leadership on ’ subcommittees on… 
house democrats’  online all star competition was filled with creative videos, graphics, and gifs. congratulati… 
read this  post on my speech focused on returning to a government of, by, &amp; #forthepeople. if entrusted with… 
wishing a happy st birthday to . thank you for seventy-one years of bravery, service, and #airpower to… 
did you know this saturday, /, is ’s ? museums across the country, including many in md… 
as #yomkippur begins this evening, i join in wishing all who observe a meaningful day of reflection and an easy fast.
by selectively declassifying documents relating to the investigation into his campaign’s possible collusion with ru… 
in , i joined with the md delegation in requesting  take action to reduce harmful emissions from power plan… 
america was founded as a haven for those fleeing poverty, war, &amp; violence to find safety &amp; build a better life. the… 
happy birthday to my friend &amp; chief deputy whip, . thank you for your leadership as … 
what happened at navy yard was a tragic example of how our nation’s laws have failed to protect our people. i will… 
 years ago, a gunman brought terror to washington navy yard, killing  &amp; injuring  public servants.  of the vic… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and a strong voice for national security on , .
i’m honored to join the  annual civil rights movement pilgrimage each year, which provides the oppor… 
today, let us not only honor the lives and memories of the four taken from the world too soon, but also recommit ou… 
fifty-five years ago today, white supremacists took the lives addie mae collins, cynthia wesley, carole robertson,… 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for joining me on the #makeitinamerica… 
as we continue to call for action to address these challenges, we also reflect this month on the proud history of l… 
my colleagues in the  have been fighting hard for all of them, &amp; i will continue to partner with the… 
as we celebrate #hispanicheritagemonth, let us keep in our hearts the children who remain in detention, #dreamers l… 
finally, i thank my good friend  for hosting a meaningful conversation about opioid addiction in commun… 
i also thank my friend  for the opportunity to speak on the importance of engaging small biz in the… 
proud to join members of the  this year at the #cbcfalc. thank you to  for your panel on… 
after  passed their #goptaxscam . out of committee yesterday, here’s a reminder that the first… 
thank you to  for the recognition of this year’s woodrow wilson award for public service. i’m honor… 
american taxpayers want tax policies that make sense, that are fiscally sound, and that enable our nation to afford… 
#goptaxscam is the perfect example of everything wrong with the gop congress, which has abjured regular order &amp; all… 
today,  passed their #goptaxscam . out of committee on a party line vote. this bill would further… 
 : .: #potus comments today that puerto rico death toll of , was fictional account by democrats are appalli…
i commend      for their work to ensure bipartisan pass… 
i strongly support h.r. , which would create an ambassadorial-level special envoy to monitor and combat anti-se… 
happy birthday to my friend and  chairman, .
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and vice chair of , . thank you for your leadershi… 
as we mark  years since enactment of the violence against women act, we are reminded that #vawa expires in four l… 
today on the floor, the house of representatives will vote to pass bipartisan funding bill for energy &amp; water devel… 
only donald trump would try to make the deaths of nearly , americans into a story about himself and his politic…  looking forward to the collaborative effort to address harmful algal blooms in our great lakes. we need all hands o… 
the new  led lake erie center for fresh water &amp; human health is a st century effort to figure out the proper… 
we stand with pittsburgh, it’s jewish community, her heroic first responders, and all citizens of goodwill against… 
prayers for those who suffer at the hands of hate in pittsburgh today. america and the world mourn with you. 
pleased to deliver major federal investment to the chessie circle trail advancing our region’s bike &amp; walking trail… 
thanks to berea’s first responders for the tour of their new ladder truck! long overdue equipment upgrade made poss… 
congrats to  on the announcement of new investments to study lake erie!  we need all hands on deck to solv… 
on-board the sandpiper in the maumee river watershed today with  and  discussing harmful algal… 
overturning safety rules put in place after the massive #deepwaterhorizon oil spill is another bad  idea.… 
ohio has been a bull’s eye of destruction due to the original nafta. town after town lost good jobs at good wages a… 
to provide sustained funding for treatment, recovery and supportive services for those suffering in ohio &amp; across t… 
bipartisan action on opioid crisis today is long time in coming.  the suppo for patients and communities act is a… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
 : glri is having a positive economic impact on great lakes region .  happy to be a part of this through our work on …
proud to stand with my colleagues on the congressional pollinator protection caucus to release monarch butterflies… 
it’s national voter registration day.  are you registered to vote?   in ohio, visit  to regi… 
 : tomorrow is the th annual #publiclandsday! #getoutdoors &amp; visit our national parks &amp; other public lands for free to celebrate…
the financial crisis inflicted widespread, devastating costs on millions of american families. all told, more than… 
the #cfpb, which was created by #doddfrank, put nearly $ billion back into the pockets of  million consumers &amp;… 
#oneyearaftermaria devastated puerto rico she still needs our help. it’s time to stop denying the terrible loss of… 
finally, a victory for the people! this supreme court action is one step forward on the path toward restoring the a… 
you can’t make this up. the ’s tax giveaway lets well-paid executives write off their pricey corporate jet… 
the land and water conservation fund is an important federal tool in our continuing efforts to protect mother earth… 
though congress does not deserve a pat on the back for simply doing its job, as a leader in these negotiations, ple… 
tax windfalls from the #goptaxscam should be used to increase the wages of hard-working people that power businesse… 
 : .: this bill increases funding for many important priorities in the department of energy and with our natio…
retirement security is a bedrock american value we must protect! protecting and expanding social security for futur… 
. is preparing another round of tax giveaways to the wealthiest %. this is not what the american people n… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard.…
voting should be easy + accessible to every citizen. we must remove barriers to voting.   in ohio,  million have b… 
big telecom companies shouldn't be allowed to take advantage of consumers and slow down service. we need… 
today we remember the souls we lost to tyranny on / as well as the brave first responders who risked and sacrifi… 
though  took the long way to a bipartisan, common sense spending agreement, i am glad we finally were able… 
 : #otd in , commodore oliver hazard perry defeated the british in the battle of lake erie. the victory was a turning poi…
icymi: watch our roundtable discussion on protecting our democracy from foreign influence and the #refuseact with… 
shana tova and best wishes to those observing #roshhashanah⁠⁠⁠. happy new year! 
we must keep up the diligent work of closing the skills gap in all our communities. whether that is a four-year col… 
the house welcomed its newest member, rep. troy balderson, to washington this week. this one election cost $ mill… 
this list keeps getting longer and longer as each day goes by… #cultureofcorruption 
as  spent labor day attacking labor leaders, i take a look at his record on helping working people. flat wage… 
the public is sick of the chaos. americans need predictability from our government. shutdown antics don’t help our… 
 : congress is looking at #nordstream. today, cepa led a roundtable on the hill hosted by  &amp;  on the wa…
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
thank you,  for your work to address the issue of intern pay and make the people’s house a little more f… 
congress cannot sit idly by while the american people’s health security is faced with such uncertainty and instabil… 
.' promises about lower costs and better coverage have yet to materialize. instead, we are witnessing a susta… 
as health costs soar, the attacks on americans’ health care by republican leaders in congress continues.… 
 : .: i am disappointed that  has refused to follow the senate in a bipartisan appropriations process…
 : . ranking member , subcommittee  ranking members ,  &amp; , and …
 : staing soon: house and senate conferees meet to discuss the fiscal year  military construction-va, energy-water, and…
 : the congressional round-table on foreign influence starts in just  minutes.   featuring , …
we are live now. follow along on our facebook page now:  #refuseact 
👇👇👇 
 : today at : pm opensecrets researcher  will moderate a roundtable discussing foreign influence in the us. t…
 : #whatsatstake with justice kavanaugh’s nomination?   the next court could be presented with critical decisions regardi…
 : please join  and me tomorrow on her facebook live at :pm for a roundtable discussion with …
tune in: join us tomorrow on wednesday, sept.  at : pm for a facebook live roundtable on reining in foreign in… 
 : at toledo's labor day parade,  said: "there are many values that are being tested. the people who are here to…
 : dozens of unions were represented in the annual #laborday parade in downtown toledo.  …
through blood, sweat and the bravery of men and women who stood up against powerful forces through collective actio… 
my mother, anastasia helped organize a union at the champion spark plug plant in toledo and my father steven labore… 
. made promises to fight for workers, yet his administration's policies continue to roll back worker safety,… 
education funds should not be used to arm teachers but to prepare and educate our children for the jobs of the futu… 
now  is canceling pay raises for workers?  , federal workers in ohio will no longer see their negotiated… 
from my colleague  on protecting military families from predatory lending practices:   “…there’s no… 
. promised that big corporations would use their massive tax windfall to give workers and middle class fam… 
 : . want to invest in election security &amp; prevent hostile foreign powers from undermining our democracy, yet…
heartland workers know that the details matter in these trade agreements. we have seen the job destruction that… 
watchdog calls out trump administration for failure on predatory student loan practices. we need dedicated advocate… 
yes, great news for parma! city will receive $ million federal investment to improve water &amp; sewer infrastructure.… 
congress must have its say on this administration’s #nafta. simply, any new north american trade agreement must rai… 
the #goptaxscam continues to pad the coffers of the megabanks while most american families are left behind. more ev… 
i extend deepest sympathies and abiding gratitude to mrs. cindy mccain, and senator mccain’s lovely mother, roberta… 
america has lost a freedom fighter who fearlessly and robustly guarded liberty’s ramparts at home and abroad. senat… 
our bipartisan coalition, working together toward healing lake erie. now let’s double down on this effort, and keep… 
happy nd birthday to the ! our public lands are treasures that we must protect for future genera… 
 :  if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by refusing…
 : in the first half of , the us trade deficit with china rose by %. 
americans need a helping hand with soaring health care costs. congress must act to provide relief, yet  do… 
that would be ohio’s ninth district. though i am honored to represent america’s north coast, we must end extreme pa… 
america’s legal system proved once again our nation’s bedrock strength is founded in the law not men, no matter how… 
creating good jobs and growing the green economy are not mutually exclusive. this is a backward move by  and… 
as the american people digest this news, it is critical we ensure that the mueller investigation continues without… 
from bank fraud to lying to federal officials to campaign finance violations there is a clear culture of corruption… 
my statement on the #manafort conviction and #cohen guilty plea:  the road to justice is long but today we are one… 
until we repeal #citizensunited we must work to protect our democracy against foreign influence. our bill is a star… 
 : today we remember u.s. rep. stephanie tubbs jones, the first black woman to represent ohio in congress. it's been  y…
an important read. after years of taking from ohio’s cities and towns to make the state coffers look good, ohio lea… 
we need trade agreements that lift our workers up, raise wages across the board and provide workers and businesses… 
this is a win-win for seniors to get fresh fruits and vegetables and also helps to put dollars in the pockets of ou… 
rip aretha franklin: a singular, unique talent, a woman of courage, a national treasure. 
 : new research from  and  shows that top ceos made  times more than their workers . https://…
a pleasure to meet rudy santibanez and his friend zoe out at westgate this week. thank you for your service and sac… 
 : i worked as a print reporter for  years before serving in congress, so i've seen the news business from both sides. here's…
the land bank of lucas county has removed or restored , blighted homes in two years. congrats on this important… 
unacceptable.   our students should be able to enter the workforce with out this crippling burden of student debt. 
social security was established  years ago today as a bedrock program helping to provide retirement security to o… 
get outside if you can at some of ne ohio's best parks. 
 : what is ' #forthepeople agenda? ✔lower health care costs &amp; reduce the price of rx drugs ✔raise wages &amp; crea…
 : i want to talk to you about the #aimhigheract &amp; how improving higher education is a priority for . every stu…
check it out! #greatlakes 
if  and  succeed in rolling back protections for those with pre-existing conditions, about  million… 
icymi: our bill to address medical worker shortages at the va and train medical students caring for our veterans pa… 
. has enabled &amp; embraced an agenda that favors special interests over the american people.   there have be… 
this is a good step, but we need real action by congress to fix our broken campaign finance system. 
congratulations to  and thank you for helping prepare young people for jobs of the future at the new aeros… 
americans need a helping hand to drive their health care costs down, not so-called “junk plans” that will not provi… 
“when the costs of aging are off-loaded onto a population that simply does not have access to adequate resources, s… 
featuring ohio's ninth district! 
 : thank you so much for your time and attention ! we had a very exciting meeting with all the united way’…
harmful algal blooms take their toll on our property values, our economy, our environment and threaten clean water… 
"...faster inflation plus mediocre nominal-wage growth — and you get a stagnation in real wages. welcome to the tru… 
from northwest ohio -- to the olympics in tokyo in ! keep it up alyssa! 💪🇺🇸 
#familiesbelongtogether 
 : councilman  was joined by mayor frank jackson , , councilwoman …
 : thank you  for supporting rental assistance that keeps lakewood seniors housed &amp; healthy!  …
" is the missing piece in any forceful counter to russia's continuing attacks on the u.s. electoral… 
 : breaking news: russia is still trying to influence u.s. elections, several national security chiefs bluntly warned in a white…
 : great to see human rights remain a part of the conversation as we talk measures vs. #russia. this by  is a…
since day   has been in violation of the constitution’s emoluments clause, which states a president cannot a… 
we need to rein in foreign influence in our democracy and make sure u.s. elections belong to the american people ag… 
"some of the biggest winners from president donald trump’s new tax law are corporate executives who have reaped gai… 
 : real wage growth under trump fell flat over the past two months and have been running decisively slower than under obama.…
today is the rd anniversary of medicare and medicaid!   and we continue our commitment to these bedrock national… 
bad trade deals and gop inaction on immigration reform have led us down a path that harms and punishes workers and… 
these are not alternative facts.  it’s on the gop as #goptaxscam adds $ trillion to the deficit… and so far, worke… 
check it out… you can text a buoy in lake erie and it will text you back with the weather and water conditions.… 
we need more action to stop the flood of anonymous, insidious #darkmoney from corrupting our elections! 
applaud these workers for standing together to bring about positive change for their families and their community.… 
. set adrift. the incident is under investigation, but what a metaphor for what has been done to ohio’… 
the trump administration is undermining protections for americans with preexisting conditions in federal court.   c… 
icymi: our bill to bolster training opportunities for medical students caring for veterans passed the house. will h… 
 : on 's watch  redacted info from its review of national monuments. is the trump admin looking fo…
thank you  for organizing this roundtable with retirees regarding our efforts to address the looming… 
 : americans should be able to count on congress to fight to lower costs for their families. instead,  &amp; house r…
the average family in northern ohio will face a $, premium increase in  due to republican led efforts to sa… 
it is official, our vet hp bill has passed the house! thank you   and  for worki… 
the vet hp act takes an important step toward addressing the gap we face in providing our veterans with the care they are owed.
our bill creates a pilot program to get medical students training in areas where there is a shortage of staff to care for our veterans.
watch: the u.s. house is debating my bill the vet hp act that would expand training and shadowing opportunities so… 
 : millions of americans worked hard for ,  or even  decades with the promise of retiring in dignity. under …
good news as the city of lorain moves a step closer to securing a u.s. veterans affairs outpatient clinic. this has… 
📉 
we have to make sure this never happens again as clean water is a right of every person. meanwhile…  wants… 
deeply disturbed by the attack on ukraine anti-corruption activist, vitaliy shabunin. we must stand with those who… 
why is the trump administration hellbent on dismantling the health care of millions of americans? we need real acti… 
 years ago today, on july , , neil armstrong as part of the apollo  mission became the first man to walk… 
my question for : will this result in real, concrete job training opportunities for our workers in the heartl… 
 : with their tax law that gives $. trillion worth of benefits to big corporations and the %, republicans are making ame…
"[we] must never tolerate actions that seek to weaken democratic institutions in the u.s. and our allies abroad. ru… 
last week retirees gathered from across the country in columbus, oh to demand action on the looming pension crisis.… 
 :  led debate to defeat bank lobby effort to limit usps expansion + innovation on #postalbanking. watch here:…
we must do more to #protectourdemocracy from those who want to do us harm.  reversing course on investments in elec… 
while i’m fighting to rein in foreign influence on our politics, the trump administration moves to protect anonymou… 
today, on the anniversary of #senecafalls, which gathered to promote equal rights for women, i'm speaking out to de… 
a critical report on how health insurers are using personal and social media data to make decisions about your insu… 
thanks to those from across ohio and the nation who came to lift their voices and be heard as congress mulls soluti… 
cc:  #helsinki  
if the executive branch won't do its job in protecting our elections from the influence of secret and foreign donor… 
thank you for stopping by! 
watch: i condemn  performance in helsinki yesterday as feckless and unpatriotic. russia's vladimir putin is a… 
 : .’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  reagan. clint…
russia is a fierce enemy of liberty everywhere.  failed us today ignoring all intelligence info and groveling… 
 : that #trumpputin press conference was a disgrace.  just committed a shocking betrayal of his duties: dismissing ru…
 : check out the the latest episode of my podcast, plate of the union, where i discuss urban agriculture with rep. marcy kaptur…
 : #plateoftheunion ep.  is online now!  &amp;  sat down with  &amp;  urban agricul…
from : "six months after the tax cut and jobs act became law, there's still little evidence that the averag… 
as the #worldcup comes to an end, watch our  video oped on our bipartisan resolution condemning russia’s vi… 
as ohioans are facing health insurance premium hikes for , what do we see from  and the trump administ… 
 : trump issued anti-worker executive orders making it easier to fire federal employees with little cause. almost two doze…
 : with their tax law, republicans prioritized the well-off and well-connected, not average working families. democrats bel…
as close friends of the polish people, i urge the polish authorities to recommit to principles rooted in the rule o… 
an independent judiciary is critical to preserve democratic protections and provide checks and balances against ove… 
i thank poland for its deep and long standing commitment to the u.s.-polish alliance.   unfortunately, i am concern… 
 : today marks the th day of oleg #sentsov's hunger strike. oleg, a citizen of #ukraine, is serving a  year prison sent…
as americans face the pressure of ever-rising drug prices, we must asap to address this crisis and provide the amer… 
a good step was made yesterday toward transparency on drug prices. this report gets the information and data we nee… 
congrats  —  $. million in dept. of energy funds for energy storage research. further cementing northern o… 
this report helps with more transparency on prescription drug prices.  our next step is real progress down the road… 
i am deeply concerned with the president’s continued undiplomatic, belligerent conduct in public towards our closes… 
whether it is bad trade deals like nafta or changing technology, we must remain committed to ensure workers have th… 
 : just in: the house appropriations committee has adopted  amendment ordering  to submit a plan to prompt…
 : during house #fylaborhhs markup,  criticizes a proposed more than $ million cut to . #osha i…
 : .: we could choose to expand worker protections and job training. we could choose to reach more kids through h…
working with  and my colleagues on the appropriations committee today to fight for working people, defe… 
 : with the gop’s latest attacks on protections for americans with pre-existing conditions, there’s a strong chance the sup…
honored and humbled to continue making history together, representing the ninth district and the city of toledo thr… 
we need to make voting easy and accessible so every citizen can exercise their constitutional right to vote! despit… 
 : it was watching the clarence thomas hearings—and seeing how my voice and the voices of people like me all across the count…
a must read on how the  policy of separating children from their parents is playing out:… 
#stopkavanaugh #whatsatstake 
a reminder of what is at stake with a new appointment to the supreme court:   - the future of unions and collective… 
 :  tour vietnam war veteran and port clinton native steven fultz finally received his service medals today.  awarded bronze sta…
. +  are taking us backward by attacking consumer protections and rolling back historic reforms cong… 
icymi: our bill to help get more quality health professionals into the veterans health administration has advanced… 
happy fourth of july! 🎆🎇  #julyth
 if you agree we need to curb the influence of foreign money on our american democracy!   read more on our work h… 
extraordinary service. fbi details suspected fourth of july terrorist plot for downtown cleveland 
the professional work done by the men and women of our fbi and local law enforcement helps keep america safe from t… 
if you or someone you know needs assistance with veterans’ benefits, social security or medicare, tax refunds, or a…  this has been calculated to save $. billion annually by the office of inspector general at the department of heal… 
a better way to address growth in part b drug prices would be to follow a recommendations by the nonpartisan medica… 
moreover, changes to part b could shift more costs onto seniors and in some cases may jeopardize access to chemotherapy for cancer patients.
this will likely have only a modest impact on overall medicare spending and will do next to nothing to force drug c… 
instead, the administration has put forth a package that addresses relatively narrow issues in part b while complet… 
pres. trump again failed to call for basic reforms that meaningfully cut prescription drug prices, e.g. allowing se… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
trump issued guidance allowing insurance providers to avoid covering pre-existing conditions &amp; get federal subsidie… 
more instability in an already unstable trump administration...  
the fatal flaw of nafta  years ago must be fixed... the u.s. must actively work with mexico to achieve basic chan… 
i delivered remarks at this morning's u.s. house foreign affairs committee hearing. the committee heard testimony a… 
gm’s decision to move cadillac’s global headquarters back to michigan is a welcome acknowledgement of the clear adv… 
#publiclands supports millions of jobs related to recreation activities which are made possible through conservatio… 
congressional republicans have failed to deliver on president trump’s campaign promises to cut prescription drug co… 
the gop majority has prevented votes on bills to reduce cost growth for medicare part b drugs, allow medicare to ne… 
when aung san suu kyi said “there are of course ways in which with hindsight i think the situation could have been… 
 : this shows how far secretary devos will go to protect corporate interests and prevent defrauded students from getting…
i'm proud to join + of my colleagues on the #expandsocialsecurity caucus. these are benefits you've earned. it's… 
since the republican tax law was signed, wages are not keeping up with inflation, health care costs are rising, and… 
today, i spoke from the house floor today calling my colleagues to advance a resolution i introduced last week whic… 
 : ranking member : “[] is now also pointing the finger at congress, calling on us to clarify our…
it is within her power to free two reporters imprisoned for revealing the truth about the treatment of the… 
i met personally with aung san suu kyi a few years ago and was inspired by her story of not only perseverance but t… 
today, i introduced a resolution calling on burma’s civilian government, led by aung san suu kyi, to release two jo… 
in july () the franklin-bingham and sterling heights fire departments and in august (… 
the importance of these grants cannot be overstated and it is why i continue to support robust funding for this pro… 
i am happy to announce that the madison heights fire department was just awarded a dept. of homeland security grant… 
 : schools need new technology, more funding for art &amp; stem classes, and stronger mental health services for students. th…
 : #onthisday in , dr. king stood atop the steps of the lincoln memorial and delivered his famed “i have a dream” speech. h…
based on earlier discussions &amp; information available today, there is no such assurance that this core issue will be… 
a revised #nafta must assure that this pivotal issue be effectively addressed. the administration has not consulted… 
two groups of workers - independent union vs. ctm-controlled - highlight the need for labor reform in mexico which,… 
earlier this year, reps. pascrell, delauro, &amp; i - along w/ + house democrats - reminded the trump administration… 
i strongly urge the administration to stay at the bargaining table as long as it takes to ensure a good deal for am… 
after today’s announcement that the u.s. and mexico have come to an agreement on a revised #nafta, it remains highl… 
meeting just now with a group of workers in mexico who were fired from their jobs in a tire factory after they went… 
if a rewrite of #nafta fails to forcefully and directly address [suppressed labor rights &amp; wages in mexico], the re… 
we hope our trip will further illuminate the essential importance of this issue, especially as negotiations over… 
any new #nafta cannot address this critical problem indirectly or with half measures. it must tear down this long-s… 
mexico's industrial policy of keeping wages low by suppressing workers' rights has led to the outsourcing of u.s. j… 
i am in mexico this week with  (uc berkeley), gladys cisneros (solidarity center), &amp;  (usw) t… 
by eliminating cost-sharing reductions for lower-income families, canceling advertising to raise awareness of low-c… 
a new report released by the independent, non-partisan government accountability office (gao) highlights the harsh… 
aretha franklin was a unique artist whose voice transcended the arts. while she will be missed by countless people… 
under the aca, the mi uninsured rate fell from . percent in  to . percent in . it was a step forward.… 
great news! the legal services corp. awarded lakeshore legal aid a $, pro bono innovation fund grant. i've su… 
 : we've received many resolutions honoring #semcog.  entered this into #congressionalrecord, recognizing semcog f…
i’ve introduced bills to strengthen medicare by adding dental, vision, &amp; hearing benefits; improving consumer prote… 
most of you have a family member or friend in the community who receives medicaid benefits – including tens of thou… 
today is the rd anniversary of medicare &amp; medicaid, which improve the quality of life for millions of hard workin… 
democrats should stand up tall and say that the aca was a major historic step in the right direction.… 
like social security, medicare, and medicaid, this is becoming part of the bedrock of care and provisions for the b… 
 
don’t come here &amp; minimize the impact of aca. we worked hard on in &amp; we meet so many people who benefited from what… 
doubling the amount that individuals can contribute tax-free – as this bill does – will make no difference to the m… 
very few families with modest incomes can afford the high out-of-pocket expenses required in order to participate in an hsa.
expanding hsas and shifting more americans into catastrophic coverage, as h.r.  does, will not meaningfully hel… 
this week, i led the democratic response in the floor debate on h.r.. the republican congress &amp; trump admin. co… 
sergio marchionne, former ceo of fiat chrysler, passed away today. he played a vital role in reviving the industry… 
traveled to flint today with , leader  &amp;  to get an update on the… 
it was wonderful to meet with  yesterday morning to discuss efforts to fight poverty and improve the… 
today, i introduced the medigap consumer protection act. it will prevent discrimination &amp; ensure that all medicare… 
today marks the th anniversary of the malaysia airlines flight mh, which was shot down by russian forces in ukra… 
by even the woeful standards of this administration, pres. trump’s statements at the summit were deeply disturbing.… 
happy to announce that dhs awarded the franklin-bingham fire department  $, &amp; the sterling heights fire depar… 
vulnerable populations, those with disabilities, &amp; young adults – many of whom would otherwise be uninsured w/o in-… 
last year the trump administration cut affordable care act navigator funding from $ million to $ million and to… 
the lack of enforceable labor and environmental standards twenty five years ago permitted trade and competition to… 
the election of the new mexican president provides an opening to address the key flaw in nafta... - 
 :   #deliverthemessage #familesbelongtogether michigan  
 : thank you ! thomas j. gibson, president and ceo of ,  recognized rep. levin with a congressional ste…
 : enjoying hearing  interview the  senate/house leaders whose committees wrote &amp; passed the affordable care act…
 : "unfortunately, of the millions of older americans who could benefit from hearing aids only % have ever used one." …
instead of wasting time on partisan bills that attempt to arrest and deport our way out of a broken immigration sys… 
the two failed immigration bills put forth by republicans would have provided no real path forward for the dreamers… 
today’s scotus ruling in janus v afscme is deeply misguided and distressing. it turns its back on what helped publi… 
 : these are the  men who drove passage of the aca being interviewed by : but for joe lieberman, there would likely be…
proud to stand with  and my fellow democrats. we cannot allow the trump administration's inhumane fami… 
now more than ever, against this administration’s anti-immigrant &amp; anti-refugee policies, it is especially importan… 
today is #worldrefugeeday. last year, michigan welcomed over , refugees &amp; i am a proud cosponsor of h.res.,… 
the trump administration blanket approach of separating families at the border  is wrong. child welfare &amp; medical e… 
the trump administration is not only walking away from americans with pre-existing conditions, it is joining the fi… 
according to the non-partisan house fiscal agency, mi sb  will both end #medicaid coverage for up to , peop… 
 : . (d-mi) on trump saying the affordable care act is done: “once again, he’s wrong.” #axios
 : rep. sandy levin: "we need to realize that the health of people is supremely important. and that’s what drove aca." https://t.co…
to wrap things up at #axios w/mike allen talked about the need to bring back a little bit of the  o’clock caucu… 
talking about how access to health care coverage is necessary in order for people to reap the benefits of innovatio… 
speaking with mike allen at this morning’s #axios forum on the rising costs of health care and how to meet this… 
during #immigrationheritagemonth we are reminded that from founding of this country to this day, america is made gr… 
i was fortunate to have known bobby &amp; his example continues to inspire all of us to carry the torch in the fight fo… 
the  #medicare trustees report shows the financial future of the medicare program deteriorating under president… 
today, the us dot announced a major grant award to the mound road project. the $ million infra grant will transfo… 
i remain committed to working towards protecting equal rights for the lgbtq community. (/)
today's masterpiece cakeshop v. co civil rights commission decision by scotus, while specific to the case, is a cle… 
clearly, the status quo in international trade has not been working for american workers and important sectors in o… 
there is no doubt that american steel &amp; aluminum workers have lost jobs because of the unfair trading practices of… 
the ambassador's statement is outrageous, wrong and harmful. it undermines the necessary efforts to sustain biparti… 
when it comes to pay, moms are at a disadvantage earning  cents on the dollar to dads. it is even worse for moms… 
that is why i am a proud, original cosponsor of h.r. – the raise the wage act – in the current congress. the figh… 
but it hasn’t been increased in almost a decade since and with increased costs of living we must continue to ensure… 
on this day in , the fair minimum wage act was signed into law. i was an original cosponsor of the bill and vot… 
i am proud to join my colleagues in signing the discharge petition to call for a house floor vote on h.j.res.. w… 
in a recent report by the non-partisan cbo, an estimated  million more americans will lose health insurance betwee… 
#netneutrality helps libraries serve our communities, individuals be better informed &amp; educate themselves, &amp; small… 
ordinary americans aren’t really feeling much benefit from the gop tax bill – because it really wasn’t designed for… 
 : former  director douglas holtz-eakin has said before that tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. at this morning’s …
pres. trump's rx drug costs announcement rejects  of his own campaign promises: using the medicare program’s enorm… 
when it comes to the #rohingyacrisis, congress must not accept neutrality or any shade of it. we must stand tall on… 
a new nafta should pass congress based on its merits and not on the threat of withdrawing from the existing agreeme… 
by withdrawing from the iran nuclear agreement today, pres. trump increases the danger for us all. leading nations… 
national prescription drug take back day is this sat., apr. th, am-pm. according to the dea, the non-medical u… 
in response to concerns by members of congress () &amp; immigration lawyers, the ag has backtrac… 
 : our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see. the question is how will we send them into tha…
the flint water crisis was a man-made disaster. lead exposure can have lifelong impacts on neurological &amp; behaviora… 
today, the th court of appeals is hearing arguments in hamama v. adducci. i filed an amicus brief w/,… 
#goptaxscam provision on pass-through income another huge handout to the very wealthy. new analysis confirms those… 
i have long-supported congressional efforts to reaffirm the armenian genocide and have joined my colleagues in send… 
i joined + house democrats in objecting to ag sessions’ termination of  legal assistance programs that help ens… 
today, i discussed gun violence prevention w/students from royal oak high school &amp; lincoln high school. for them, t… 
michigan senate voting today on a bill without knowing its full consequences on the health of michiganders was a mi… 
house gop leaders drag their feet while lives remain in limbo. it’s past time for the house to debate bipartisan… 
today, i along w/ ,  &amp;  sent a letter to mi gov snyder expressing concerns o… 
republicans pushed a tax law that overwhelmingly benefits the wealthy &amp; corporations, while blowing up the deficit,… 
i have co-sponsored h.res.. this resolution, if passed, calls for an end to the dog and cat meat industry. it ur… 
if today’s legislation was only about hiding the real republican record on rising debt, it would be bad enough. but… 
on yom hashoah, #weremember the holocaust’s devastating demonstration of the depths to which those who commit &amp; tur… 
the #goptaxscam overwhelmingly benefits the wealthiest americans &amp; corporations w/o closing loopholes &amp; raises the… 
the pay ratio gap in mi is %. women have to work longer to put food on the table, pay for education, purchase a c… 
had a great meeting today with students from macomb and oakland counties to discuss gun violence and school safety. 
 years after his death, dr. martin luther king, jr. remains a bright beacon for all those seeking justice, equali… 
from what we understand about the new agreement with south korea, there are some small measures of progress, but we… 
i visited city council meetings in ferndale, madison heights, eastpointe, roseville, &amp; warren to discuss the recent… 
this morning, i met with students from berkley who have had #enough of gun violence and urged congress to take legi… 
i met with students from bloomfield hills today. we need to make sure that weapons of war are not turned on our chi… 
it was wonderful to meet these inspiring students from berkley this morning. they are here demanding #gunreformnow. 
tomorrow, i'll be welcoming students from my district &amp; mi who will be in dc urging congress to take immediate acti… 
as pres. trump &amp; congressional gop continue their effort to sabotage &amp; undermine the law’s key provisions, they wou… 
countless middle-class families, patients with preexisting conditions, children who can stay on their parents’ plan… 
eight years ago, president obama signed into law the affordable care act. since then, more than  million american… 
today, i voted in favor of increasing our investment in supporting medical research, combating the opioid crisis, r… 
macra was a bipartisan effort that mitigated recurring threats of draconian medicare cuts. but, we must not ignore… 
mexico must tear down its structures of an industrial policy built on suppressing its workers that impacts american… 
working with  to lead over  members of congress in support of robust funding for the drug free co… 
so sad to hear about the passing of my colleague and friend, rep. louise slaughter. she never hesitated to speak ou… 
robust funding for the great lakes restoration initiative is vital to the public health &amp; economy of our region &amp; t… 
proud to lead a bipartisan letter to preserve funding for a critical nutrition program for seniors. over  of my… 
 : proud to have led the charge with  in a letter to house appropriations subcommittee on interior, environmen…
congratulations to my colleague, my congressional classmate, &amp; friend, , who will soon become the lo… 
then, i joined my colleagues in walking out of the capitol in support of students doing the same across the nation.… 
just spoke on the house floor calling for house republican leaders &amp; the president to allow votes on legislation to… 
sec. devos’ recent comments sound like they were crafted to absolve president trump &amp; gop leaders in congress from… 
this crisis in steel and aluminum has shown the fallacy of the prevailing notion that disequilibriums in trade will… 
honored to deliver the john d. greenwald memorial lecture and keynote address at this morning's  intl trade upd… 
about to deliver the john d. greenwald memorial lecture  iiel’s  international trade update.
friday, april ,  is the deadline for the  congressional art competition for high school students in michi… 
the time may be finally coming when the voices of grieving parents and terrified students will be heard over the bo… 
about to chat with  from  about the current health care policy landscape and challenges.… 
 : join  house ways &amp; means subcommittee on health's  &amp; , for first-hand insight into the latest…
i am saddened to hear of the passing of my dear friend, former state rep. maxine berman. her many accomplishments d… 
yesterday, i introduced a bill that would require prescription drug manufacturers to pay a rebate when the price of… 
proud cosponsor of h.r.. it strengthens the background check system, closes loopholes &amp; helps keep guns out of… 
this past december, the  was the grinch that stole a free and open internet. there is bipartisan concern and ou… 
suppressed wages in mexico, driven by a lack of independent unions and an inability for workers to collectively bar… 
we have had far too many moments of silence.  we now need a moment of action on gun violence. #studentsdemandaction
sec. mnuchin claims he has the authority to respond to this latest form of gaming, but the truth is that the carrie… 
today, i filed a friend of the court brief in support of the plaintiffs' stay of removal in hamama v. homan. i was… 
the values of the trump budget are as out of whack as the budget deficits he is driving up. 
i am saddened to learn about the passing of former rep. joe knollenberg. he will be missed. 
one of my concerns w/housegop cr bill-“there are provisions that are not included that might have been… i just look… 
the opioid crisis is the defining public health issue of this generation. the longer congress and the administratio… 
not only does the nunes memo hide the truth that russia interfered with our election, it also seems designed to giv… 
i am overjoyed to hear about the court decision to grant bond to mr. sam hamama, a chaldean christian being unfairl… 
joined by ms. nahrain hamama  sotu. her husband is among + mi iraqi christians arrested &amp; detained last year by… 
reps. delauro, pascrell, &amp; i led a letter, signed by  members of congress, to the u.s. trade representative dema… 
see my statement with my colleagues, reps. kildee, dingell, and lawrence regarding our no vote on the continuing re… 
#trumpshutdown = congressional republicans inability to govern + an erratic president lacking leadership to bring t… 
once again the trump administration is recklessly attempting to gut the primary office responsible for combatting a… 
proud to stand with bend the arc jewish action and so many dreamers who are following in the footsteps of the gener… 
pres trump is sinking to a new low with highly offensive comments about people from certain countries.  see my stat… 
pres trump is once again undercutting health coverage for the american people – this time by announcing that states… 
 :  fwd_us "there's a great group of michigan dreamers here today. thank you repsandylevin for the meeting! #protectdrea…
pres trump said the economy was terrible under pres obama but now says slightly worse jobs numbers in his first yea… 
 : government is about choosing. congressional republicans chose poorly. 
does passing a very unpopular #goptaxbill cost republicans the speaker’s gavel?  follow the falling gavel for early… 
in all of my  years in congress, the gop tax plan is one of the most deceitful bills i have ever seen.  here are… 
just in: tpc says gop #taxscam gives % of tax breaks to top % by , while ultimately raising taxes on over tw… 
 : c-span #newsmakers guest this sunday dec. , amet --   ... questions via  &amp;    https://…
 : u.s. reps , ,  and  host a town hall in madison heights on the republ…
still waiting for final details on gop tax bill, but here's a sketch of what we are expecting. 
last day to get covered! 
the internet should remain open and accessible for all. i strongly oppose overturning the open internet order put i… 
millions of middle-class families will see their taxes go up under gop plan.  see my statement at today's tax confe… 
alabama's and america's better angels spoke last night.  congrats to both!
the middle class is dramatically being left behind, and in some cases, run over by the republican tax bill 
open enrollment for health ins. under aca ends in one week, so make sure to log on to  and r… 
there is an overriding need for the world to step up to the plight of the rohingyas in burma.  
thank you for all the kind words and good wishes on my announcement that i will not run again. 
companies say they’ll turn over most gains from corporate tax cuts to shareholders, not to middle class wages under… 
so the house passed the #goptaxscam. read my blog if you're looking to understand what happens next 
if you missed it -- you can read my remarks as delivered here   it was a great discussion! i appreciate your engagement in the relevant issues of the day and wish you all continue… 
i applaud the initiative of  and  for documenting in this report the devastating imp… 
i am thankful for the service, both abroad and here at home, of all of our veterans, and i thank kathy kazmierczak… 
enjoyed seeing the wonderful paintings at the chesterton art center last week. i thank executive director wendy mar… 
proud that the uss indiana will carry our state's great name as the u.s. navy's th virginia-class attack submarin… 
appreciate the opportunity to speak with representatives from the great lakes coastal zone management program in ch… 
i appreciate everyone connected with northshore health centers for the time of their life they’ve given all of us i… 
this is the next step in the journey of creating new jobs and economic activity in northwest indiana. 
as we enter labor day weekend, let us take a moment to recognize and thank all the hardworking men and women of lab… 
i congratulate mayor snedecor and the hobart fire department for their diligent work to successfully utilize this f… 
i congratulate chief fazekas and all the administrators in lake station for successfully identifying and obtaining… 
appreciated learning about the continued investments and expansion projects at indiana beverage in valparaiso. it w… 
enjoyed chatting recently with sister peg and nurses at the sojourner truth house in gary. i thank you for your ser… 
pleased to discuss on  my work through the appropriations committee to address the multiple threats posed b… 
i commend  on their vision and application. i believe that their proposal will augment the prior investments… 
pleased to join chief hein and members of the dyer police department last week as they celebrated the retirement of… 
appreciate the opportunity to sit down with stephen tallackson and other members from temple israel in gary and the… 
congratulations to the student engineering team with  civs for winning this grand prize award from… 
enjoyed meeting with my friend and military academy board member don nelson last month with fellow  member… 
as we recently celebrated #juneteenth, i encourage you to click below to read about the history and importance of t… 
i am proud to cosponsor rep. nadler’s #keepfamiliestogether legislation. the inhumane action of the administration… 
on june , , the continental congress approved the design of a national flag, and today,  years later, we c… 
today, the house appropriations committee is considering the fy defense act. its timely enactment is essential to… 
the steel industry is the economic foundation of the northwest indiana economy. it is imperative that american taxp… 
enjoyed speaking with members of the committee on pipe and tube imports during their recent annual conference in wa… 
i thank the members of the  for advocating last week at their annual legislative conference on behalf of al… 
i am disturbed that the administration has hesitated to implement these tariffs. for years, china has made promises… 
i will continue to do everything possible to support the capital investment grant program and our region’s applicat… 
thank you to all of the attendees and presenters at last week’s military academy night. for those unable to attend,… 
congratulations to the  on the grand opening of their merrillville training facility and northwest indiana r… 
i was pleased to recently attend the alliance for a healthier indiana town hall event at indiana university northwe… 
reminder - this monday at : p.m. at indiana university northwest is the  military academy night. i encourage… 
i will remember ed as a good friend and one of the kindest individuals i have ever met. he will remain the epitome… 
it is deeply regrettable that today’s decision will damage our country’s credibility as a negotiator, our relations… 
click below for details about my  military academy night. i encourage all students interested in military servi… 
it was great to tour the saic office at the purdue technology center in crown point this week. i enjoyed hearing ab… 
i was pleased to attend the ceremony for the new inductees of the times business and industry hall of fame. your ex… 
appreciate the recent discussion and thoughtful questions from students at the northwest adventist christian school… 
honored to be able to participate in the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new couple and family therapy center… 
 : thanks to    gsd dan vicari, gcc  #rwyatt #mcc  laying found…
i greatly enjoyed the recent invitation to read to students  in gary. 
pleased to testify this morn before the thud appropriations subcommittee and say the investment to improve and expa… 
it was great to join portage cub scout pack  at their pancake breakfast at first united methodist church last we… 
this #equalpayday marks how long it would take for women to catch up to the wages of men. i am proud to cosponsor t… 
i thank the u.s. army corps of engineers, mayor karen freeman-wilson and the gary common council, and mayor christo… 
great news for the city of gary! i congratulate mayor freeman-wilson as well as the u.s. department of housing and… 
as we remember martin luther king, jr. today,  years after his untimely passing, let us renew again his commitmen… 
pleased to speak on the house floor last week in support of the community civility counts initiative and the celebr… 
greatly enjoyed meeting with students from  as they visited our nation’s capital this past month.  i ap… 
i congratulate the hanover and the tri-creek school corporations for successfully seeking out this federal grant pr… 
 please contact my dc office at --.  we would be happy to do our best to assist you.
reminder that submissions for the  congressional art competition are due in the merrillville office this friday… 
i was honored to participate in  tribe tv and discuss the significant issues involved in our nation’s gun… 
had a great discussion this morning with representatives from the united steelworkers and steel companies during a… 
attention employers and job seekers - save the date of march , : a.m., at southlake mall for information on g… 
appreciate the opportunity to recently meet with employees and tour the training facility of korellis roofing in ha… 
during women’s history month, we recognize, commemorate, and celebrate the achievements of women. i encourage you t… 
i had a great time at the valparaiso kiwanis club pancake day on saturday. i thank all the members of the club and… 
had a great time seeing the progress at the national mascot hall of fame recently with whiting mayor stahura and ho… 
on a legal and level playing field, american steelworkers can compete with anyone in the world, and the u.s. govern… 
i would encourage any individual impacted by the recent flooding to visit this state-sponsored assistance center -… 
click below for all the details on the  congressional art competition. i am always heartened by the thoughtful… 
i believe that by expanding job opportunities, improving our environment and investing in our transportation infras… 
twice in the last  days, the president of the united states has said he would act on the recommendations of the s… 
 : thank you  for your staunch support of radio and tv broadcasters in indiana. we appreciate you taking the time t…
pleased to be able to attend the valparaiso kiwanis club meeting last week with guest speaker sheriff david reynold… 
i am proud to support #netneutrality and cosponsor legislation to overturn the  adoption of a regulatory framew… 
enjoyed seeing the outstanding solar panel project and automotive technology display by lowell high school students… 
appreciate the opportunity yesterday to discuss our regional economy and global trade issues with the … 
it is past time that the president uses the recommendations from this report to take action to support and defend o… 
i encourage president trump to act with the utmost urgency and send a resounding message that the foundational equi… 
as we continue in black history month and pay tribute to the generations of african-americans who struggled with ad… 
appreciate the opportunity to meet this week with mr. artan grubi, a member of the assembly of the republic of mace… 
congratulations to  local  on your th anniversary! you don't last for  years unless you serve each ot… 
when our country operates under continuing budget resolutions, the strength and readiness of our military suffers a… 
coming to an agreement has proved elusive since the president’s budget proposal eviscerated funding for programs th… 
today’s funding crisis began almost four months ago on october , , and until a budget is established for our m… 
establishing a bipartisan budget agreement is my most immediate priority so that we can adequately and quickly fund… 
jump to : of lakeshore public radio’s show to hear some of the questions and answers from the town forum held i… 
i deeply appreciate the commitment to public service from our new u.s. attorney, thomas l kirsch ii. i thank you fo… 
i thank everyone who took the time to attend one of my  town forums. as we move forward this year, i would enco… 
i deeply regret to learn about the closing of atco-gary metal technologies and the impact this has on all the emplo… 
reminder - town forums start tomorrow - click below to find a town forum near you. 
congratulations to john parsons on your retirement. northwest indiana is indebted to you for your dedicated service… 
i am pleased that congress came together to reauthorize crucial firefighter grants. fire departments in northwest i… 
thank you to linda lawson for your years of public service and ability to bring people together and improve the liv… 
pleased to see the wonderful progress from  and the wild bison herd in the kankakee sands preserve. i ap… 
testified this morning at the itc in support of american steel producers and steelworkers. i also was pleased to me… 
i am excited to hold my annual town forums beginning next week on january . these town forums are incredibly bene… 
enjoyed visiting earlier this month with the future leaders of tomorrow from daisy troop # from valparaiso. we… 
signed this letter to speaker ryan that stated we will not be complicit in any effort to undermine access to afford… 
i support net neutrality and joined  of my colleagues this week in urging the fcc to delay today’s vote. i will… 
congratulations to the northwest indiana islamic center on your th anniversary! i was honored to join you in cele… 
enjoyed spending time with all of you at the  new arts &amp; science building.  thank you to chancellor and… 
the deadline to sign up for health care coverage through  is this friday.  i'm also pleased… 
happy birthday indiana! otd in , indiana was admitted as the th state in our union. for additional informatio… 
great to see this progress for constructing a u.s. customs and border protection facility at the . i… 
appreciate the incredible value that  brings to our regional economy, and also how they are a great… 
the deadline to participate in 's open enrollment period for coverage in  is fast approa… 
pleased to speak with chris nolte on lakeshore public radio’s regionally speaking earlier this month to discuss the… 
daca participants work legally, pay taxes, and contribute to the us economy. they do not deserve to be in this situ… 
i believe that tax reform legislation must provide greater equity among taxpayers, encourage productive economic in… 
this morning i testified at the u.s. itc hearing on wire rod. i stated that we must not waiver in our efforts, and… 
 : congressman pete visclosky and quilts for vets honored a battle of the bulge survivor in cedar lake today. son-in-law: “it’s l…
 : thx    
honored to speak at the  career service awards ceremony at the u.s. international trade commission last week. i… 
happy to celebrate the nd birthday of the u.s. marine corps this week with these outstanding marines, including… 
we must do all that we can to defend american steelworkers and stop the illegal trading practices of china. 
pleased to be able to talk with secretary perry and other members of the nuclear security working group about the d… 
 : steel caucus urges  to defend american steel during visit to china   …
pleased to speak with  last week about the exciting work happening in northwest indiana to create jobs and tra… 
pleased that my office was able to provide mr. ron cortez, a vietnam veteran and hamburger hill survivor, a flag fl… 
we are currently in 's open enrollment period for coverage in . click the site below for… 
today, the u.s. house of representatives approved my legislation to designate the indiana dunes national lakeshore… 
i congratulate the port of indiana-burns harbor for successfully obtaining this federal grant. these federal funds… 
 : steel caucus urges president to complete steel imports investigation    - …
last week i voted for additional emergency funding for fema to respond to the recent hurricanes and i will do all t… 
according to ,  in every  women and  in every  men have experienced rape in their lifetime. we must do… 
 : . &amp;  announced the  awards grant to develop national civil rights hall of fame!  htt…
appreciate the opportunity to attend the opening of the new lake ridge fire protection district facility. i thank a… 
i am incredibly disappointed that congress has allowed the authorization of chip to expire, putting the health insu… 
pleased to recently sit down with keith kirkpatrick on lakeshore focus. stay tuned for the upcoming broadcast next… 
it is great to see how  is partnering with local employers to ensure that northwest indiana has a workfor… 
had a great discussion recently with the residents and guests at the brentwood community in hobart. i thank all the… 
click below to visit my website page dedicated to hurricane maria disaster response resources. additionally, should… 
community health centers provide invaluable services to our region and countless individuals and families. that is… 
today i signed a letter to president trump that urged him to deploy additional assets to support puerto rico and th… 
if you or any of your relatives in pr/usvi need any assistance please contact my office at --. 
 : we had a great meeting with  this afternoon. thanks for your time! #cancerlobbyday 
 : thank you  for standing with cities. #nlcdc 
now is the time to build upon the initial guiding principles of the marquette plan and realize the full economic po… 
 : another milestone with our #nato partners today!   more years solidifying our partnership with slovakia!  #wearenato #spp…
 : very grateful  spent the day in south bend learning about the south shore line w/ , …
 : if you’d like to help people affected by #harvey, connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting: …
devastating news about hurricane harvey. we must continue to do all we can to support our fellow americans. 
 : congressman  sent letters of congratulations to the radio stations being honored today in the first congressiona…
pleased to see these fire departments collaborate to obtain this critical grant that will improve public safety. 
below is my statement in response to president trump’s comments on the u.s. nuclear arsenal. 
this is another great step forward for creating new economic opportunities and economic growth in our region.  
i congratulate governor holcomb and the indiana ports commission for successfully securing these federal funds: 
 : joe, , , , mayor copeland, &amp; other leaders discuss east chicago lead crisis w …
 : this is an all-hands-on-deck approach. glad to be with , , , mayor copeland and resid…
 : local  met w/ rep. visclosky about legislation that impacts working people in indiana. #uswworks …
i will continue to oppose anti davis-bacon amendments that undermine the ability of workers to earn fair wages. 
 : . and  share great pride in the contributions of  to the community and economy of n…
below is a clip of my opening remarks from today's house consideration of the fiscal year  defense appropriatio… 
appropriations committee approved 's bipartisan amendment. congress must stop hiding from this debate. 
 : thank you  &amp;  for championing #buyamerica in the interior appropriations today!
appreciate the response of all federal, state, and local entities addressing the dangerous threat of asian carp. 
pleased to support  aumf amendment. congress has constitutional responsibility to develop clear and c… 
recently met with canadian mps and discussed how we can build upon our trading partnership and address global steel… 
i hope that congress will realize the value of improving the health care system through an open and fulsome debate. 
we must do more to support and defend american unions. 
 : #indiana history has been made. legislators and officials on  double track   https:/…
it is great to see the extraordinary progress that is occurring along the grand calumet river as plant life and ani… 
delivering remarks today as appropriations committee considers fy defense act that allocates funds for our brave… 
 : visclosky presses for navy steel to be built in burns harbor:  
pleased to sign this letter to support strong buy american policies in upcoming nafta renegotiation discussions. 
i will continue to advocate for strong buy america requirements to support national defense and dedicated workers. 
my thoughts and prayers are with capitol police, my congressional colleagues, staff members, and all impacted by this morning's shooting.
 : big thanks to  for meeting up with  yesterday on the hill at #aachallenge! #afterschoolwor…
thank you to all who participated in last week’s military academy night. click here for more info on how to apply:… 
 : thanks for taking the time to meet with us, . we're thankful for your continued support! …
pleased to announce the promotion of several staff members of the dc office who have ties to northwest indiana.… 
the purpose of government is to protect people, not hurt them. i remain opposed to republican health care legislation. #votenoahca
i encourage all students interested in attending a u.s. military academy to attend the  military academy night:… 
proud that the future uss indiana will carry forward both our brave sailors and the name of our great state.… 
this #workersmemorialday, i thank all  and manufacturing companies for rededicating themselves to prio… 
 : great meeting with  about higher education and iu student issues! 
 : thank you, , for meeting with awo members and talking about the importance of the maritime industry. #awobarg…
appreciate the outstanding work of all of the organizers and participants in last week’s world civility day.… 
greatly enjoyed touring  facilities last week. i thank you for all of your great work to support ameri… 
honored to attend a celebration for the recently formed state of indiana national guard partnership with the republ… 
proud to speak this week at the th biannual nuclear triad and advanced conventional strike symposium at… 
proud to support the paycheck fairness act because women deserve equal pay for the work they do. 
click below for all the information on the  congressional art competition:  #cac… 
appreciate the time of all of the panelists and attendees for being a part of this informative discussion.… 
it was great to meet this week with hammond high school jrotc students on the steps of the u.s. capitol building. 
you can also read my full statement on #ahca on my website: 
#ahca does not improve the well-being of americans. you can watch my full speech in opposition to the bill here: 
i will be speaking in opposition to the #ahca on the house floor shortly. you can watch it live on : .
#ahca is a bad deal for patients and providers.  i will oppose this legislation.
thanks to the #aca,  million people now have health insurance. gop repeal bill would drop  million from their insurance plans.
great to meet with  plate products as part of  #actiondays.  k tons of 🇺🇸steel in each cvn!
had a great time recently touring the edsal manufacturing - amazon warehouse in gary. appreciate their commitment t… 
i deeply regret that this revised order remains fundamentally inconsistent with our country’s value of inclusivity. 
i am very concerned about the possible negative consequences this legislation will have on the citizens of nwi. 
this women’s history month, i encourage you to explore the remarkable legacies and stories of american women at .
 : loved meeting with and listening to . incredible insight, wisdom, and fight in this man. #istandwithpp #wearepp htt…
 :  thank you for your time, energy, and commitment to help end prostate cancer! #zerocancer #zerosummit #pr…
 :  c/d lt maxwell c. montgomery and c/sra sean c. rapley meet with the honorable  in washington, d.c…
disappointing news. i will continue to do all i can to support buy america requirements for infrastructure projects. 
happy casimir pulaski day! appreciate the recognition from the polish american congress and their great work to sup… 
great to sit down and have a productive discussion with governor holcomb and members of the indiana congressional d… 
i thank all participants for attending this budget event and  for fostering such productive conversations. 
pleased to recently meet with members of the tajikistan parliament and the serbian parliament through the… 
i was honored to recently receive the u.s. army’s distinguished civilian service award from acting secretary of the… 
i appreciate the action of gov. holcomb to recognize the immediate concerns of calumet residents in east chicago. 
as we proceed in black history month, i encourage everyone to explore the informative resources through : 
please join me at the "how would you balance the federal budget?" event with ! rsvp here:  anti-semitism has no place in america. my thoughts are with the congregation of the tree of life synagogue, the jew… 
the opioid crisis has affected thousands of oregonians and cut far too many lives short. i'm proud to be an origina… 
last week i got to visit shelton turnbull, a -percent employee-owned printing company and one of eugene's oldest… 
the saudis say khashoggi died in a fist fight—more lies. the u.s. has condoned their actions for decades while they… 
student loan servicers have been lying to borrowers. my bill, the higher ed act, would ensure that those who serve… 
the great shakeout earthquake drill will take place tomorrow, october , at : am. remember--when the ground st… 
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be… 
more than , people in or suffer from alzheimer's—and that's not including the caregivers and families of those… 
congratulations to  student justin gallegos on becoming the first professional athlete with cerebral palsy… 
president trump is dragging the u.s. into another unending conflict in the middle east, this time in yemen. i  led… 
not only does climate change affect our weather and sea levels, it is extending wildfire season by months and makin… 
thanks  for connecting students to place-based education at . i helped to expand the oregon… 
a conservative-led supreme court will threaten not only a woman’s right to choice, but voting rights for generation… 
brett kavanaugh is a die-hard partisan political operative who has shown that he does not have the temperament to b… 
today is the th anniversary of the wild and scenic rivers act. i’m proud to be a leader in congress in protecting… 
ten years ago, wall street crashed our economy and then came crawling to congress for a $b bailout. defeating th… 
today, house gop passed a bill to make permanent massive tax cuts for the wealthy and cap state and local tax deduc… 
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
met with members of the  today including sause bros. of coos bay. we discussed the jones act, which req… 
i’m proud to have helped secure long-overdue funds to help oregon’s fisheries after last year's poor salmon season.… 
 : it’s a frightening reality—airliners full of passengers who cannot be safely evacuated within  seconds.
the supreme court has taken the first step towards transparency by ordering "dark money" groups to reveal the sourc… 
last year republicans passed their tax bill, a behemoth that exploded our national debt and cut taxes for the very… 
meanwhile, multinationals continue to enjoy tax loopholes under the gop tax law. my bill would put an end to incent… 
republicans said multinational corporations would bring $ trillion home if they got a tax break—they were $. t… 
i strongly support 's efforts to rid oregon of m- cyanide bombs. today i sent a letter to… 
pompeo promises the saudi coalition has reduced the risk of harm to yeminis—despite the fact that saudis keep bombi… 
 years ago, our country changed forever.  today and every day, we remember those who lost their lives and the fir… 
i'm pleased congress passed a bill (almost identical to mine), to provide better financial counseling for lenders &amp;… 
the #kavanaughconfirmation hearings are an absolute farce. if kavanaugh joins the supreme court, he will erode prot… 
a republican lawsuit to dismantle the aca's protections for pre-existing conditions--backed by president trump--beg… 
nafta has devastated american manufacturing and sent millions of jobs overseas. while i will wait until i have the… 
we are facing a student loan crisis in the u.s., and young people are crippled by their loan debt for decades after… 
while i had many disagreements with john mccain over the years, he was for decades unquestionably a dedicated publi… 
i’ll be hosting town hall meetings on the coast this week - i hope you’ll be able to join me! 
thanks to president trump and the #goptaxscam, big banks have reported record profits this quarter -- $. billion… 
today i passed the isaac lee patterson bridge, which spans the rogue river. built in , it’s on the national reg… 
reflecting on the michael cohen guilty plea, the last president who was an un-indicted co-conspirator was richard m… 
representatives are doing fewer public events this august than ever before. my ten town hall meetings account for m… 
great meeting with members of the senior companion program of lane county last night. since i started the st… 
great to see the oregon alzheimer’s association  last night. proud to support #nih funding for alzheimer’… 
to those who have received my newsletter: congressional rules dictate i soften my language and say 'i believe' befo… 
absolutely disgusting. trump's mar-a-lago buddies have hijacked the va and are profiting off our nation's vets. thi… 
i'll be holding two town hall meetings this thursday, august  -- one focused on issues affecting senior citizens i… 
can you believe this?! trump's latest scheme is to borrow more than $ billion---without congressional approval--… 
with fire season underway, remember that drones can be deadly if flown in the wrong place at the wrong time. recrea… 
if brett kavanaugh is confirmed, a woman’s right to make her own medical decisions will be threatened. i pledge to… 
 : today, ranking member  took to the house floor to discuss the important, bipartisan maritime safety and…
i’ve hiked thousands of miles in my lifetime, and the trek to devil’s staircase was one of most challenging and rew… 
my august town hall meeting schedule is now live on my website at . i hope to see you at a t… 
 : scott pruitt foolishly tried to eliminate ’s ability to stop projects that would contaminate drinking water. …
just a week after  russians were indicted for election interference and  hrs after trump refused to hold putin… 
u.s. intelligence has proven that russia has interfered in the  election, and they're planning to do it again.… 
president trump today stood next to vladimir putin—who has repeatedly, sometimes violently, undermined democratic i… 
the trump administration continues to roll back health care protections for consumers one shameful step at a time—t… 
#scotus nominee, kavanaugh, is an activist  who will roll back decades of progress for working americans, women, mi… 
congrats to ,  #collegeworldseries champions! #beavernation 
the #janus decision just dealt a blow to working families across the country. unions sustain our families and make… 
i’m proud to support  as they compete in the #collegeworldseries. good luck in tonight’s game.… 
today i stood with my democratic colleagues on the house steps in protest of president trump's cruel policy of sepa… 
the trump administration’s #familyseparation policy is inhumane, immoral and will have a lasting negative effect on… 
today, the ’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues.… 
the trump administration is trying to take us back to the days when insurance companies could charge more or even d… 
meanwhile, social security is still expected to become insolvent by . my legislation would keep the ss trust fu… 
our worst fears about the gop’s attacks on medicare are coming true: as a direct result of gop tax cuts for the wea… 
instead of hitting opec hard for manipulating oil prices, president trump is secretly asking saudi arabia &amp; others… 
registration for the  starts monday, june . if you're a middle or high school student with an idea… 
i visited the roseburg airport yesterday to see the new precision approach path indicator -- equipment that will ma… 
i was honored to meet glen kuskie today, a roseburg wwii veteran who survived the bataan death march and went on to… 
one ceo made $. million last year. another earned , times her median employee's pay: six c.e.o. pay package… 
this #memorialday i join my fellow americans in honoring the courageous men and women who have laid down their live… 
i'm pleased that the u.s. and canada will formally start renegotiating the columbia river treaty at the end of the… 
twenty years ago today, lives were lost and changed forever at thurston high school, a stone’s throw from my home i… 
today i introduced a bill requiring airlines, railroads, and other transportation systems to enact formal sexual ha… 
with the help of , myrnie and i have welcomed a new addition to our family. everyone, say hello to… 
the senate just passed a bill to restore #netneutrality and keep  the internet open, free and fair for everybody. n… 
 : ranking member  sat down w/  to discuss #infrastructureweek and his priorities including: -faa reau…
during the campaign, trump promised he'd  lower rx drug prices. today, he announced a proposal that does nothing to… 
the trump administration has scrapped the cfpb's office for students and young consumers -- the only office in the… 
while far from perfect, the #irandeal was negotiated by a broad coalition of our allies and moved us towards the go… 
 : glad to have  professor/associate dean tuba ozkan-haller, ph.d. at today's #coastguard hearing to explore how e…
new data shows the trump administration's st quarter trade deficits with mexico and china are the largest on recor… 
got a big thank you from crewmembers ursula, susan, lorretta and barbara from , photographer veda, and… 
 : watch ranking member ’s statement on h.r., the bipartisan #faa reauthorization act✈️: …
i just introduced a bill banning any paper products imported from countries that refuse to meet the u.s.'s high env… 
quarterly reports are in, showing that the #goptaxscam was a huge gift to wall street--the u.s. is borrowing $ bi… 
with climate change-deniers like president trump and scott pruitt at the helm, it's more important than ever before… 
visiting the beautiful south coast today! 
welcomed my colleagues  and  to coos bay today. after a roundtable discussion on the nee… 
i've repeatedly pushed trump to bring a wto challenge against opec for their blatant manipulation of oil prices. le… 
even defense secretary mattis urged president trump to seek congressional approval before the recent strikes in syr… 
after working with blm and coos county for many years, i’m pleased to announce bastendorff beach will be transition… 
 : today, rm  and aviation rm  sent a letter to  expressing concerns about the faa's ov…
thousands of young oregonians are struggling with student loans, yet the gop is slashing student aid. i've introduc… 
 : breaking: upon request from top house/senate democrats, non-partisan government accountability office found  violate…
rejoining the tpp would be a disastrous about-face. we ought to be moving away from the failed trade policies of th… 
on average, women are paid just  cents for every $ paid to male counterparts. for women of color, the #wagegap i… 
 : icymi: ranking member  released the following op-ed in yesterday’s washington times expressing concern o…
i'm glad the omnibus spending bill will include a much-needed funding fix for wildfire suppression. wildfires will… 
 : watch ranking member ’s opening statement during today’s hearing on last year’s catastrophic #wildfire s…
last fall president trump called elephant trophy hunting 'terrible'; this week, he's lifting a ban on importing ele… 
had a good and productive meeting with the interim varhs director dave whitmer. he briefed me on positive changes b… 
"the tax bill was sold as a way to create jobs and boost stagnant wages. so far, at least, corporations have been s… 
elsie and sophie, our dc office dogs, are proud to announce that i've been named a  legislative champ… 
today i met with the american legion department of oregon to talk about policies that support and protect oregon's… 
without #netneutrality, big corporations could have an unfair advantage over small businesses online. they deserve… 
i am joining  of my colleagues in cosponsoring legislation that will #savetheinternet.
#netneutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites and applications we see online. #savetheinternet
three months after president trump signed the #goptaxscam into law, the results are in -- investors and wealthy sha… 
i visited the eugene airport today to check out the brand-new tsa precheck lane and also got to visit the control t… 
on february , , oregon joined the union. happy birthday to the beaver state!   
valentine’s day is one of the biggest tip days for workers, but president trump is proposing a rule allowing employ… 
 : house democrats #abetterdeal infrastructure plan is five times bigger than president trump’s #infrastructurescam.   #abe…
wall street is gearing up for another party over the still-unreleased trump infrastructure scam. instead, we should… 
this just in: moody's says the u.s. aaa credit rating is under "downward pressure" thanks to the massive national d… 
 : ranking member  delivered the weekly democratic address  on #abetterdeal and the need for investment in…
president trump has repeatedly promised to shrink our trade deficit with china. it just hit a record high. i'm tire… 
a pa woman sees $. increase in her weekly paycheck. compare that to people who earn more than $k, who will se… 
while president trump shilled for the #goptaxscam and celebrated massive tax cuts for the wealthy today in ohio, th… 
devin nunes has made it clear that he cannot remain non-partisan in his role as house intel chairman. i'm calling o… 
president trump loves to brag about his accomplishments -- i wonder when  we'll hear about the "tremendous" drop in… 
this week, i read the controversial memo authored by house intel chairman nunes. while i cannot go into details abo… 
my statement on the resignation of varhs director doug paxton: 
i was disappointed with president trump's pandering, platitudes and props in tonight's #sotu. you can read my full… 
great interview with  earlier today about what i'm working on at home and in dc. 
bumbling from short-term fix to short-term fix is not only irresponsible, it's dangerous, leaving our nation vulner… 
if house gop is *actually* worried about the children's health insurance program, why have they let it remain unfunded since september? 🤔
, individuals apply for social security and medicare every day -- but their applications will be delayed until… 
the most basic function of the majority party -- particularly one that controls the house, senate and white house -… 
the #trumpshutdown is already impacting thousands of oregonians - community health centers, which serve , in l… 
president trump's party controls the house and the senate. it's up to them to end the #trumpshutdown.
the 'master negotiator' asked congress for a bipartisan deal, which was delivered to him last week. he rejected it.… 
we cannot continue to run the government on a month-to-month budget. republicans' refusal to work across the aisle… 
a government #shutdown is beyond irresponsible: while gop leaders scramble to find a solution, the u.s. stands to l… 
 : it's official! the  us capitol christmas tree will come from oregon's . 
glad to welcome eugene mayor lucy vinis, springfield mayor christine lundberg, and reps from lane county here in dc… 
statement from rep. defazio on martin luther king, jr. day: 
with the $$ the #goptaxscam uses to give corporations and wealthy americans a tax break, we could pay for children'… 
 : today, ranking member  received road gang's  p. d. mclean award in recognition of his outstanding co…
today i met with senior va leadership to hear the preliminary results of their investigations into alarming allegat… 
president trump just signed my western oregon tribal fairness bill into law. this bill rights a historic wrong and… 
association health plans sound great, but the truth is they are bare-bones plans that don't offer true coverage &amp; r… 
my full statement on ag sessions' announcement today:  
the president launched another reckless outburst at north korea’s leader. his irresponsible tweets could lead to wa… 
our veterans should never be denied quality care. i've requested an investigation into the alarming reports coming… 
happy new year!  was a busy year - i'm looking forward to another year representing sw oregon in congress: 
congress has finally passed my bill, the western oregon tribal fairness act, that gives sovereignty over tribal lan… 
it's a dark day: the house just passed a massive tax bill that gives trillions in giveaways to corporations and the… 
apparently the first time wasn't bad enough. we just heard the just-passed #goptaxscam violates senate rules. it ha… 
 : ranking member 's statement on today's train derailment in washington state: 
the #goptaxscam is a christmas present to america's wealthiest, but a lump of coal for working families. 

every year, my friend  brings me fruitcake to keep my spirits high during the holidays. this year, i… 
proud to welcome jim montgomery of  to a very chilly dc! jim is here to participate in the small br… 
today i called on fcc chairman  to protect #netneutrality. we must ensure that the internet remains a fr… 
there are only five days left to visit  to buy or change your health care plan for . #getcovered today!
today i sat down with ,  and  to discuss the #goptaxscam and the negative imp… 
today the senate will vote on a tax bill that is still being written behind closed doors, has not been scored, and… 
we’re witnessing a much-needed sea change in society in which sexual harassment and abuse of power is no longer tol… 
 : “the commercial application of drones has incredible promise of benefits across a multitude of disciplines and applicati…
north korea has launched another missile, and all president trump can do is continue to escalate tensions. we canno… 
big corporations are pushing to get rid of worker protections and incentivize outsourcing in nafta negotiations. if… 
#netneutrality is about protecting fairness, openness, access, and competition.
open enrollment for  ends december . don’t miss out on affordable plans. go to  and… 
today house gop pushed through their massive tax plan that will likely put america on the road to bankruptcy… 
this veterans day, and every day, i'm grateful to our nation's #veterans and their families for their dedication, sacrifice, and service.
investigators from the va's office of the medical inspector will be returning to the roseburg and eugene va facilit… 
after committee markup of the gop tax plan, the bill is still a massive tax break for the wealthy paid for by raisi… 
republicans say that their tax plan will help the middle class, but nothing could be further from the truth. 
the republican tax plan is a turkey, and it should die before thanksgiving: 
today is the first day of the open enrollment period. visit  and #getcovered! 
you can buy or change your health care plan tomorrow until dec . visit  to compare plans &amp; #getcovered!
investigators from the va's office of the medical inspector will be visiting both the roseburg and eugene va facili… 
the #gopbudget shows trump's priorities: guts care for seniors and vets &amp; slashes $ for students, but gives millionaires a huge tax break.
productive roundtable today with community college students &amp; financial aid directors about ways to make education… 
had a great time visiting hamlin middle school and learning about their innovative career tech education curriculum! 
tomorrow at : am pst, the great #shakeout will take place --- are you prepared in the event of an earthquake?… 
i’m calling on the va to finally take action to ensure that oregon’s veterans receive the care that they deserve: 
for  years, all the gop wanted was "repeal and replace." now, president trump has moved on to "destroy and smirk." 
president trump and congress must protect the iran nuclear agreement—it’s key to keeping iran from developing a nuclear weapon.
 : today, top house democrats requested review of whether epa broke laws in using taxpayer $$ for lobbying/propaganda. http…
trump's exec order sabotages the #affordablecareact and guts protections for preexisting conditions and essential health benefits.
the constitution gives congress the power to declare war. my res reasserts this authority to ensure ww iii cannot b… 
i met w/us trade rep lighthizer this am about nafta negotiations &amp; urged him to protect us workers in any new deal 
 : icymi:  and  request ig investigation into admin. pruitt’s waste of taxpayer dollars htt…
we must update #nafta to ensure mexican truckers are held to the same safety standards american truckers are: 
sw or overwhelmingly supports protections for the smith river--any effort to overturn them is an overstep by dc: 
new tax plan provides huge giveaways for the very wealthiest, but somehow trump swears it's not a good deal for him… 
the new health care repeal bill, #graham-cassidy, is truly outrageous - and oregon stands to lose the most: 
#grahamcassidy is the worst version of #trumpcare yet. sky-high premiums, guts pre-existing condition protections, &amp; worst cuts to medicaid.
i'm calling on house leaders to include emergency funding for wildfire suppression in any upcoming spending bills: 
proud to announce a $ million grant from  has been awarded to or to help repair roads damaged by wildfire. 
we will #neverforget the sacrifice, loss, resilience and fortitude of this day, sixteen years ago. united we stand.
with  and curry county sheriff john ward  at the brookings emergency operations center briefing. 
talking with state rep. david brock smith at brookings emergency operations center. 
early am briefing at brookings fire camp #chetcobarfire 
smoke haze while driving on currently-closed i- along the columbia river. 
honored to meet the firefighters who saved + hikers trapped by #eaglecreekfire. 
being briefed by incident commander john pierson at the eagle creek fire site. 
proud we secured $ to help  repay fire-borrowing, but we must address short-sighted fire mgmt funding:  there is no room in our society for gun violence and especially not in a place of worship. elected officials must s… 
i am grateful to local, state, and federal law enforcement as well as the u. s. postal service for their efforts to… 
the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a de… 
i fought too long and too hard to end discrimination based on race not to stand up and speak out against discrimina… 
i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the ri… 
i continue to be grateful for the brave reporters and members of the press who face unspeakable threats and their w… 
it's hard not to see parallels to the civil rights movement when reporters were threatened, beaten, &amp; attacked for… 
greed and power can never be allowed to conspire to extinguish a human life. the murder of jamal khashoggi is a vic… 
i am sick and outraged over the murder of journalist and american permanent resident jamal khashoggi. the president… 
the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a de… 
i applaud mayor bottoms’ decision to end the city of atlanta’s contract with u.s. immigration and customs enforceme… 
 years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, an… 
senator john mccain was a warrior for peace. he will be deeply missed by people all around the world.
we have lost one of the great artists of our time. aretha franklin was one of god’s precious gifts to the world—one… 
 years ago today, the voting rights act was signed into law by president johnson. i shed a little blood on that b… 
happy birthday,  #goodtrouble 
congratulations  on  years of doing the hard, necessary work of keeping the american people infor… 
these young people cannot wait until politicians see fit to face the truth and develop an immigration reform policy… 
i am deeply disturbed by the outcome of the helsinki summit.  the leader of this nation takes an oath before god to… 
you've got to love everybody. as dr. king used to say, you've got to love the hell out of them. #goodtrouble
to follow more of my work on the  and on the house floor, be sure to subscribe to my  channel… 
never give up, never give in, never give out. keep the faith, and keep your eyes on the prize. together, we can red… 
 : average working families aren’t seeing a boost from the gop tax law, but “the top-earning  percent of households — thos…
hate is too heavy a burden to bear. love is the better way. #goodtrouble
have courage—raw courage—to stand up and speak up for those left out and left behind. #goodtrouble
 years ago today i was released from mississippi state penitentiary, better known as parchman, after being arrest… 
your vote matters. if it didn’t, why would some people keep trying to take it away? #goodtrouble
be bold. be courageous. never be afraid to speak up and speak out. together we can build a more perfect union. #goodtrouble
we are sick and tired of seeing little babies taken from their mothers. that's not right, it's not fair, and histor… 
the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a de… 
the time is always right to do right. find a way to get in the way and we will make a way out of no way. #goodtrouble
there is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people. #goodtrouble
do not get lost in a sea of despair. be hopeful, be optimistic. our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week,… 
i never thought i would live to see a day when the supreme court of the united states would again make a decision a… 
i was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious while friends of mine gave their lives to ensure that every person has the… 
make no mistake: today’s executive order fails to address or end this moral crisis. it merely replaces the unaccept… 
 : .: "our nation is mourning. our nation is crying out to save our little children. save our babies. history will not…
 : los congresistas , , ,  y otros miembros demócratas de la cámara de rep…
 : here outside u.s. customs &amp; border protection with , , , , …
 : more than , children have been taken away from their families since the beginning of president #trump's 'zero toleran…
 : we are sitting in at the offices of customs and border patrol.   release the asylum seekers and reunite them with their chi…
senator robert f. kennedy died fifty years ago today. when he passed, it was as if something died in all of us.  
thank you, . you did the right thing. there is not any room in our society for racism or bigotry.
 : “this bill is not for the people, it is not of the people, and it was not and never will be tax reform.” – …
separating children from their parents is cruel, it is inhumane, and it is not in keeping with the moral values of… 
as we face challenges and uncertainty around the globe, it makes no sense to turn your back to progress, to ignore… 
to this very day, experts and allies agree that the agreement was working to prevent iran from obtaining nuclear weapons.
iran cannot have nuclear weapons—but the united states must be a headlight and not a taillight, leading the world o… 
nearly  years ago, i supported the agreement after constant study, briefings, and discussions. during the debate o… 
never before has the credibility of the united states been so undermined by a gross failure to honor our commitments.
it is a sad and dark hour for our nation and the global family.  this administration’s decision to withdraw the uni… 
i believe we have a right to know what is in the water we drink, the food we eat, and the air we breathe. on this… 
to the young people speaking up and speaking out today, my heart is with you. keep walking and keep marching all th… 
i was saddened by the passing of rev. f.d. reese. i first met rev. reese in  on my first trip to selma. he help… 
 : fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend, dr. martin luther king, jr.,  reminds us that real pr…
 : this week— years since dr. martin luther king, jr. was killed— and  sat down with a group o…
 years ago today, i learned the painful news that my friend, my mentor, dr. martin luther king, jr. had been assa… 
sometimes you have to get in trouble--good trouble, necessary trouble--to make a way out of no way.
 years ago today, we were beaten, tear gassed, trampled by horses, and left bloody on the bridge in selma. on thi… 
i stand with 
 years ago today, i was arrested for the first time as a participant in the sit-ins at lunch counters in downtown… 
never has there been a more important time to guarantee that each voice can freely speak up and speak out. we canno… 
. mr. speaker, the time for action is now. we know the facts. there are too many guns. how many more ch… 
it is unbelievable, it is unreal that we consider a bill that turns the clock backwards and strikes a devastating b… 
we are shocked and numb. how many more must die? our conscience must move us to action. it is time for the american… 
this budget seeks to dismantle the social safety net. that is not right, it is not fair, and it is not just. every… 
 : it's #blackhistorymonth! did you know  penned the first-ever environmental justice legislation  years ag…
if it hadn’t been for the march from selma to montgomery there would probably be no barack obama as president. i ho… 
it is painful to witness firsthand this attack on the remaining pillars of nonpartisan, governance, rules, and proc… 
the frantic, desperate release of this memo leads us down a dangerous path of political spin and accusations instea… 
i never thought that i would witness the dismantling of the checks and balances of our country, and i never imagine… 
this is a dark hour and a sad day in the history of our nation.  congress has a constitutional responsibility to pr… 
the movement lost another precious and devoted leader. wyatt tee walker made a major contribution to the liberation… 
there is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people. #goodtrouble
information about government shutdown 
it was good to be with you, sen booker. thank you for all of your work. 
as dr. king used to say, you have to love the hell out of them. #goodtrouble
today, dr. king’s legacy is a guiding light. as we push and pull for a more just and more equal society, dr king’s… 
he gave his life for us 
he went to jail for us. #goodtrouble 
he marched for us. #goodtrouble 
dr. king was my friend, my brother, my leader. he was the moral compass of our nation and he taught us to recognize… 
the martin luther king, jr. holiday is a day on, not a day off. it is a day of service to our communities, to our b… 
if dr. martin luther king jr. was preaching today, he would be speaking the idea that we are one people, one family… 
i am so proud that we were able to work in a bipartisan, bicameral manner to establish georgia’s first national his… 
congratulations to  on a hard-won victory. you never gave up, gave in, or gave out. you kept the faith… 
wishing everyone a happy new year. may we all resolve to live each day with purpose and hope, never forgetting that… 
wishing everyone a happy and safe christmas holiday.
 : h.r.  by  passed the house and senate yesterday. martin luther king, jr. national historical park act of …
 : . is working alongside  on capitol hill to push for progress. if you’re looking for a similar experience this…
i don’t understand why this congress refuses to stand up to help young people and children. failing to protect undo… 
yesterday taxpayers stood up and spoke out against republicans lining the pocket of their donors by any means neces… 
i’ve said on many occasions that you cannot get blood from a turnip, and you cannot justify robbing poor peter to p… 
working and middle class families, the sick, the elderly, and generations yet unborn will bear the burden of this reckless act.
i oppose this conference report with every bone in my body. this tax bill is a $. trillion holiday gift for wall… 
today is the last day of #openenrollment so do your part. take care of yourself. take care of your family. sign up… 
i believe a free and open internet is part of the foundation of a modern democracy. it is plain wrong that the … 
congratulations senator-elect doug jones! i look forward to working with you.
we've lost two reporters this week who will be remembered by history as giants in their field--one white, one black… 
today is a day to get in #goodtrouble. alabama, go out there and vote.
the vote is precious, almost sacred. friends of mine paid the ultimate price so that every person can vote their co… 
take care of yourself. take care of your family. spread the word and help make sure everyone in your community sign… 
president trump’s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights mu… 
many constituents asked for resources to better understand the unconventional tax legislation process. my staff has… 
. million people are living with hiv globally. this #worldaidsday, congress should renew our commitment to ensur… 
 years ago today, rosa parks stood up for what is right, what is fair, and what is just, by sitting down on a mon… 
 that's very good. send me a request and my staff will be in touch. 
wishing everyone a happy and safe thanksgiving holiday.
thirty years ago, i was elected to fight for and to serve the people of my district. today, they are calling and be… 
you cannot hide the truth from the sick, the elderly, the disabled for whom this bill may mean life or death. all t… 
this bill is a shame and a disgrace. 
remember, #openenrollment is happening now. take care of yourself. take care of your family. #getcovered #aca… 
 : today,  proposed an amendment to delay tax cuts until the u.s. has withdrawn from all wars and eliminates its de…
 : today  offered amendment to tax bill to protect the #johnsonamendment—a move that would keep churches from becomin…
the vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument in a democratic society. use it. #electionday
i was beaten, left bloody and unconscious so that every american has the right to vote. friends of mine gave their lives. do your part. vote
this spiteful, irresponsible tax cut is not worth the paper on which it is written.
away from the cameras, congressional republicans will quietly begin to cut safety net programs to pay for their massive, corporate tax cut.
after this markup, after the winners pocket their rewards, the spotlight will move on. every person in this room knows what will happen next
most importantly, how can you bury your head in the sand when there are grave issues facing our country?
how can you attack immigrant children and dreamers in a way that is just plain mean and heartless?
how can you target the sick, the elderly, and the disabled?
how can we punish teachers who are just trying to buy supplies for their classrooms?
this tax cut legislation does not make the tax code any simpler or any fairer. this bill is a slap in the face to real people.
we must do more than mourn and pray for those murdered in texas. we must act.
#openenrollment begins today. take care of yourself. take care of your family. #getcovered #aca… 
 : more than  members of congress filed briefs with scotus today in support of charlie and david, a same-sex couple refused servi…
happy birthday, madame president 
 : . on sigtarp audit of : “time and time again, the agency failed to reach georgia homeowners”  https://t.co…
i thank christy goldsmith romero, , and everyone on her team for responding to repeated calls for accountability and justice.
struggling homeowners deserved government officials willing to do all they could to help homeowners recover. 
 : . reflects on the  summer he spent in cairo  via  #civilrights
we have a moral obligation to do all that we can to end gun violence in america. 
we were elected to lead. have courage. have the raw courage to make a down-payment on ending gun violence in america. we cannot wait.
don’t tell me this is about anything other than greed and money and fear. #gunviolence
don’t tell me this is about protecting the second amendment when you won’t stand up for the first amendment.
if this were a fire, we would bring water. if this were a virus, we would send medicine. if this were a storm, we would give shelter.
after newtown, after aurora, after charleston and orlando and now las vegas, how many more must die? what is your blood price?
this congress has failed the american people. #gunviolence
reminder: if your daca expires before //, renewal requests must be received by this thursday, october . 
the young people kneeling today are following a long tradition. #takeaknee #goodtrouble 
during another period, we knelt. there is nothing wrong with kneeling down to stand up against injustice. it’s prot… 
love and help one another. be informed. be prepared. stay safe. #hurricaneirma 
each and every person has a mission, a mandate, and a moral obligation to speak up &amp; stand up for those left out &amp; left behind. #goodtrouble
 years ago today we led a peaceful, orderly, nonviolent march through the streets of washington. 
 years ago today, the voting rights act of  was signed into law by president lyndon johnson. we must defend a… 
we are grateful for their service and sacrifice, and most importantly, we will stand for their rights, just as they have stood for ours.
i stand with our transgender service members, and i pray that they will not lose heart. they must know that we love them. we respect them.
i fought too long to end discrimination based on race and color to allow discrimination based on gender identity to be considered acceptable
 years ago today i was released from parchman penitentiary after being arrested in jackson, ms for using a "white… 
 years ago today, robert f. kennedy was murdered by a man with a gun. i cried, heaving as if something burst insi… 
the decision to withdraw from the paris climate accord is a threat to the planet. a great nation should lead and be unafraid.
i often think of the words of president kennedy, “one person can make a difference, and everyone should try.” #jfk
today we all remember those that served and those that gave the last full measure of devotion.
the press have a right to do their job free from harassment, intimidation, or physical violence.
the republican healthcare plan is a shame and a disgrace. it must be stopped. 
 : this nat'l foster care month, i'm joining  on bill  allow qualified + devoted #lgbt parents give a safe + st…
sometimes you have to get in the way and get in good trouble, necessary trouble, to make a way out of noway. #goodtrouble
 : john r. lewis receives honorary doctor of laws #yale  
honored to give the commencement  and receive an honorary doctorate. congratulations to all the graduates. w… 
ending title ii net neutrality protection is wrong. it is yet another attack on those attempting to bring about the beloved community.
we have seen dark days in our democracy, but the path to a brighter future is paved with the protections of a free and open public dialogue.
we used what we had to bring about a nonviolent revolution in america. and there is another revolution coming.
during the civil rights movement, we didn’t have a website, we didn’t have a cell phone, we didn't even have a fax machine.
we cannot allow a few powerful companies control what you see and do on the internet.
never has there been a more important time to guarantee that each voice can freely speak up and speak out.
the fight to save title ii net neutrality protection is about guaranteeing every citizen’s right to dissent.
 : rep. john lewis meets ga. constituents at meet-and-greet  
 : this is how you reach kids.   
an independent prosecutor must be appointed to investigate collusion with russia during the  presidential election.
the firing of fbi director james comey reminds me of another dark period in america's history.
join me on monday, may th at :pm for a meet and greet at the georgia international convention center. 
 : any soccer fans out there? check out what ' app challenge winner created #sportstech #stem #houseofcode h…
those who are sick will suffer, and some of them will die. this is a shame and a disgrace. may god have mercy on us all.
if this bill becomes law, at least  million americans who can see their doctors today will be turned away tomorrow.
never have i seen legislative action that reveals such clear disdain for the human dignity of the most vulnerable among us.
the house republican bill, h.r. , does not rescue health care. it is an attack on the poor, the sick, the elderly, and the disabled.
 years ago today, i was one of  original participants who set out on the freedom rides to end segregated buses… 
it was good to participate in the inman park parade today and see many of my young and not so young constituents. 
we have a moral obligation to leave this planet we call earth a little cleaner and a little greener for generations yet unborn. #earthday
i am deeply honored and very grateful for this recognition. 
i believe #hb must be stopped. students have a right to learn without fear. #gapol
join me on wednesday april th at :pm for the #futureforum student town hall at the rialto center for the arts.… 
i hope everyone in georgia is in a safe place during this dangerous weather. we have to look out for each other.
that night, dr. king demonstrated raw courage, saying, “the great initiative in this war is ours; the initiative to stop it must be ours.”
 yrs ago today at riverside church, i watched dr. martin luther king, jr. give one of the most powerful speeches against the vietnam war.
i am grateful to  for quickly providing $ million in initial funds to get started repairing i-
thanks to     and others for all of their great and good work to keep us all safe.
follow  and  for information about how to avoid #collapse
i am ready to help with any federal support georgia needs to repair i-. 
 : we're live with the honorable    at the david dinkins forum. watch here:  …
we must not become bitter or hostile. we have to keep the faith, and keep our eyes on the prize. #goodtrouble
it is wrong to roll back the fcc’s privacy rule &amp; use the congressional review act in this context. consumers deserve better.
i believe that user data belongs to the consumer, not the provider, and should not be sold for profit by isps or telecoms. #broadbandprivacy
on this bill, there is only one option--and that option is to vote no. 
i will fight every single attempt to turn a deaf ear, a blind eye, and a cold shoulder to the sick, to our seniors, and to working families.
wishing everyone a happy #nationalpuppyday 
 years ago today, i joined dr king, rev abernathy, and more than  people to begin the march from selma to mon… 
today is the last day to register to vote in georgia for the th cd special election. do your part. register &amp; vote. 
what does it profit a great nation to reward millionaires &amp; billionaires but lose its soul? the president’s budget is mean-spirited &amp; cruel. the #flintwatercrisis epitomized what is actually a nation-wide crisis and federal investment in water infrastructu… 
it is incredibly easy to buy a gun in the united states, even compared to countries like russia, israel, and china.… 
today, on #internationalwomensday, we recognize the many achievements of women around the world &amp; the sacrifice… 
president trump’s budget would close rochester’s laboratory for laser energetics (lle). lle is an essential compone… 
today, march th, was president trump's deadline for #daca. six months later nothing's changed. as ranking member o… 
what do oscar-winning movies dunkirk, call me by your name, phantom thread, and i, tonya all have in common? they w… 
despite all the other important issues facing our country, republicans in washington are spending yet another week… 
this week i was pleased to welcome rochester’s own precision optics to capitol hill.  i'm glad to see #rochester co… 
due to our efforts and the success i’ve had in creating this opportunity and bringing it to rochester, our communit… 
let there be light! i was proud to see the progress being made at the test, assembly and packaging facility today.… 
the winter storm is continuing across our region, canceling many activities and making travel difficult. more than… 
this situation endangers our national security. it’s time for jared kushner to go. 
no individual with such extensive, previously undisclosed foreign contacts and dealings should be allowed anywhere… 
according to news reports, a number of nations have sought to use their business relationship with him to assert le… 
jared kushner’s complex foreign business entanglements and relationship with the president is making him a target f… 
voila! the moment you’ve all been waiting for: here’s the restored clock from #rochester’s  new york central st… 
i’ll be visiting our new train station this afternoon to unveil it, displayed for all visitors to see. it will be a… 
one lead would lead to another after conversations with archivists, historical societies, antique dealers, and rail… 
back in august, i announced that my office had located the master clock from rochester’s  new york central stat… 
do you enjoy a -hour work week, sick leave and vacation days, and guaranteed safe working conditions? then you ha… 
#savenetneutrality from the fcc’s disastrous decision to limit a fair internet for all. our open internet is crucia… 
 #netneutrality protects innovators and small businesses—they can't afford  efforts to undermine the open internet. #savetheinternet
 #netneutrality means consumers—not big corporations—choose what websites and applications we see online. #savetheinternet
the  took away a free and open internet. i am supporting legislation that will bring #netneutrality back. #savetheinternet
 we’re seeing a true cultural shift that’s forcing many institutions, from the u.s. military to the… 
 it has reduced cases of domestic violence by  percent since  and helped change the conversati… 
this afternoon, i’ll be touring  and discussing the importance of congress and president trump quick… 
there is so much more that must be done but the majority in congress won’t even allow an open debate on commonsense… 
as i said then, thoughts and prayers alone are not enough – we need action to combat the gun violence epidemic. whi… 
i’ve been a cosponsor of h.r. , the automatic gunfire prevention act, to ban bump stocks since october. that’s… 
did you know that new york state ranks third highest in the nation for the number of african american-owned firms?… 
so proud to help cut the ribbon on  today! #roc 
 : wonderful news in our ongoing fight to ensure #justiceforjane: we've been informed that  office of refugee rese…
way to go, !  
the #families are as dedicated as they come, and i’m proud to fight alongside them every step of the way for st… 
happy #susanbanthonyday, #roc! 
the #trumpadministration’s unlawful &amp; dangerous elimination of the teen pregnancy prevention program (tppp), which… 
proud to stand with the #flight families this morning and fight alongside them for strong airline safety reform… 
our simplest job in congress is to keep american families safe. a long-term budget deal must consider what kind of… 
happy #frederickdouglass! mr. douglass is a point of pride for #roc &amp; that’s why i was proud when congress passe… 
i’ve been sounding the alarm on #antibioticresistance for years, including calling on  to stop its routin… 
it’s unconscionable that #potus continues to drag his feet &amp; it begs the question: how far will he go to protect #putin?
it’s been  weeks since #potus defied congress by not placing new sanctions on russia. this is required by a law th… 
.’s #hr threatens civil rights for americans with disabilities and undercuts the #ada. i was proud to s… 
trump’s #infrastructurescam is bad for all americans. we don’t need a “plan” that guts clean air &amp; water protection… 
update: the building blocks of stem act, a bill i cosponsored, is up for a vote on the house floor today. this legi… 
i was pleased to announce a new federal grant for the  medical center that will help dr. bidlack &amp; her team co… 
thankfully, the #trumpbudget request stands little to no chance of being enacted.
#potus campaigned on protecting hardworking &amp; middle-class americans but his actual proposal flies in the face of t… 
what’s worse, it does nothing to balance the $. trillion hole the #goptaxscam created &amp; fails to comply with the… 
the #trumpbudget is one of the most ill-conceived i’ve seen and his proposed cuts would devastate countless domesti… 
just finished a press event in my #roc office! thank you to the leaders from our community health centers and dr. b… 
thanks to their efforts we haven’t seen a single regional crash since. our skies are safer today because of them.
they continue to turn their grief into powerful action by traveling to and from washington, d.c., often at their pe… 
 years ago, our nation experienced a devastating plane accident that impacted so many families across wny. through… 
. has tried repeatedly to limit the #cfpb’s ability to protect consumers &amp; now they’re getting their wish.… 
there are  million people in the u.s. who owe a combined $. trillion in student debt. in fact, the bill’s spons… 
. is moving a bill that would slash student aid by more than $. billion dollars over the next  years… 
who watched the #openingceremonies for #olympics last night? check out this story from the  on when to tu… 
sadly, #roc is not immune to the #opioidepidemic that is tearing so many communities apart. these latest stats are… 
proud to lead this bipartisan and bicameral effort with  and more than  of my colleagues to protect… 
good luck to morgan schild from pittsford, a team usa freestyle skier who’s competing tonight in the #olympic preli… 
in this country, we hold parades to honor our veterans, not our political leaders. rather than waste taxpayer money… 
if #presidenttrump wanted to see our nation’s military might up-close, maybe he shouldn’t have sought five defermen… 
we should not be spending millions of dollars and tearing up our roads just to amuse #potus. 
just like stock trades or financial assets, members of congress must report #bitcoins &amp; #cryptocurrencies on their… 
the ongoing #flu epidemic is hitting close to home, with an estimated  lives already lost in #roc. take a moment t… 
only during wwii was our debt a higher percentage of gross domestic product than it is right now. i hope this puts… 
#potus has called himself the king of debt. well, his administration is on track to borrow nearly $ trillion this… 
the buying &amp; selling of #bitcoins &amp; other cryptocurrencies are no different, which is why the cmte should issue for… 
i wrote this law to protect against insider trading and ensure that federal officials weren’t using their positions… 
today i’m calling on the house ethics committee to make it crystal clear that members of congress are required to r… 
i’m proud to have supported the caa reform act, which passed the house today. for too long, members of congress hav… 
i’m at the rules cmte calling out ’s th short term solution for funding the government since september. f… 
i’m so proud to help send off #roc’s very own brian gionta, who will be competing in the #winterolympics as cap… 
this just in! #ny saw another record-breaking year for health care sign ups under the #aca. this is just more proof… 
the democratic memo should be vetted by security agencies &amp; immediately released so the public can get the full pic… 
thanks to the #goptaxscam, our nation is expected to hit its debt ceiling earlier than expected. it's outrageous th… 
the entire country better hope this does not lead to the firing of deputy attorney general rod rosenstein, which is… 
the democratic memo should be immediately released with appropriate redactions to protect national security so the… 
the security agencies have been working to figure out what carter page was up to long before the  campaign or a… 
., led by house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes and , just endangered our national… 
i recently had the chance to read a book about heroes to a group of fourth grade boys at school # in #roc! we talk… 
the #greatlakes are home to % of all surface fresh water on the planet &amp; good stewardship of this precious resour… 
today kicks of #bhm, a time to reflect on african americans’ contributions to our country and ensure that the g… 
the american people deserve to know whether federal officials are upholding the public trust and adhering to the hi… 
this latest development is just one of many examples of the #trumpadministration’s deep ties to big corporations an… 
as a result of the stock act and the work of a strong press, we know that #brendafitzgerald made several questionab… 
government funding is set to run out in  legislative days. any newly negotiated deal must include a delay in… 
last call! today is the final day for new yorkers to sign up for comprehensive health care coverage under the #aca.… 
 i've spent my entire career working to protect public health. i'll keep fighting for investments to… 
as dean of the delegation, i hosted my democratic &amp; republican colleagues from the ny congressional delegation befo… 
decisions like this by #potus continue to make one wonder - how far is president trump willing to go to protect putin?
just over a year ago,  federal intelligence agencies unanimously confirmed that russia meddled in the… 
this move by #potus disregards bipartisan legislation that overwhelmingly passed the house &amp; senate last summer and… 
tonight the president will give his #sotu. here’s my statement on #whyiwearblack: 
when #potus looks into the gallery during his speech, i want him to see dustin &amp; the impacts of his broken promises.
got the chance to talk with dustin newman from #roc before we attend the #sotu. he was recently laid off in a compa… 
did you hear the news? two musicians with #roc connections took home a #grammy during last night’s award show! 
proud to join more than  of my colleagues in demanding #potus end the outsourcing of jobs as #nafta negotiations… 
when #potus looks into the gallery during the speech, i want him to see dustin – a proud army reservist – and the i… 
companies are continuing to lay off workers with some even using #taxcuts on stock buybacks that help their wealthy… 
i’m pleased to host dustin newman as my guest for #potus’ #sotu. despite the promises made by #potus and the #gop t… 
today we celebrate  years of the lilly ledbetter fair pay act. i was proud to bring this bill to the floor as rule… 
proud to join doctors and consumers from around the country, together with , in urging  to cut rou… 
 : while #larrynassar was brought to justice, we must investigate the systemic failures that let these abuses continue for so…
#newyork: there are just  days left for you to visit  and sign up for quality, comprehensiv… 
 : today  is launching a campaign calling on  to cut all meat raised with routine #antibiotics. the big mac…
proud to announce this grant for ! investing in programs like this helps ensure that our children are prepar… 
this sobering report is just further proof that congress must come together and pass commonsense reform to finally… 
i was proud to tour  in  to see all of the great progress they’ve made and announce  new job… 
just finished my tour of  in  where i announced  new jobs in the #roc region! i worked hard… 
looking forward to meeting up with  in  this afternoon to make a big announcement! #roc 
new yorkers: there are less than  days left before the end of the #openenrollment period under the #aca. be sure… 
there were no winners here. but i’m proud to cast this vote to end the #gopshutdown so the country can get back to work.
i’ve said before that there were no democratic fingerprints anywhere to be found on the prior #continuingresolution… 
there have now been five republican #governmentshutdowns in less than  years. this shutdown was a direct result o… 
no one wanted to see the great government of the united states closed for business. the last #gopshutdown in  c… 
it’s been  years since #roevwade protected a woman’s constitutional right to have an abortion. although #potus an… 
. reported that #potus spent the weekend asking aides if he should try to end the #shutdown. i find that both… 
to my #republican colleagues: there is too much at stake for the people that we serve. this high-stakes game of chicken must end.
tomorrow is monday and it will mark a new and dangerous turn in the #trumpshutdown, with hundreds of thousands of a… 
i’m on the floor right now demanding  &amp;  step up, do their jobs, &amp; create a comprehensive plan t… 
today marks one year of complete #gop control of washington. what does our country have to show for it? a… 
want to understand what the #trumpshutdown means for american families? here’s some info on what the last gop shutd… 
 : . should heed his own words: “if there is a shutdown i think it would be a tremendously negative mark on th…
 : then  tried to extend government funding for just one day to give bipartisan discussions a chance to bear fru…
 : early this morning,  tried to pass a bill to guarantee military pay and death benefits in the #trumpshutdown.  re…
the #trumpshutdown… -threatens public health &amp; consumer safety -disrupts our economy &amp; job creation -blocks service… 
republicans spent all their time &amp; votes on tax breaks for corporations &amp; the wealthiest. now, they have no energy… 
must know facts about the #trumpshutdown: -it didn’t have to happen -republicans had months to avert it -americans deserve better
it’s fitting that the one year anniversary of ’s inauguration is also the first day of the #gop’s… 
like my democratic colleagues, i am still in washington, d.c. ready to craft a comprehensive, bipartisan plan for a… 
our great government is closed for business. this is the first time in history that the government has shut down wh… 
it’s time for my #republican colleagues to stop this high-risk game of chicken and work together with democrats on… 
#gop leaders have had more than  days to meet dems at the negotiating table and create a comprehensive plan to t… 
this says it all, doesn’t it? 
in a few minutes, the house will vote on #hr, ’s latest assault on women’s #reprorights. we are just h… 
the #gop controls washington, and yet they fail to tackle major legislative issues while lurching from crisis to cr… 
#hr is the latest bill in ’s never-ending attack on women’s #reprorights. with the litany of legislati… 
this morning, #potus is expected to announce a rule giving health care workers a #licensetodiscriminate against… 
proud to help lead the  in the fight against #potus’ anticipated rule giving health care providers… 
pleased to learn the  health cmte advanced legislation today that would require drug manufacturers to pay… 
we’re  months into the fiscal year and already,  have issued  short-term continuing resolutions to fund… 
it’s time for  to stop their anti-woman &amp;  anti-choice crusade and start listening to the experts. #hr… 
the majority should stop playing doctor and focus their attention on pressing national priorities they have failed… 
walking to the rules committee now to consider 's latest anti-choice legislation which would shame and sca… 
#netneutrality protects our freedom of speech online &amp; enables our thriving internet economy. we cannot let it go d… 
proud to announce $ m in grant awards for organizations in #roc with a proven track record of fighting homelessne… 
happy #mlkday, #roc! dr.king said it best: the time is always right to do what is right. today let’s recommit ourse… 
despite the new year,  are up to their old practices: dragging their feet and failing to take decisive act… 
they should not be degraded by #potus in the #ovaloffice. no one should. president trump’s racist language is just… 
today marks  years since an earthquake rocked #haiti, causing an estimated , deaths and forever impacting mi… 
#potus is once again preventing an immigrant woman from accessing her constitutionally-protected #reprorights. to b… 
it’s disappointing to see #potus hold nearly , #dreamers hostage while continuing to demand millions in fundi… 
keep sending in your #survey responses! already, i've received thousands of replies about your thoughts on the most… 
i’m disappointed to see #potus use these hard-working young people as bargaining chips for his expensive &amp; offensiv… 
yesterday's ruling gives hope to the more than  #dreamers who were losing their protective status every day than… 
pleased that the transcript from the  interview with the founder of #fusiongps is finally seeing the l… 
it’s a #newyear at the rules cmte, but  are up to the same old procedural ploys. last night, i opened our… 
proud to share the cover of the  with anita hill &amp; other trailblazing women. sadly this conversation on… 
last year  broke their own record for closed rules, issuing  in just  months. it’s outrageous that des… 
heading to the rules cmte to consider the first bill of the #newyear. no surprise, the bill will be considered unde… 
this troubling report on the effect the #opioidepidemic is having on #roc is just further proof that congress must… 
#icymi, last night’s  highlighted what i’ve been saying for years: blast overpressure is a serious and su… 
#congress heads back to d.c. today to address looming deadlines and tackle the litany of legislative priorities the… 
earlier this year i met gregg and william -reps from the - and showed off my office’s signed jim kelly… 
the upcoming winter storm is expected to bring ice, snow, and bone-chilling temps. make sure you’re prepared &amp; stay… 
(/) #potus’ worse impulses should not come before keeping american families safe.
(/) i’ve co-sponsored the restricting first use of nuclear weapons act, which would enhance global stability and… 
(/) as president reagan said in his  state of the union address, “a nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought.”
(/) taunting hostile foreign powers over twitter is a disgraceful and dangerous way to govern. the situation in… 
(/) as a result, we haven't seen another fatal regional airline crash since. ironically, these are the same stand… 
(/) but they turned their grief into powerful action. because of their tireless work – often traveling to d.c. at… 
(/) #potus should thank the #flight families. they faced immeasurable grief and loss that none of us can full… 
it’s hard to believe  has come to a close! here’s a look at our biggest victories in the last year: 
proud to read this  article about the hundreds of women from across hollywood standing in solidarity to fig… 
as we head into the #newyear, take a moment and fill out my survey on what you think matters most to our community:… 
 is winding down, but many issues on the national agenda are gaining steam. as this year comes to a close, i wa… 
#merrychristmas and #happyholidays to all who are celebrating across #roc and the country! may your day be merry an… 
proud to lead the  today in calling on  to further investigate recent moves by… 
the #goptaxscam is set to wreak havoc for millions of people across the country while further enriching the super w… 
lucky for you, there’s no shortage of important debates these days in congress! 
after squandering the last several weeks on a #taxscam to enrich the wealthy and corporate america,  is br… 
today i offered  the chance to save the #aca’s individual mandate and #salt. sadly, they refused and conti… 
this morning i spoke on the floor about ’s failure to slow down and properly vet their deficit-exploding… 
 : this caucus condemns  efforts to insert divisive, anti-choice policies into the continuing resolution to fund…
. was in such a rush to make the rich &amp; big corporations even richer with their deficit-exploding #taxbill… 
i just voted against the #goptaxscam and i was proud to do it. here’s why: 
. says their bill helps the middle class, but instead it takes away deductions middle class families claim… 
republicans in the house and senate spent days rewriting their #goptaxscam behind closed doors. the result? a bill… 
i’m voting against the #goptaxscam conference report because it hikes taxes on  million middle-class families, ta… 
republicans are voting on the #goptaxscam conference report so they can sign it into law before christmas. i’m voti… 
proud to take to the house floor to defend the tens of millions of middle-class &amp; low-income families that will bea… 
#goptaxscam raises taxes on  million middle class families, hands  percent of tax cuts to the wealthiest  percent.
this latest data from  shows the #gop #taxscam for what it really is: a massive tax cut for the wealthy… 
thank you, , for this tremendous honor! i’m sorry i can’t be there in person to accept the award. i am so… 
what lengths will #potus go to protect his public image? 
transgender. fetus. diversity. vulnerable. evidence-based. science-based. entitlement.   the researchers at the… 
the #gop #taxscam goes out of its way to harm #ny by putting a cap on #salt deductions. i will not stand for a bill…  thank you for the wonderful conversation, !  be sure to take a moment to tune in tonight at : pm… 
 : ✨✨✨tonight:  talks the film "here and now" and leader  chats with ! #lssc ✨✨✨ https://t.…
looking forward to talking with  tonight on the . i hope you’ll take a moment to tune… 
through diplomacy, advocacy &amp; faith, lodi gyari revealed to the world the plight of the tibetan people. the world h… 
.’s new claim that he can unilaterally end the constitution’s guarantee of citizenship (a power he… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
looking forward to sitting down with  tomorrow on the late show! #lssc 
this is exactly the kind of work we should be able to expect of the house judiciary committee. i applaud… 
as we mark  years since the passage of the matthew shepard and james byrd, jr. hate crimes prevention act, we reco… 
all americans share in the grief of the tree of life congregation. we pray for the first responders who rushed into… 
democrats are fighting to raise wages #forthepeople.  read our plan to make it happen: 
deeply grateful for all of our heroic law enforcement officers and postal employees doing the dangerous work of int… 
as we’ve seen repeatedly,  has a record of promising action to help americans living with opioid ad… 
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
.'s words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. time &amp; time a… 
once again, we are reminded of the heroism of america’s first responders as they work to counter these attempted at… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
wonderful to take time to visit with members of the  yesterday, ahead of their performances this week at… 
you shouldn't have to choose between putting food on the table &amp; paying for your prescriptions. #forthepeople  read… 
justice sandra day o’connor is a trailblazer in every sense. it's a testament to her patriotism that she is approac… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
as the longest serving fire chief in a major american city, chief hayes-white led the sffd to become more diversifi… 
take a look at democrats' plan to *finally* put an end to pharmaceutical industry price gouging. #forthepeople 
. is letting big pharma walk all over him. this isn't how you lower prescription drug prices. 
by and large, infrastructure has always been a bipartisan issue. we can create jobs by investing in new infrastruct… 
the congress has a constitutional duty to perform oversight of the administration. republicans have walked away fro… 
it’s time to bring dignity back to the legislative branch. congress shouldn’t be doing its work at the speed of lig… 
democrats are #forthepeople. we are *for* lowering prescription drug costs. we are *for* raising wages. we are *for… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
just  minutes until i sit down to discuss democrats’ #forthepeople agenda with  at  am et. be sure… 
looking forward to sitting down with  at  am et to talk about the democrats’ bold plan #forthepeople.… 
. is desperate to change the subject from health care to immigration because he knows that health c… 
republican leadership has plans to continue destroying protections for millions of americans with pre-existing cond… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
hey, . remember when you threw a big party at the white house with , celebrating them pass… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
now live from  where i will be discussing how the  agenda is #forthepeople: lower health… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
california, it’s time to enroll or re-enroll in high-quality, affordable coverage for . % of people in… 
"for  we have an agenda. what are democrats for? we are #forthepeople. lower health care costs, reducing the pr… 
the affordable care act was crafted based on: "evidence, science, facts, truth. we evaluated the challenge that had… 
tonight, i will be at y in nyc for a moderated conversation w/ the ' . we will talk about the… 
#hurricanemichael has left millions reeling from the devastation of their homes &amp; communities. our deepest thanks g… 
 : instead of another ohio campaign rally,  &amp;  need to get back to work!   ohioans want good paying jo…
we see you. we hear you. we love you. wishing the very best to everyone coming out today and everyone still looking… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
trump in pa ‘: “we need real, big, beautiful heart because we have to straighten out health care.” now: m pennsy… 
as #hurricanemichael makes landfall, our entire nation is keeping the families in the line of danger in our prayers… 
trump's op-ed is the latest dishonesty from republicans desperate to hide their attacks on medicare, pre-existing c… 
expanding the sale of homegrown clean energy is an overdue step to help america’s farmers.  must bring… 
all who believe in freedom of the press and expression are deeply disturbed by reports of the death of the courageo… 
we all continue to be amazed by the astounding things you have achieved in your life, . i look forward to wa… 
it is with great sadness that i learned of the passing of my dear friend, former senator joseph tydings. my prayers… 
today is a profoundly heart-breaking day. the  majority has done violence to the reputation of both the s… 
is it still all about eve? trump blames dr. ford. grassley blames dianne feinstein &amp; says republican women can’t ha… 
like many americans,  is tired of watching republicans in washington refuse to stand up to the worst… 
 : as a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. it’s an oath i was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one th…
whether he’s truthful or not, they just want a nominee who believes the president is above the law – constitutional or not.
in agreeing to the #fbireport, republicans pretended they were seeking truth. instead by limiting it, they only sou… 
thank you to the students of ’s “politics &amp; persuasion” course for welcoming me to class today. it’s always… 
icymi  tax cuts provide limited boost to workers’ wages -   stock buybacks poised to ecl… 
whether it’s the supreme court or the halls of congress, the american people deserve to know their government is wo… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
.’s policies &amp; nominations make it clear he intends to reverse the progress achieved by #metoo.… 
the effects of #goptaxscam go beyond the obvious. republicans are using the $ trillion deficit they created to jus… 
the legislative branch is co-equal with the president. there is no excuse for the republicans continuing to act as… 
i’ll be speaking with  in a few moments at #theatlanticfest. you can tune in here: 
this is completely unacceptable. many countries still don’t allow lgbtq people to marry. this policy is discriminat… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
i hope you’ll take a moment to watch my #theatlanticfest conversation with  tomorrow at : pm et— we… 
a year after  beautiful souls were killed and over  were injured in las vegas, republicans in congress continu… 
california is once again proudly leading the nation to guarantee that the free and open internet is here to stay. i… 
republicans refuse to stand up to  &amp; protect special counsel mueller’s investigation. their complic… 
a great conversation with  this morning in austin for #tribfest! 
very encouraging that a federal judge will allow congressional democrats’ lawsuit against  for viol… 
make no mistake: the  will pay for tax scam . by attacking medicare, medicaid &amp; social security.… 
 : today republicans are forcing a vote on their #goptaxscam that hands tens of billions of $$$ in tax breaks to the wealthiest …
 : make no mistake: after dr. ford's % credible testimony, voting for judge kavanaugh—especially without a full fbi in…
i am speaking with reporters in the wake of yesterday’s #kavanaughhearings featuring dr. christine blasey ford and… 
tune in at : am et as i speak live with reporters from capitol hill. 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
this morning, i took time to watch christine blasey ford’s deeply moving opening statement. thank you for your brav… 
far too few people are recognizing dr. ford’s sheer bravery in sharing her story today. that *must* not be overlook… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
we must #believesurvivors. i’m proud to stand with my democratic colleagues in support of dr. christine blasey ford. 
tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
. are speaking with representatives of the #poorpeoplescampaign about the realities of poverty &amp; eco… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : we must use the opportunity afforded by the cyberspace solarium commission to develop a strategic framework to promote sta…
every american should be concerned about what the debate around the allegations against brett kavanaugh says to you… 
the land &amp; water conservation fund is our most successful conservation effort – and republicans are about to let it… 
generations of americans – women, minorities, &amp; young people – fought for the right to vote. they recognized their… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
 : right now, president trump and his republican enablers are working to erode protections for patients with pre-existing…
amid reports that  may fire rod rosenstein,  &amp;  must immediately allow a vote… 
we have to stand up for what is right and #believesurvivors. the  must be allowed to investigate all credible a… 
 : esta semana presenté el discurso semanal demócrata con respecto al primer aniversario de #maria. exigimos respuestas de…
it’s been a year since #hurricanemaria devastated #puertorico &amp; the #usvirginislands, yet republicans still refuse… 
our hearts break for the victims of today’s shooting in aberdeen, md. the daily scourge of gun violence is tearing… 
read my full statement here: 
a year after #hurricanemaria devastated #puertorico &amp; the #usvirginislands, our fellow americans are still struggli… 
yet it’s impossible to recognize this anniversary without acknowledging trump’s hateful ban on transgender american… 
seven years ago, we took a firm stand against bigotry by finally ending the discriminatory “don’t ask, don’t tell”… 
that’s why it’s so important that americans know about democrats’ plans to fight #forthepeople. make sure you read… 
make no mistake: this is who republicans are. they’ve had united government for nearly two years in washington, and… 
and this isn’t just coming from the white house.  is – once again – thinking wistfully about the possib… 
. pence has also promised the trump admin &amp; the gop will try to repeal the affordable care act. remember: that w… 
according to ’s top economic advisor, larry kudlow, the trump admin and republicans in congress hav… 
thread: republicans are laying out their agenda for , and it’s a nightmare for working families and seniors.… 
.’s latest attempt to interfere with the mueller investigation by releasing a misleading selection… 
it took great courage for dr. christine blasey ford to come forward with her story. the american people are owed a… 
looking forward to joining sen. scott wiener, firefighters and advocates to call on governor brown to sign #sb,… 
congratulations to  &amp; the entire  team! but let’s be honest – even *five #emmys* doesn’t do… 
.’s selective release of carter page’s surveillance application &amp; other classified/sensitive materi… 
paul &amp; i are praying for a speedy recovery, . few people on this earth have your spirit &amp; determination… 
in honor of #constitutionday, it’s time for republicans to stop blocking the congress from performing constitutiona… 
failure to postpone this vote without due process &amp; a thorough investigation into these serious &amp; credible allegati… 
survivors should be supported when they come forward without the fear of threats or further trauma. there must be a… 
i applaud the courage of dr. christine blasey ford to come forward to share her story. as we continue to learn more… 
the suffering of our fellow americans in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands is a challenge to the moral conscience of a… 
americans deserve to know their government will be there for them when disaster strikes, and in the hard months aft… 
as #florencehurricane makes landfall, democrats discuss new threats to communities from the storm &amp; the need fo… 
is it really any wonder that  has presided over a shocking disrespect for america’s natural resources?… 
for  years, the violence against women act has provided survivors, victims &amp; communities the resources to seek ju… 
nearly  years ago, i passed the pelosi amendment which prohibited the us directors of multilateral development ba… 
wearing a necklace given to me by makah tribe of native americans in nw washington state as a reminder of our respo… 
 : the formidable nancy pelosi: "we must engage our young people, as the future of this planet belongs to them" #gcas #s…
 : nancy pelosi at #gcas: “despite what is happening in washington, i am ever hopeful.” 
couldn’t have said it better myself. 
an honor to see my dear friend and climate action champion jane goodall at #gcas 
the #goptaxscam at work! 
our hearts go out to the victims, their families &amp; the entire bakersfield community in the wake of yesterday’s shoo… 
last night, i read from pope francis’ laudato si at climate summit multi-faith service, lifting up indigenous commu… 
. prefers his “alternative facts” to the tragedy faced by families of the lost. worse still, the go… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
congratulations, , on becoming president of . looking forward to your vision for how this critical… 
democrats are fighting #forthepeople. take a look at our plan for empowering american workers &amp; families. 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
americans expect their presidents to own up to their failures. thousands of americans died in #puertorico &amp;… 
we must continue our fight for those still suffering from #septemberth-related illnesses &amp; meet our commitment to… 
once again, the  proves they are obsessed with giving handouts to the top  percent, while leaving america… 
 years later, the smoke &amp; rubble have cleared, but our memory of #septemberth continues to inspire us to rememb… 
with version . of the #goptaxscam for the rich, republicans want to add even more to the deficit, and even more t… 
it was a pleasure to chat with  last week for her new  show, . be sure to tune in for o… 
as jews across the country come together to mark rosh hashanah, i send best wishes for a sweet, happy and prosperou… 
 : republicans should be ashamed of their efforts to destroy critical pre-existing condition protections that keep insura…
. refuses to let republicans return us to the days when americans with pre-existing conditions coul… 
august’s #jobsreport provides further evidence that the soaring cost of living for families continues to lead to st… 
even after a year, the strength of our fellow americans in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands continues to inspire. now… 
wonderful to hear that india’s supreme court has thrown out #section, an outdated law which made being in a same… 
i’ve said it before, and i’ll say it again: locking children in cages does nothing to protect americans. make no mi… 
it’s been a busy week in washington. tune in as i speak with reporters live from the capitol! 
i’ll be speaking with reporters live from the capitol at : am et. tune in here: 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
 : jeff jeans, from sedona, talked at capitol hill today at a news conference held by minority leader nancy pelosi and other de…
kelly gregory is a veteran &amp; mother living with terminal cancer. her story is moving – but her mission is inspiring… 
make no mistake: republicans are dead set on pushing policies that threaten health care for  million americans l… 
the gop is actively seeking to strike down protections for nearly  million americans living with pre-existing co… 
republicans’ ongoing effort to destroy health care for americans with pre-existing conditions continues today, as a… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
for years,  served as a strong, progressive champion for hard-working families. i thank congressman… 
too many workers this #laborday are facing threats to their pensions. we’re working to change that. #forthepeople 
the middle class in america has a union label on it. #laborday  
from detroit to san francisco,  warmed our hearts &amp; inspired us all with the beauty of her soul. her… 
actually fixing #nafta requires reaching a trade agreement with both mexico &amp; canada that improves the wages, worki… 
throughout his years of service,  never forgot the duty he felt to america’s heroes, &amp; worked to ensu… 
democrats &amp; republicans are coming together today to honor the life &amp; legacy of our friend &amp; colleague,… 
wonderful to see california assembly taking a solid step forward to #savetheinternet. now, the state senate must fo… 
trump promised that working families were the focus of the #goptaxscam. but eight months later, we’ve seen corporat… 
democrats are fighting #forthepeople to give workers the rights, wages, &amp; working conditions they deserve. how does… 
 : according to a survey released by gallup, approval of labor unions has hit its highest level in  years! 💪 #unionstrong #u ht…
. has consistently worked to undermine title ix protections for survivors of campus sexual assault. he… 
the #goptaxscam for the rich has handed soaring profits to wealthy corporations from big phama to wall street, but… 
nearly , people died in #puertorico and  is still patting himself on the back for his “fantasti… 
the fearmonger-in-chief is at it again. why is the gop afraid of our promise of a congress that works #forthepeople… 
american workers don’t need nafta with a new name. the devil is always in the details. every trade agreement we ent… 
while republicans’ #goptaxscam is driving profits for wall street/big pharma to historic highs, working families ar… 
 years after dr. martin luther king, jr. shared his dream with the world, we continue to fight insidious attacks… 
americans deserve to know their government works for them – not the wealthiest &amp; well-connected. #forthepeople 
as we mark #womensequalityday, we rededicate ourselves to standing strong against the nomination of brett kavanaugh… 
my thoughts are with everyone impacted by the shooting today at the jacksonville landing — but thoughts are not eno… 
wishing a very special birthday to katherine johnson! you continue to inspire us all. may you have a wonderful time… 
through all of his strength &amp; pride, it was ’s humility that struck everyone who had the opportunity… 
. was a leader &amp; public servant of deep patriotism, outstanding bravery &amp; undaunted spirit. throughou… 
 :  if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by refusing…
today, we received the sad news of ’s decision. courageous and heroic as ever. a national treasure. o… 
 : new: i sent a letter today with  and  northern california members to the federal trade commission (ftc), ur…
this week showed us all what happens when republicans in washington refuse to crack down on the ethical blindness t… 
there is nothing more wholesome for our democracy than the increased participation of women. thrilled to join… 
 : we already know that judge kavanaugh has dangerous views about presidential power. but republicans don’t want the public to…
the #goptaxscam was a massive windfall for big banks – and its showing. as these banks see their profits surge  p… 
latest sign of ’s anti-student &amp; anti-teacher campaign? she’s considering ransacking mental health &amp; a… 
wonderful to sit down for a conversation with ’ mark baldassare this afternoon. tune in here: 
the president is hallucinating when he characterizes dems’ position on protecting the borders &amp; defeating isis. wha… 
the charges against , one of ’s first supporters in congress, are further evidence of th… 
democrats are committed to fighting #forthepeople to restore dignity to our democracy and give power back to the pe… 
these convictions are further proof that special counsel mueller’s team &amp; prosecutors in new york are conducting th… 
cohen’s admission of paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in hush money “at the direction of the candidate” to i…  .’s actions have successfully lowered rates for the health insurance market in new jersey and we need to… 
health care enrollment begins november st and ends december th! despite numerous attempts by the trump administr… 
spoke  healthcare symposium about many pressing issues including the urgent need to address climate change… 
moved by rabbi myers’ courage and strength during this difficult time. couldn’t agree more that the attacks in pitt… 
using asylum seekers as a scapegoat, and sending , troops to the border to rally the republican base a week bef… 
by the way, this is a lie. dozens of other countries, including canada, mexico and many others in the western hemis… 
yet another trump political stunt a week before the election. yet another bigoted proposal that ignores the law, ou… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
i will continue to work with senator menendez, governor murphy &amp; senator booker to pass flood insurance reform and… 
i knew then that i needed to begin the hard work to bring the necessary resources to our state to help nj rebuild,&amp;… 
i’ll never forget my first moments on the ground touring the damage in nj– like the homes that were battered to the… 
joined    in union beach to mark the six-year anniversary of superstorm sandy b… 
 : superstorm sandy hit our state six years ago, but thousands of new jerseyans still struggle. join me live in union beach, wh…
with    in union beach getting ready to discuss #sandy recovery efforts. #sandy 
the flood insurance system was set up to benefit banks and lenders, not homeowners.  and i are work… 
 : now taking questions live from superstorm sandy survivors with , six years after the storm tore lives apa…
 : live now (for #sandy). six years since #superstormsandy, and there’s still more to do. i forced fema to reopen claims…
i’m with  at a roundtable with new jerseyans in belford to discuss the recovery effort after #sandy… 
“mr. trump is also setting a low, coarsening standard for how americans should speak to and about one another. he h… 
“for example, this area in laurence harbor was really negatively impacted by sandy, so we want to upgrade the syste… 
rally against hate at congregation  neve shalom in metuchen. speakers reiterated that we must speak out against eff… 
this flamingo and elf were my favorite costumes at  halloween trunk or treat &amp; parade. 
sunny day brings out many families for woodbridge recreation trunk or treat &amp; costume contest. 
monmouth co. indian assoc. navratri celebration w/ sen. vin gopal &amp; assemblyman eric houghtaling. 
thinking of all those impacted by the shooting in pittsburgh this morning. the inaction on gun violence in congress… 
revolution along the raritan encampment at east jersey old town village, piscataway. visited the williamson wheelwr… 
new brunswick domestic violence awareness coalition rally. women dressed in wedding gowns symbolize the harsh reali… 
at  roberto clemente gala with perth amboy mayor wilda diaz. thanks for all your programs which empower clien… 
witches stirring the cauldron behind us at sayreville trunk or treat with councilman ricci melendez and councilwoma… 
spoke about the need to expand medicaid and to guarantee essential benefits including behavioral health as part of… 
i held a facebook live q &amp; a today from my long branch office. watch here: 
with hundreds on nj schools having issues involving lead in water this is a crucial step that will also create jobs… 
at memorial elementary in laurence harbor with th grade student council, school &amp; local elected officials. discuss… 
thinking of  &amp; his team. we must continue to stand united against these cowardly acts.  
taste of woodbridge w/mayor mccormac &amp; councilman ficarra that benefits many non profits in town. 
my statement on trump's prescription drug announcement:  
a very big part of the anger we are seeing is a direct result of 's fear-mongering,race-baiting,&amp; o… 
congress must do its job and conduct effective oversight hearings on this unnecessary failure by the trump admin de… 
the opioid package being signed into law today makes important changes to support those affected by the opioid cris… 
withdrawing from the inf treaty eliminates any leverage us has to get russia back in compliance w/ nonproliferation… 
this policy should have never been put into place, but it was made worse by the admin’s failure to prepare or notif… 
in a new report i requested,  details the trump admin’s chaotic attempts to comply with court orders to reuni… 
art exhibit benefitting sisters academy of nj in asbury park. many artists painted local scenes including the one i… 
electric vehicles that can benefit both our environment and consumers and as ranking member of the … 
discussed the importance of electric vehicles at ’s ride &amp; drive event in asbury park. enjoyed test… 
“trump plays the polarization game because he enjoys it-he does love a brawl and because he doesn’t appear to care… 
joined  of my colleagues in a letter requesting the release of information regarding the u.s. intelligence commun… 
as republicans keep trying to chip away at the aca, they are putting the most vulnerable americans at risk of buyin… 
joined  and  today in condemning the latest effort by the trump administration to unravel… 
this #sids awareness month we can all do more to raise awareness of sudden infant death. proud of my work enacting… 
“before the affordable care act, insurers routinely discriminated against people with these conditions, jacking up… 
the  admitted their repeal of the #cleanpowerplan will lead to , deaths annually. next year, they want to c… 
in addition to my offices in long branch &amp; new brunswick, my satellite offices can help you with numerous issues in… 
new public mural entitled "together" by steve powers is being put up in metuchen by the downtown alliance's public… 
the trump administration is expanding its assault on #lgbtq rights. we need to stand together against this bigotry.  
aarti ceremony begins with prayers on last day of edison navratri, dedicated to mother goddess durga. 
share and care foundation gala with javed akhtar, composer of beautiful hindi ballads. share and care raises millio… 
enjoying oysters from barnegat oyster collective at american littoral society’s celebration of re-oystering new jer… 
stressed the need to push back against trump administration’s efforts to negate voting rights act, criminal justice… 
had a fun time at sea bright recreation trunk or treat. 
learned more about the important work of nj forest fire service at port reading fire prevention open house. 
congratulations to lawrence miloscia on receiving the lifetime achievement award at port reading day ceremony… 
thanks to all the volunteers who came to the rally at sandy hook and  other locations throughout new jersey to he… 
as the world waits for  to finally show moral leadership and address the death of saudi journalist… 
the crisis for children in our immigration system is getting worse and republicans still refuse to provide necessar… 
republicans continue to threaten the health care of millions of americans – whether it be seniors on medicare or th… 
my latest e-newsletter discusses president trump's lies on healthcare.  
this is a long overdue step that had to be taken, but we still need a stronger commitment from the administration t… 
the ’s push to gut #netneutrality benefited big isps, and no one else. without strong protections, internet use… 
great to see groundbreaking &amp; life-saving work being done at monmouth medical center. 
today is the th anniversary of the #cleanwateract- a law i’ve spent my career fighting to protect &amp; strengthen. t… 
#tbt to my visit to the elizabeth detention center on #fathersday. i have called for oversight of efforts to reunit… 
with the trump administration trying to roll back hard earned #lgbtq rights at every turn, i couldn’t be more proud… 
new jerseyans knew the #goptaxscam didn’t add up. now the  wants to cut medicare to pay for tax cuts for the we… 
great oral history of the   &amp; the impact of  . 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
make sure to read my op-ed in the  on ’s lies on health care. despite his efforts t… 
it’s been great meeting with my constituents throughout new jersey in . take a look at my interactive map to se… 
this is the  playbook on medicare &amp; social security - ) cut taxes to benefit the wealthiest of americans ) wa… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
new  report shows the importance of the aca’s medicaid expansion for low-income americans. it’s time to expan… 
this #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth we need to do everything we can to empower victims and to shine light on this… 
in yet another attack on science and public health, epa disbands clean air advisory panel. 
celebrated th anniversary of the chai building, marlboro jewish center’s youth education facility. glad to see al… 
trying to dance at sayreville navratri. 
aarti, songs sung in praise of the hindu deity with candles, at old bridge navratri. 
spoke about need for major federal infrastructure initiative and retirement security measures at monmouth and ocean… 
. asbury park equality walk with assemblywoman joann downey. proceeds help fund garden state equality so… 
matawan day with matawan historical society in front of the burrowes mansion, which is currently under renovation a… 
woodbridge barronfest fall arts and crafts festival, features original artwork and handmade crafts. don’t forget to… 
library director, tonya garcia, in front of free pumpkin patch at first annual long branch day. 
celebration of life for dj (donald riley, jr.) at second baptist church, long branch. he was the best advocate the… 
latino american assoc of monmouth co th annual awards banquet featuring flamenco dancing by alborada spanish danc… 
my latest e-newsletter discusses my work to take on the opioid epidemic that is devastating so many of our communit… 
i'll be holding a facebook live q &amp; a around  pm today. please tweet me your questions or watch live. 
“the true gop position on health care has been clear &amp; consistent for decades: the party hates, just hates, the ide… 
this #breastcancerawarenessmonth we need to recommit to making sure that all women have  access to preventive care… 
over % of democrats and republicans across the country support #netneutrality. congress should reach across party… 
this #nationalcomingoutday we pledge to do whatever we can to support members of our #lgbtq community. we have come… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
yet another example of how  is preparing the next generation to make a difference. 
“so until they prove otherwise, the majority party is indifferent to the fate of our children and grandchildren, be… 
glad to see senate follow the house's lead and reauthorize the safe drinking water act for the first time in  yea… 
support  in demanding answers on trump’s dangerous drilling policy &amp;politically motivated carve out fo… 
inspiring story of perseverance and a community coming together to fight cancer. 
counterfeit goods are pervasive on . today i sent a letter to  ceo jeff bezos demandi… 
spoke about ways to improve , army corps &amp; national flood insurance programs by emphasizing prevention before… 
the walgreens safe medication disposal program has disposed of more than  tons of unwanted medications since the… 
in west long branch, joined commissioner   vp brad ulrich, mary ann christopher of horizon… 
this incident, along with the many others before it, serves as more proof that the ftc’s current tools are failing… 
unfortunately, google’s exposure of user data seems remarkably similar to facebook letting app developers access pe… 
it would be great if google was as concerned about protecting people’s privacy as it is about being lumped in with… 
the effects of air pollution are especially harmful to the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and low-inc… 
met with new jersey school boards association at long branch office to discuss how the federal government can help… 
. is asleep at the wheel as the scientific and international community continue to provide overwhel… 
“the epitaph of the kavanaugh hearings is not just the inevitable shift to a conservative majority on the supreme c… 
armenia!, an incredible exhibition that explores armenia's art and culture from the th to th century, is a must… 
spoke about columbus' spirit of discovery and invention as well as the value of immigration at south plainfield… 
long branch columbus day parade with wonderful float from long branch middle school. 
ocean township historical museum antique and flea market with proceeds to go to the restoration effort of stucile f… 
woodbridge columbus day observance with elected officials honoring grand marshall, dr. joseph massimino, and ms. it… 
keansburg day was a great success! lots of food and activities for kids. thanks to the community leaders who helped… 
inspiring play that brings attention to gun violence in us entitled "gun love" by american poetry theater at west e… 
i have been inspired by all those who have fought kavanugh’s nomination and know that millions of americans will co… 
just as importantly, today’s vote ignored the powerful &amp; compelling testimony of dr. ford. doing so sends a terribl… 
today the senate ignored their voices and confirmed brettkavanaugh’s nomination to the #scotus. i have little doubt… 
for the last  months i’ve heard from citizens from nj &amp; throughout the country who are deeply concerned about bret… 
five reasons not to seat kavanaugh: editorial  via 
metuchen downtown alliance booth at metuchen country fair. their public art program is underway at various location… 
purchased coasters with scenes of asbury park at ocean grove area chamber of commerce fall harvest arts and crafts… 
 : we applaud congressman  for being one of the leads on a letter to the secretary of state to reconsider its dec…
helped lead a letter from  democratic members of congress urging the trump administration to reverse its recent… 
i'll be holding a facebook live q &amp; a this afternoon. please tweet me your questions or watch live.  
further evidence that trump's  is favoring political wishes over scientific facts. this dangerous practice must… 
bipartisan bill crafted to fight the opioid epidemic heads to president’s desk  
 : rm  wants answers from google, facebook, and twitter on russia-linked efforts to influence the national de…
#climatechange can have a devastating impact on america’s youth from increased cases of asthma to health risks asso… 
monmouth and ocean counties are among the highest  counties in new jersey with substance abuse treatment admission… 
today at monmouth medical center i met with local leaders &amp; health professionals to highlight bipartisan legislatio… 
if these reports are true, this is deeply disturbing and congress must investigate. we must hear directly from the… 
“we have differing views about the other qualifications of judge kavanaugh. but we are united in believing that he… 
rutgers was correct to immediately change its sexual harassment policy. victims need to be heard, not pushed to the… 
another step by the trump administration designed to weaken the  &amp; rules that keep us safe.  
consumers beware! junk health insurance plans are now more widely available as part of the trump admin’s ongoing at… 
‘donald trump and the self-made sham’ 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
watchdog report finds trump’s inhumane #familyseparation policy was rife with “administrative indifference to the s… 
only % of un member states allow same-sex marriage. denying these visas is an attempt to take away the dignity of… 
this cruel and bigoted step is not surprising given the trump administration’s determination to roll back the hard… 
air pollution is shortening lives, and the #toxictrump admin is only making it worse by increasing toxic emissions.… 
after rolling back the #cleanpowerplan,  is moving on to critical mercury protections. it’s painfully clear… 
joining  in  for a discussion on how we can support innovation and create jobs in nj. watc… 
 : join me live in asbury park for a roundtable to discuss the importance of community investing. we must ensure that our growt…
"this is the same logic as, 'i'm going to die anyway, so eating fast food for every meal won't make a difference,'"… 
i look forward to working with the governor to provide federal investments in clean energy, transportation and scie… 
.’s #njstateofinnovation will help our state build on its strengths in innovation, education &amp; diversity… 
one year ago  lives were lost in #lasvegas. we cannot fully honor their loss without taking concrete steps to red… 
met with  reps in my new brunswick office. discussed efforts to reduce high cost of prescription drugs and my… 
sponsored workshop in east brunswick with  &amp;  for firefighters and ems personnel to obtain afg and s… 
 : the trump administration continues its attempt to kill a free and open internet as it filed a lawsuit against californi…
"but they're conning us, just like trump. what they actually want to do is kill these protections, while convincing… 
rage victory party in red bank with kin gee and rachel kanapka. rage's efforts are powerful example that citizens c… 
main altar of st alexander cathedral in howell. annual slavic festival features lots of food, crafts and slavic cul… 
these conditions are simply unacceptable and clear evidence that the trump administration has failed to resolved th… 
a reminder that i’ll be holding a afg grant workshop with  &amp;  tomorrow. 
preet bharara and his parents after his fireside chat at the ranney school in tinton falls. preet expressed concern… 
enjoyed great food at aberdeen day with mayor tagliarini and council members. 
couldn’t have better weather for hazlet day! lots of fun for the kids with jugglers, face painting, and other famil… 
u.s. service academy day at naval weapons station earle in leonardo. thanks to christian nasto (pictured here), u.s… 
i held a facebook live q &amp; a on the #kavanaugh hearings and the opioids package that passed the house today. watch… 
i’m encouraged that there is a bipartisan group of senators working to delay a final vote. we owe it to dr. ford an… 
deeply disappointed that the judiciary committee voted in favor of the #kavanaugh nomination, despite the powerful… 
enough is enough. these breaches are far too common. all americans are harmed by the lack of strong privacy rules.… 
the suppo for patients and communities act,will expand access to treatment and make long-term progress in address… 
proud to help pass bipartisan legislation to combat the opioid epidemic. this bill is another step in addressing th… 
the first #goptaxscam caused rising health insurance premium costs across the country. do republicans try to revers… 
republicans’ “tax .” is more of the same failed policy from the first #goptaxscam. winners = wealthy gop donors a… 
met with  who is testifying before my committee today on why it's important to retain the #kidvid rules… 
 : i'm sharing my story to empower others to take charge of their health, and to remind my colleagues that access to healthcare…
we must consider ways we can combat maternal mortality, including expanding health coverage &amp; ensuring women have a… 
we are working on legislation that encourages states to implement maternal mortality review committees to study thi… 
at an  hearing i discussed the urgent need to address the unacceptable maternal mortality rate in th… 
i want to thank dr. ford for her tremendous courage today. she had nothing to gain and everything to lose by coming… 
 : very strange that  republican men on the judiciary committee trust themselves to make decisions about women’s reprod…
republicans’ “tax .” is a continuation of their #taxscam. it increases our national debt by $ trillion, and will… 
since president trump signed the first republican tax law, wages aren’t keeping up with inflation, health care cost… 
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
this bill will make a difference, but if we want to seriously combat this crisis, we need to make significant feder… 
this final deal includes key priorities that democrats pushed for, including expanding access to treatment, expandi… 
joined  and  in voicing support for a bipartisan opioids package that we negotiated w… 
#climatechange is making hurricanes larger and wetter. unless we act to enact meaningful change, harvey and florenc… 
one of the chief goals of the  should be to keep our children safe by protecting our environment. this once aga… 
instead of doubling down on the #goptaxscam we should be working on  a coordinated, long-term strategy for manufact… 
at  hearing i emphasized the importance of manufacturing, which employs almost , people in nj… 
wonderful tribute to my good friend annie totah at the  gala last night. for as long as i've known her, a… 
today two  bills banning “gag clauses” passed the house. they will allow pharmacists to inform consu… 
house passes bipartisan bill i sponsored that ensures we’re prepared &amp; can respond to major health security events… 
more than  thousand homes were hit by florence’s storm surge –  in  of these homes were damaged due to sea leve… 
we all have a responsibility to vote and take part in our democracy. the future of our country depends on it-… 
“yet like trump, a man accused by at least  women of sexual misconduct, who says he will support his nominee "all…   : thank you dr. alfridi for organizing tonight’s interfaith prayer vigil at the monument. 
tonight the northwest #bronx said in a loud, clear voice that we reject hatred, bigotry and intolerance in all its… 
good visit today with the folks from the south broadway bid in #yonkers. there are a lot of wonderful shops and sma… 
 : #live prayer vigil for the #pittsburgh #treeoflife synagogue murders #hatehasnoplacehere #bronx #nyc  …
last night , one of the great civic organizations in #ny, held their annual benefit. congratulations to… 
last night  held a beautiful renewal and healing service in memory of those killed in the… 
i am so honored to join my friends tonight at the northeast jewish center for their annual honor event in #yonkers. 
i am heartbroken by what’s happened in pittsburgh. my condolences to the families of those who were murdered during… 
american families are literally paying the price for the trump administration &amp; congressional #republicans’ sabotag… 
it was nice to join  tonight to discuss some of the issues facing the local community and nation.… 
help prevent prescription drug abuse by cleaning out your medicine cabinet &amp; taking part in national prescription d… 
#fakenews 
since monday, we have seen several acts of terrorism targeting progressive leaders and a bastion of the free americ… 
 : thank you  for cosponsoring #hr to ensure patients can access the medicines they need when they need them withou…
remember when republicans said they’d preserve protections for people with pre-existing conditions? the trump admin… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
 : new - ranking member  warns president trump against illegally withholding aid for central america. read hi…
this would be just the latest assault on #lgbtq rights by the trump admin. the only purpose this would serve is to… 
we had a great time at this evening’s th annual american irish association of #westchester dinner dance in… 
congratulations to all the honorees at the #aoh division  awards benefit in #woodlawn. 
it was an honor to help celebrate the th anniversary of first baptist church in #bronxville with a congressional… 
nice to spend time with so many  advocates at this morning’s annual one walk in #yonkers. 
 : new - ranking member 's statement on the saudi government's explanation of the death of jamal #khashoggi:…
the trump administration thinks bosses should have veto power over women’s personal health care choices. the #gop d… 
 : new:  in an interview with me, , who would take over as foreign affairs committee chair if dems win house,…
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the #lgbtq… 
spoiler alert: despite their empty promises to protect the safeguards you care about, republicans haven’t given up… 
 : this is the  playbook on medicare &amp; social security - ) cut taxes to benefit the wealthiest of americans ) watch th…
 : ranking member : deeply disturbed by #guatemala gov’t revocation of visas for key  staff. another…
a frightening preview of congressional republicans’ next agenda item. the #goptaxscam didn’t just blow a massive ho… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
 : rm  joined chairman  in calling on the president for swift action on the #khashoggi disappearan…
 : rm  joined ranking members  &amp;  demanding quick action on the #khashoggi disappe…
 : rm : i welcome the release of pastor brunson as a critical step toward repairing the frayed us-turkey rela…
today marks  years since the death of #matthewshepard. i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor matthew and… 
 : today is the last day you can register to vote in new york’s general election.  there are a lot of important choices to…
 : rm : earlier this week, i joined my colleague rep.  and other lawmakers in calling on presid…
happy #nationalcomingoutday to all the brave #lgbtq individuals in #ny and around the world. today and every day… 
next year’s #socialsecurity cola will be .%. but we can do better. that’s why i’ve introduced the guaranteed % c… 
every day would be a good day for this. 
there was no reason to do this last year, and there's no reason to do it now - except to make it harder for america… 
air pollution is shortening lives, and the #toxictrump admin is only making it worse by increasing emissions of tox… 
 : proud to stand with  of my colleagues to sign this letter because it's so important.  secretary pompeo must reverse thi…
republicans and  have abandoned any progress to reverse #climatechange in order to prop up polluters. democra… 
the senate has just voted to confirm an ill-tempered, highly partisan, and wholly unqualified person to the supreme… 
it is my distinct honor to serve as one of the #grandmarshals for today’s th annual #korean parade and k-town fes… 
celebrating all of the wonderful work  does for our community at tonight’s “empower gala” in #westchester. 
 : by omitting women’s #reprorights from their human rights reports, trump’s  is sending a clear message that the…
this policy change is cruel, utterly unnecessary, and punishes gay and lesbian diplomats who don’t live in the %… 
this is welcome news and will hopefully spur other big corporations to act in a similar manner. i was also pleased… 
 : it's outrageous that the #trump administration is moving ahead with its scheme to transfer  resources to …
trump admin is still holding thousands of #children under lock-and-key. they move them from one facility to another… 
since that horrible day  year ago in #lasvegas, #gunviolence has taken the lives of thousands more. every day that… 
today marks one year since the  #lasvegas shooting. we remember and honor the  lives lost in the deadliest mass s… 
we had a great time today at the  season launch party in #hastings. 
it is a beautiful day for today’s #columbus day parade in #yonkers. 
proud to help celebrate the wonderful new renovations at  in #rye. ty rabbi gropper, rabbi frankel, and c… 
i’m proud to have joined this lawsuit. despite what  thinks, it is congress’ duty to hold this president a… 
honored to join so many friends at tonight’s  williamsbridge branch th anniversary freedom fund awards dinn… 
the contrast between dr. ford and judge kavanaugh’s testimonies yesterday could not have been more striking. ford w… 
dr. ford is a profile in courage.  must either postpone any further proceedings on this nomination until… 
 : great news! yesterday the house passed our hack your state department act, a bipartisan bill introduced with  to…
 : ranking member 's statement on 's resolution on the #yemen crisis:  htt…
yup. every single one. #merrickgarland 
this proves it doesn’t matter what the  hears on thursday. they’ve already decided on the outcome without… 
 : rm 's statement on trump's speech at #unga:  
 : the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
reminder to everyone that today is #nationalvoterregistrationday. for more information on how to register here in… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
nice meeting with reps from  today to discuss #korean/#us relations. 
the circus surrounding deputy ag rod rosenstein highlights just how important it is for congress to protect the… 
we've done a lot of work over the years to improve the health of the #longislandsound. today’s release of… 
congratulations, frank! it was my honor to submit a congressional record in celebration of your th birthday. 
 : thanks to  for your support of long island sound. 
thank you   advocates in #ny for hosting this important forum today in #yonkers. the connect… 
with so many millions of americans feeling the crush of #studentloans, the #publicserviceloanforgiveness program is… 
as #climatechange leads to more destructive storms, we cannot ever allow  to shirk their responsibility to the… 
. arguing about the death count is a ridiculous distraction meant to direct attention away from the inadequat… 
one year ago today, #hurricanemaria devastated #puertorico and the #usvirginislands leaving nearly  thousand —yes,… 
wishing you and your loved ones an easy fast and blessed #yomkippur. g'mar hatimah tovah! 
. must postpone the vote on brett #kavanaugh and conduct a thorough investigation of dr. christine bla… 
#scotus judges are appointed for life, and the monumental decisions they hand down affect us all. the senate must t… 
 : as ocean temperatures continue to rise, we are at risk for more damaging tropical weather. it’s time republicans joined…
 : blood drive! next thursday / we will be holding a  blood drive from am-pm at  kingsbridge ave! come d…
 : new: ranking member  blasts the ’s decision to slash the number of #refugees admitted to the uni…
 : senate republicans ran a transparently partisan confirmation process and then immediately insinuated prof ford is being unt…
 : rm  demands an investigation into the trump-putin summit in helsinki. read more: 
 : what a disgrace. imagine how those families in puerto rico who lost loved ones feel right now seeing this. …
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all #socialsecurity beneficiaries. i am proud to join more than … 
 : icymi: rm  and tri-caucus chairs , , , , and …
what a disgrace. imagine how those families in puerto rico who lost loved ones feel right now seeing this. 
this week is #nationalartsineducationweek. #becauseofartsed students can express themselves openly and freely throu… 
 : this doesn’t go far enough. congress needs to pass h.r., ’s bill to impose real penalties for election…
storms are becoming more powerful due to #climatechange and the #trump administration is dead-set on making it wors… 
we will #neverforget the unspeakable horror, the beautiful lives lost, or the pain. but we must also #neverforget t… 
as we celebrate #roshhashanah, i’d like to wish everyone a happy, healthy, and sweet new year! #shanatova! 
 : important read: “five times brett kavanaugh appears to have lied to congress while under oath” 
the rain has held off and we’re having a wonderful time at the annual #hastings river spirits music and arts festiv… 
 : rm : today, i thanked ivan velasquez for his continued brave efforts at the helm of  in #guatemala…
“i am not sure that all legal scholars refer to roe as the settled law of the land at the supreme court level since… 
yesterday’s  hearing on ’s alleged bias against conservatives was an obvious farce, but i did take… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
#snap is a vital lifeline for  million americans. we should be doing everything we can to #protectsnap in the… 
one year ago, the president ended the #daca program and put the lives of k young people in jeopardy. since then… 
 : brett kavanaugh just gave us a roadmap on how roe v. wade could be overturned. this isn't hypothetical, there are  cases that…
 : #snapmatters for children, seniors, people w/ disabilities, &amp; veterans. thank you  for recognizing that #snap…
 : rm : thx to  sg  for continuing to stand firmly behind  &amp; its first-rate commis…
as #scotus hearings continue today, oral arguments begin on the gop lawsuit to strike down protections for… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
there is no question that women’s health, rights &amp; safety are on the line #whatsatstake
president trump promised to appoint only #scotus justices who will take away women’s constitutional right to choose… 
brett #kavanaugh could vote to allow health insurance companies to deny coverage to people with pre-existing medica… 
as federal investigations against this administration ramp up, it’s no coincidence that the president's #scotus pic… 
#republicans want to add a person to the supreme court without looking at his full record. did he lie under oath? d… 
 : here at supreme court hearing.  i’ve requested that we postpone the hearing so we can obtain , documents about the…
today we celebrate the american worker, whose rights are under attack from the #gop and #scotus. as a country, we n… 
 : ranking member  &amp;  condemn the failure to renew . read their statement here: https://t.co…
almost  people died, president trump. i don’t think you did a fantastic job there. puerto rican citizens of the… 
so,  blows up the deficit with a tax cut for the rich, then says “in light of our nation’s fiscal situation”… 
 : the new edenwald  will improve health and quality of life for bronx residents. the state-of-the-art facility will creat…
this study confirms what we have said for months—#hurricanemaria and the humanitarian crisis that followed claimed… 
 : a new york congressman says he will introduce legislation regarding -d printed gun files. 
just for once, can we please pay respect to an honorable american without the president's personal pique getting in… 
we can't ever allow this to become normal. it’s not normal. rampant gun violence should not be a fact of life—it’s… 
 : we commend  for leading a bipartisan group pushing for justice for the #rohingya people of burma. …
 has been a courageous fighter and american patriot his entire life. we have worked closely on a numb… 
 : rm  led a bipartisan group of members pushing for justice for victims of mass atrocities in burma. read mo…
the  proposal to redirect mental health funding to buy firearms for schools is reckless beyond belief.… 
there is absolutely no scenario in which it is acceptable to compare a personal health care choice to the holocaust… 
 : rm : thanks senators coons, rubio, merkley, young, &amp; graham for introducing a companion to my global fragi…
 : rm : it’s truly shameful that the trump administration is allowing white nationalist conspiracy theories m…
 : thank you for voting "no" on h.r. ; please continue to protect &amp; strengthen #snap during the #farmbill conference pro…
.’ former campaign manager convicted on the same day his personal lawyer pleads guilty to campaign finance fr… 
i want to wish everyone eid mubarak today in new york, and throughout the world. 
#trump’s proposal to rollback the #cleanpowerplan is not at all surprising. once again, the #gop shows that it puts… 
 : rm : five years later, still no accountability for assad’s brutal chemical weapons attack in ghouta and el…
 : rm : i asked congressional research service to analyze reduced staffing at . today, we’re less a…
the  provides a place for people of all ages in the community to engage with one another and be active. i was… 
 : on up close this sunday  a.m on  ny cong.  about  and what dems plan for the mid te…
 : rm : i was saddened to hear of the passing of #kofiannan, a visionary statesman who dedicated his remarkab…
 : rm : the arrest &amp; torture of opposition mps including  undermines their constitutionally protec…
 : rm : congress has rejected #trumpcuts to international affairs budget for  years straight. it would be un…
#medicaid isn’t just a health insurance program: it is a promise that america does not turn its back on those who n… 
just taped a really good interview with  for this week’s episode of  #upclose. we discussed trum… 
 : cooling centers are open for those seeking relief from the heat. visit  or call . #beatt…
#socialsecurity turns  today, at a time when the exploding deficit caused by the #goptaxscam is putting its futur… 
about to join  on  to discuss the news of the day. 
the trump administration wants to allow the peddling of junk plans that won’t cover the treatments americans need.… 
one year since the horror in #charlottesville. more demonstrations from white nationalists are expected today in ou… 
 : the trump admin has reversed a decade of u.s. policy and is denying a path to legal status to young immigrants in ny wh…
 : rm 's statement on the new #russiasanctions:  
 : rm 's statement on recent hamas attacks:  
 : rm ,  &amp; , chairs of the house #tb elimination caucus, led  members in urging m…
republicans are fully complicit in the trump admin’s culture of corruption, refusing to do their duty to hold trump… 
as a #scotus justice, brett kavanaugh would be a direct threat to the #aca &amp; coverage for people with pre-existing… 
 : rm : political opposition is not a crime. the gov't of #zimbabwe’s pursuit of #tendaibiti, a senior member…
don’t forget, #ny: take precautions to avoid ticks &amp; be sure to do full-body tick checks on yourself, your childr… 
on average, it takes black women  months to earn what a male coworker makes in . that is unacceptable.… 
 : remember when  told americans to write the  to tell washington why #netneutrality matters? they overwhe…
today we honored the men and women of our armed forces who received the #purpleheart at a #purpleheartday ceremony… 
president trump has promised to appoint only biased justices who will overturn #roevwade. we need to take him at hi… 
celebrating the th anniversary of #jamaica’s independence with a ceremony hosted by  in… 
having a wonderful time at ’s community engagement parade in the #bronx. w/ 
i again call on  to instruct us embassies in centam to take a leading role in reunifying families whose p… 
great to meet with  to discuss how the u.s. and india can further strengthen our joint partnership.… 
 : rm  and  led over  members of congress in demanding that #tps be reinstated for el salv…
 : rm : #oas and #un special rapporteurs on freedom of expression are right to condemn pres. trump’s attacks…
this isn’t "removing unnecessary regulation" or "cutting red-tape" or somehow "promoting safety." it’s stifling inn… 
by letting junk plans proliferate, the trump administration is setting working families up to pay more and get less… 
trump’s political allies keep saying, “no votes were changed.”   there is no evidence to support that. intelligence… 
 : ranking member : #dguns are a problem that the #trump administration created. but there's still time to l…
 : the #trump administration has sent a lot of mixed signals lately when it comes to #iran policy. if you're confused, you'…
 : #dguns will be legal on wednesday unless  says no. get the word out. call your representative and senators —…
 : #dguns can be undetectable by metal detectors—that means they would be illegal under federal law. why would the #trump…
#dguns will be legal on wednesday unless  says no. get the word out. call your representative and senato… 
the #trump admin. just missed the nd court ordered deadline to reunite families. the disgraceful and incompetent h… 
 : my letter with  colleagues: we call on the trump administration to stop placing the interests of the $ billion formula…
where you live shouldn’t determine whether you can access a lifesaving organ transplant. proud to help lead this ef… 
 : ranking member  had some choice words for house republicans before they voted to block new sanctions on ru…
one year ago,  made the unconscionable decision to ban honorable transgender service members from serving in… 
 : house republicans had a chance to stand up for our democracy and punish russia for its attack on our elections. every si…
soon: i’ll speak on the house floor on my bill to impose new sanctions on #russia for attacking american democracy.… 
 : rm , , , , and  to : reunify children with de…
 : rm : “we have too many unanswered questions. what happened in president trump’s secret meeting with putin?…
 : rm : 's refusal to testify before the foreign affairs committee in a slap in the face. https://t…
 : .,  &amp;  (all leaders on national security) are demanding a cabinet-level briefing…
 : a week after the #helsinkisummit, we still don't know what was discussed in the private trump-putin meeting.  today, …
the main concern of child welfare services should be the best interest of the child. it is not in the best interest… 
 : the art of the deal:  ) manufacture a crisis.  ) blame it on someone else.  ) try to reverse course after the damage…
almost ¾ of all americans, including a majority of republicans, say don’t overturn #roevwade. it’s clear americans… 
if the senate confirms this or any supreme court justice who will end roe v wade, criminalize abortion, and abolish… 
 : just introduced a bill with  and  condemning the president's attacks on nato and his destructi…
 : rm : today, leader , ranking member , and i introduced legislation condemning pr…
 : rm  spoke to #montenegro's top diplomat after #trump insulted the european county and nato member last wee…
 : .,  &amp; i will be introducing a resolution condemning president trump’s statements during the he…
my palliative care &amp; hospice education &amp; training act #pcheta has passed the house! thank you ,… 
 : great news! the #palliative care and #hospice education and training act has just passed in the house of representatives…
 : ., ,  - thanks for your leadership in advancing #pcheta and helping to secure passage in…
 : thank you  for being a fierce supporter of #pcheta and advocating for it's passage on the house floor today! #…
 : don't be distracted by all caps. we’re not attacking iran.  but russia *did* attack our  elections to help donald tr…  : president  says he'll issue an executive order to end the united state's more than century old practic…
the president’s plan, announced just days before the  midterm election, is a deliberate attempt to fan the flam… 
more than  countries provide #birthrightcitizenship, contrary to the president’s claim that the u.s. is the only… 
for more than a century, crossing republican and democratic administrations, it has been widely accepted that the … 
 :  preps a -gear oversight machine: “this is not about trying to get any retribution"   outlines d spend…
the co-chairs of the bipartisan taskforce for combating anti-semitism condemn the tree of life synagogue attack. we… 
 : ny rep. , partial statement: "i am pleased that the  is considering new labeling requirements for sesame,…
i urge the fda to swiftly move forward with these new disclosure requirements to protect public health and put nece… 
requiring sesame under federal law to be listed on food allergen labeling would mitigate these risks, making it eas… 
for years, i have pushed the fda to add sesame to the list of major food allergens. just like other major allergens… 
i am pleased that the fda is considering new labeling requirements for sesame, one of the most prevalent allergens… 
congress must enact meaningful reform to strengthen and expand our gun laws. i will continue monitoring this nation… 
unfortunately, anti-semitism &amp; hate filled rhetoric &amp; attacks have become all too common. we must confront hate whe… 
this morning’s hate-filled attack on tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh is an attack on us all. my prayers are w/… 
thank you to the law enforcement officials who were able to swiftly apprehend the mail bomb suspect. we are gratefu… 
such a pleasure to meet these terrific middle school girls at 's #regeneronddg &amp; to discuss the importan… 
 : middle school girls from westchester county participated in a stem project with  as part of a “day for doing…
westchester jewish life: lowey announces federal terrorism prevention funding for jcc’s    
 : rep. nita lowey: “we condemn these attempted attacks and are grateful that the packages were successfully intercepted. my sta…
 : rep. for ny's th district 
hateful rhetoric &amp; violence must be condemned, not promoted. while the motives of the individual/individuals behind… 
my statement on explosive devices sent to former president obama, former secretary of state clinton, and philanthro… 
 : .: "my staff and i have been in contact with local elected officials, law enforcement, and the fbi, and we wil…
we condemn these attempted attacks and are grateful that the packages were successfully intercepted. my staff and i… 
this latest incident is part of the larger systemic problems plaguing post office branches throughout the lower hud… 
great  piece by '  on 's removal of reproductive rights from its human… 
lowey, d-n.y, the top democrat on the house appropriations committee, said trump’s plan to cut aid to central ameri… 
 : mt : in the historic hudson valley, congresswoman  (d-ny) talked w  about the humanities &amp;…
democratic representative nita lowey said trump’s threat to cut foreign aid “ignores that congress, not the preside… 
i'm pleased to announce $, in federal funding for big brothers big sisters of rockland county to support ment… 
my statement on 's threat to cut off foreign aid over the migrant caravan:    
i am deeply troubled that several boxes of mail were dumped in the woods in somers last week. this latest incident… 
"u.s. rep. nita lowey followed suit in september, demanding answers to widespread complaints about mail fraud and s… 
 : thanks so much to  for helping to keep ,  and every other  state and territory counc…
preserving our shared histories and culture is crucial for future generations. as  ranking member, i se… 
it was a pleasure to join  chairman jon parrish peede today at  to discuss the importance of the hu… 
 : getting ready to discuss the humanities with   and many more! thanks to  for hosting this imp…
#wednesdaywisdom  palestinian partnership fund act of  (hr) ➜  
hv congresswoman wants to create a palestinian partnership fund     
i'm proud to have earned a  on 's congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality! #hrcscorecard… 
pro-israel congress members push bill for palestinian investment    
 : tomorrow we'll be at  with   talking about what the humanities means to , residents and…
#nationalbossday 
lowey and fortenberry introduce palestinian partnership fund act of  - this legislation would be a critical ste… 
the palestinian partnership fund act would be a critical step in the reconciliation process necessary for there to… 
my global health, empowerment, and rights act (or her act) would permanently repeal the ill-conceived, anti-woman g… 
. &amp; i have introduced the palestinian partnership fund act of  to facilitate and finance joint… 
it was a real pleasure to visit  this weekend to give an update on my work in washington, homeland s… 
our keeping girls in school act would support the economic &amp; educational empowerment of girls globally, helping mak… 
we are grateful to the fbi and local law enforcement for thwarting this plot. we owe them a tremendous debt of grat… 
this morning, i was happy to join  &amp;  at their annual senior fair in ossining to discuss t… 
 : today is our annual #ossining senior fair at the joseph g. caputo community center. we are open until pm so please stop…
failing  educate a child robs her of economic opportunities &amp; deprives her of her voice &amp; future place in the worl… 
we are grateful to the fbi and local law enforcement for thwarting this plot. we owe them a tremendous debt of grat… 
while nothing has been confirmed, allegations of khashoggi’s murder within the consulate are disturbing and require… 
i am deeply concerned by the disappearance of journalist and u.s. resident jamal khashoggi at saudi arabia’s consul… 
. "chose to ignore the facts in service of a campaign-style op-ed." - the truth is that health care… 
 : ranking member  and  ranking member  called on omb director mulvaney to adequatel…
icymi - i sent a letter urging irs commissioner charles rettig to amend a proposed regulation that would prohibit n… 
railroads have had  years and ample resources to complete ptc installation. further delays in fully implementing… 
 : new: in a joint letter,  &amp;  urge  to work with  on a bipartisan ag…
my heart is with the victims of this horrible crash. i hope the ntsb investigation will soon tell us what happened… 
as  of the house women who in ' marched  senate in support of anita hill, i was asked many times if senate woul… 
today is #manufacturingday &amp; i want to thank &amp; congratulate #ny’s  manufacturing companies and their  empl… 
my new letter urging  commissioner to amend a proposed regulation that would prohibit ny &amp; other states fro… 
“by omitting reproductive rights from its annual human rights reports, the administration is further signaling that… 
the admin’s plan to end tps displays a remarkable lack of human decency and forces upon recipients the heart-wrench… 
 : .'s failure to meet sept. deadline to re-post #lgbt resources is unacceptable. every day this guidance is unavai…
glad a federal judge issued a preliminary injunction against admin's effort to end tps for , immigrants. reci… 
. has been awarded $, in federal funding to combat opioid abuse.  with this funding, orangetown… 
manufacturers of e-cigarettes have proven unable to keep their devices out of the hands of minors.   the window of… 
since day one, i've opposed capping the #salt deduction at $k, which the #goptaxscam does.   my salt deductibilit… 
 : by omitting women’s #reprorights from their human rights reports, trump’s  is sending a clear message that the…
had a great time visiting riverview nursery school in s. nyack to announce historic federal investments for child c… 
congratulations  faculty, administrators, students, and parents on being recognized as a national blue… 
lgbt couples working in the united states deserve the same treatment as their opposite-sex couple counterparts.… 
congrats to  on receiving this $, in federal funding, which will help more students succeed academic… 
lgbt couples working in the united states deserve the same treatment as their opposite-sex couple counterparts.  th… 
the admin’s decision to halt visas for same-sex partners of diplomats is arbitrary and dangerous, with the majority… 
today, as we remember the victims of the #lasvegasshooting tragedy, we must recommit to strengthening our nation's… 
did you catch me on  discussing the kavanaugh nomination? if not, you can watch the interview here ➜ 
i'm pleased to announce $k in federal funding to . at a time when countless women are bravely coming forwa… 
dem. rep. lowey: ford's testimony demands fbi investigation |  #delaythevote ⚖️ 
 : #ny politicians react to u.s. #supremecourt justice nomination testimony #dailyvoice   …
dr. blasey ford's testimony was credible, showed she has character, &amp; was an honest, honest perspective.   it's cle… 
 : rep.  says dr. ford's testimony is "credible" and calls for an fbi investigation into the kavanaugh allegations beca…
i told  that a supreme court justice needs more than intelligence and an ivy league education—they need cha… 
talking now with  about dr. blasey ford’s testimony.   it took dr. blasey ford real guts to come forward… 
watching dr. blasey ford testify. we support and believe her!   the fbi must investigate and this nomination must c… 
we implored senators to respect anita hill. they've learned nothing since then.     
 : we implored senators to respect anita hill. they've learned nothing since then, says  
my new  op-ed: kavanaugh's accusers are being treated just like hill was. the senate has learned nothi… 
 : we've done a lot of work over the years to improve the health of the #longislandsound. today’s release of '…
#believesurvivors   
my annual service academy information night will take place tonight at  from  to  pm. for more info, con… 
contact us for assistance: washington, dc office: -- white plains office: -- new city office: … 
 : . calls the funding "a first round of assistance" for those affected by florence.  says "it is obvi…
reminder: my annual service academy information night will take place on monday, september , at wcc from  to  p… 
please read this great article by 's dr. richard stumacher on the dangers of youth vaping. dr. stumacher… 
 : "if president trump wants to throw a temper tantrum by vetoing this bill, blocking pay for our troops, and shutting down t…
rushing ahead with the kavanaugh nomination without first thoroughly investigating the allegations is absolutely wr… 
$k homeland security grant to rockland county |   
 : rep. nita lowey played a key role in demanding clarence thomas' confirmation hearing be delayed so anita hill could testif…
#tbt "responding to slaughter's comment, he said, 'louise slaughter has been after my tail for years! all those gal… 
icymi - i was on 's "new day" this morning to discuss hill, kavanaugh  i still think the male members of congre… 
#tbt to when we stormed up the senate steps to demand the confirmation vote on justice thomas be delayed so that pr… 
threats of terrorism &amp; natural disasters are all too real. we need to have resources necessary to protect our commu… 
i’ll be on  this morning around : re kavanaugh/hill. tune in!
 : when , nita lowey, patsy mink, pat schroeder and others marched across the tarmac to demand anita hill be h…
with increased rates of anti-semitism around the country, our community must condemn such acts in a united voice. a… 
as the jewish people begin to observe the holiest day of the year, westchester has once again been struck by an inc… 
 : u.s. rep. nita lowey of #westchester criticizes new #trump administration cap on the number of #refugees allowed into…
$.m in federal grants for port chester housing authority |  🏘️ - "every person, regardless of thei… 
today, the house sent a clear signal to the admin that the u.s. must remain a leader in the fight against anti-semi… 
 : i commend      for their work to ensure bipartisan passage. i ho…
the "adults in the room" are not winning. 
i was also in puerto rico after hurricane maria, with speaker ryan.  i have every reason to dispute ’s sicken… 
. are #forthepeople, w/ a plan to:  • lower health care costs &amp; prescription drug prices • increase… 
lowey announces $, safer grant for village of haverstraw fire depament 🚒👩‍🚒  
it is a welcome sign that the fda has acknowledged what parents, teachers, the public health community, and elected… 
 : thank you  &amp; ! your bipartisan leadership in supporting the  and #globalhealth effort…
fda must close the window of opportunity for young people to get hooked on nicotine, staving off the next public he… 
we have known for some time that many companies and sellers actively -- and successfully -- market products toward… 
it's a welcome sign #fda has acknowledged what parents, teachers, public health community, &amp; elected officials, mys… 
last week, i was joined by  and  of our house/senate colleagues in stressing bipartisan support for… 
every person deserves to live in a safe and healthy environment. the federal funding announced today will enable th… 
#neverforget #september 
icymi -- dna backlog: $, in federal funds allocated for forensic testing    “this critical federal fund… 
 : new:  , , , ,  &amp;  will se…
so pleased to announce the awarding of $, 💵to westchester county to reduce the current backlog of cases to be… 
 : read the letter to mattis from    &amp; :  https://t.co…
with kavanaugh’s nomination, women's rights and health care protections are #whatsatstake. we must #stopkavanaugh a… 
 : . ranking member , subcommittee  ranking members ,  &amp; , and …
while there are legitimate concerns w/ unrwa, i am troubled by admin’s decision to cut off unrwa $$ without plans f… 
kavanaugh would be a pivotal vote to destroy roe v. wade and dismantle healthcare coverage for americans with pre-e… 
 : new:  , , ,  &amp;  will serve on the conferenc…
 : watch: brett kavanaugh snubs parkland victim's father's handshake attempt at hearing  …
feds give ny medical college $$ to study obesity-driven heart disease |  ❤️  
 : lowey asks for answers from usps about mail theft and late deliveries  via 
 : lowey demands answers from usps about mail theft and late deliveries  
lowey demands answers from usps about mail theft and late deliveries |    📪
 : walk-up weekdays begin monday, september rd! visitors may enter the museum on a first-come, first-served basis monday through…
new  story on my pressing  deputy postmaster general for answers on scheduling changes and proble… 
nita lowey presents overdue war medals to deceased navy veteran |   🎖️🎖️🎖️  
read my new letter to the  deputy postmaster general pressing for answers on scheduling changes and problems a… 
 local orgs will receive a total of $,, in new and continuation federal grants for youth anti-substance ab… 
today, pace univ. pres. krislov &amp; i were joined by college &amp; graduate school students &amp; administrators  a roundtab… 
 : rep.  (ny-) took a tour of the continental building products plant in buchanan to observe its clean energy…
congresswoman nita lowey, ranking democrat on the house appropriations committee, says $, will go towards pro… 
nonprofits receive federal funding to protect against terrorism |   
pleased to announce a total of $, in federal funding to protect nonprofits in rockland and westchester counti… 
it was a pleasure to tour continental building products’ buchanan, ny plant to observe its clean energy efforts and… 
i'm thrilled that after nearly three years since breaking ground on the new montrose va pool facility, &amp; after near… 
as i’ve said before, a project of this significance must be fully understood by all who would be affected, and we m… 
following a letter i sent, the army corps of engineers has extended the public comment period on proposals to const… 
 : happening today: congresswoman  will join in the opening of the montrose va facility’s refurbished indoor pool. i…
my thoughts and prayers are with the mccain family during this difficult time.
it was my distinct honor to serve with him in the congress, where he led with integrity and respect, always speakin… 
above all else, john mccain was a patriot, and our nation is a better place thanks to his lifelong service, first a… 
greatly concerned by admin’s reported decision to cut more than $ mill for west bank/gaza and its impact on stab… 
this week’s disturbing developments underscore the #cultureofcorruption that surrounds president trump. congress mu… 
 : arming teachers is not the answer to school shootings, and it is outrageous that  would even consider using t…
a new level of brazen: trump's white house admits their plan will increase carbon emissions and lead to up to ,… 
today’s news of nazi guard palij’s deportation is a win for justice and an affirmation of the united states’ opposi… 
i join democrats’ call to the administration for a full account of the humanitarian crisis in yemen and what the us… 
the situation in gaza is extremely concerning, and we must work alongside the intl. community to alleviate the huma… 
i strongly condemn the recent rocket attacks from hamas on israel. they're a sobering reminder israel has every rig… 
. promised to drain the swamp. instead they've doubled down on their special-interest agenda with massive… 
if you live in #ny and haven't already, please take my survey on health care priorities. it should take only a mi… 
the  admin is rolling back #cleanercars standards, undermining the fight against climate change and… 
follow me on social media! much appreciation for those who already do! 
my constituents, and the millions more who live and work along these waters, have only in recent weeks learned abou… 
icymi - federal grant to be used for white plains fire department rescue training |   🚒  
while i understand that recent storms have prompted a call for urgent action, we must not rush into construction an… 
today i called on  to extend the public comment period on storm surge barriers for ny harbor.  
lowey announces $, federal grant to provide rescue training for white plains fire department personnel… 
at a time when wages are stagnant, ceos are receiving “eye-popping” payouts, &amp; the deficit is skyrocketing because… 
 years ago today, lbj signed #medicare &amp; #medicaid into law, helping generations of americans achieve economic se… 
the mta has had  years and ample resources to complete ptc installation. further delays in fully implementing thi… 
happy birthday, new york! on july , , ny became the th state to join the union. 
 : . opposes ’s spending priorities. explains that these priorities favor ’ border wall at the expen…
there is simply no excuse for  not to fully implement ptc by the end of the year. further delays to impl… 
very disturbing that the  administration is trying to hide its foreign policy actions from the publ… 
 : . supports ’s amendment. notes that if ice is incapable of caring for pregnant women, it should no…
 : . offers an amendment with  to protect holders of temporary protected status, many of whom cannot…
 : i strongly support ranking member  and ’s amendment to protect tps recipients from the threat…
 : . speaks in support of his &amp; ’s amendment. explains that ’ #tps decisions appears to be ins…
. has had  years and ample resources to complete ptc installation. further delays in fully implementing this… 
 : house appropriations committee's top democrat  to frelinghuysen: "members like you make this committee the bes…
 : .: this bill fails to provide any funds for a new coast guard heavy icebreaker, an area where russia is vastly o…
 : .: the  homeland security bill allows the deportation of #dreamers and indefinite detention of children…
 : .:  is prioritizing ’ border wall &amp; cruel immigration policies instead of the urgent needs of ame…
 : on 's watch  redacted info from its review of national monuments. is the trump admin looking fo…
the #aderholtamendment gives child welfare providers a #licensetodiscriminate against lgbt families who want to fos… 
nita lowey urges feds to reconsider risks of aim gas pipeline near indian point |  
roe v. wade affirmed the constitutional right of women to make their own health choices, free of government intrusi… 
my letters to  &amp; nysdps on aim pipeline risk analysis report ➔   i urge ferc to conside… 
despite overwhelming public support, the trump ’s repeal of #netneutrality starts today. i support a vote to… 
countdown to the  #doublenegative excuse.   nielsen: "it's not not that one side was right and one… 
 : after a speech where rep. steny hoyer () called for rising “above pandering to party and putin to act on behalf of… my heart goes out to the families and loved ones of the innocent victims who lost their lives during saturday morni… 
 : today #bostonfed pres. eric #rosengren is in western massachusetts with  and  offering his economi…
thanks to eric rosengren of  for joining me #intheberkshires today with  &amp;  grou… 
 : local leaders told of bi-partisan federal response to addiction  via  …
 : ➡️: "the gop’s lack of effective strategy to bring down prescription prices goes hand in hand with the pa…
today i had a conversation with the  regarding the #opioidepidemic across our state &amp; country. we spo… 
let’s go ! it’s time to #beatla and #dodamage in boston tonight for game  of the #worldseries. #redsoxvsdodgers
 : 🚨the trump administration has released guidance to unravel protections for people with pre-existing conditions and push…
 : joined  and  today in condemning the latest effort by the trump administration to unravel prote…
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the #lgbtq… 
thanks to  for their continued attention to the importance of east/west #rail including service that goes a… 
i urge president trump to work closely with the turkish government to conduct a full investigation into his reporte… 
the disappearance of the washington post journalist jamal kashoggi in istanbul this week should be of great concern… 
thank you to  for awarding me with the “ champion for healthy seniors award.” our seniors deserve the best… 
good news for #socialsecurity – next year’s #cola will be .%. but with the rising costs seniors face – we need to… 
congratulations to  on receiving $. million from the  to rehabilitate and convert its -year-old fix… 
i am thrilled to see this transformation happen as we continue to work on the revitalization of downtown springfiel… 
thanks to     &amp;  for joining me for my annual wa… 
 : icymi:   ranking member ’s and rep. ’s statements on the updated nafta agreement ⬇️  https:/…
 : as part of a larger package, the house just passed ’s bill requiring medicare to cover opioid treatment p…
 : ranking member : "in less than a year, house republicans have handed out trillions of tax cuts for the we…
 : ranking member :   house republicans’ “second round of tax cuts for the wealthy will further compromise t…
today   &amp; i voiced our support for hr  - a bipartisan #opioid package that includes a… 
 : ranking members from ways &amp; means, , and  voice support for the newly-released legislative p…
. was awarded $. million in two grants from the  to develop &amp; support curricula for internet technol… 
whether it be wildfires in california, flooding in texas, or a tornado in massachusetts - the american principle sa… 
i have visited the island of #puertorico, i have heard concerns from individuals who are now in ma awaiting the abi… 
it has been  year since #hurricanemaria ravaged destruction through #puertorico &amp; #usvi. i have not forgotten abou… 
this afternoon we raised the #puertorican flag in springfield's memorial square as we begin #hispanicheritagemonth… 
 : thank you congressman, , for your remarks and support of the opening of our new baystate wing hospital…
 : ranking member :   “the republicans’ tax . legislation is another reckless tax cut for the wealthy that…
the republicans’ tax . legislation is another reckless tax cut for the wealthy that leaves behind average, hardwo… 
as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, t… 
the first #goptaxscam caused millions of americans to lose their health insurance and contributed to rising health… 
today i visited the #sept memorial in #ludlow which includes a steel beam from one of the fallen towers. we are f… 
 :  starts the conversation to #endmasshunger with the #coalitiontoendhunger: "the work of  has…
glad to announce that the towns of cheshire, dudley, goshen, and north adams have been awarded assistance for firef… 
i am pleased with the international trade commission's announcement to overturn tariffs on canadian newsprint. toda… 
earlier today, i was happy to join  and hcs head start inc. to unveil a new $ million head start ch… 
john mccain was a patriot who served our country with honor and distinction. i believe we should follow tradition a… 
today, i was pleased to join mayor brian sullivan and airport manager eric billowitz in announcing a $,, dep… 
our country has lost a brave and courageous american with the passing of john mccain tonight. he lived a remarkable… 
john mccain is a patriot who has served our nation throughout his life with honor and distinction. the american peo… 
i join the entire massachusetts house congressional delegation in calling upon the department of homeland security… 
i welcome  ’s proposal to change the culture of washington and restore the american people’s faith in our… 
on wednesday, i celebrated #nhcw at . this was a great opportunity for me to thank them specificall… 
one week from today  opens its doors. i joined ,   and… 
it's encouraging to see construction starting at springfield innovation center on bridge st, a project i have long… 
 : fdr signed social security into law  years ago today. learn more about how ways and means democrats, led on the social…
our last stop was at outlook farm in #westhampton where i met brad who runs the barn and eatery. they offer fruits,… 
aaron and kim at  in #shelburne struggled with rising costs at their dairy farm so they worked with the… 
david at sunbrite farm in #bernardston said that the trump #tariffs are killing his milk prices. as a member of our… 
thanks to chris and roland at eden pond farm in #bernardston for giving me a tour of their poultry farm and for a g… 
we’re on the road today for our annual farm tour with  visiting and talking to farmers in #bernardston… 
best of luck to #pittsfield american #littleleague team this morning as they vie for the new england regional champ… 
thanks to    and the great volunteers for having me at the #holyoke mobile food b… 
 : just now in #webster: i joined   &amp; town admin. doug willardson to thank first responders &amp; local…
western and central ma have benefited greatly from this most recent round of assistance to firefighters grants. tod… 
great news today:  is bringing #stem education to  through a great partnership with… 
 : we're live from . first up:  joins us on the line to discuss tornado damage in dudley and webs…
here in  getting an update on the #tornado recovery efforts with   .… 
in our continued effort to ensure safety for passengers, workers, &amp; all those who pass through… 
the damage in central massachusetts from the weekend's storms is heartbreaking to see. i'll be in #dudley this afte… 
 : . and the #faa approved five grants totaling $.m to improve #airport #infrastructure across #massachusetts, including…
this is a reckless move by the trump administration and an assault on clean air and water protections that all citi… 
thanks to  and  for their assistance on this issue here in western massachusetts. now, with … 
according to reports yesterday, the trump administration was considering bypassing congress and granting $ billi… 
this is a small step in the right direction. these d guns are untraceable, have no serial numbers &amp; can easily get… 
today is the anniversary of #medicaid and  being signed into law in . these programs continue to add y… 
spent this morning #intheberkshires announcing  grant for #pittsfield &amp; #northadams airports totaling $,… 
with this legislation,  and i want to prevent the #medicare part d prescription drug costs from skyroc… 
proud to vote for fy #ndaa which includes the authorization of the construction of a $. million regional iso m… 
families across the nation will gravely suffer if we return to the days when insurance companies could discriminate… 
 : . and other members of the joint select committee on solvency of multiemployer pension plans are working…
it is critical that we address this crisis and help these americans whose retirements are now at risk by no fault o… 
 : just finished this morning’s meetings with  and  together with  discussing matters of…
 : today,  heard from retirees and small businesses whose #pensions are on the verge of collapse. democrats…
phase  of the republicans' tax bill released today is more of the same. it rewards the well-off and well-connected… 
on hand to welcome home a family to their newly constructed house on sumner ave in #springfield thanks to the treme… 
proud to be named a #defenderchildren by . as a father, grandfather, former high school teacher &amp; lo… 
we're not arguing about adopting a tax on carbon emissions. this merely “expresses the sense of congress” about a… 
a compassionate immigration system reflects our country’s basic values. while the trump administration is determine… 
this situation speaks to a larger issue: the need for a natl discussion around fixing our broken immigration system… 
i continue to be outraged at the heartbreaking scenes of scared, uncared for children and devastated families at ou… 
today our country is in the midst of a retirement crisis. nearly half of american private sector employees – roughl… 
in helsinki this morning, the american people witnessed potus taking the side of a former kgb officer on foreign so… 
we unveiled two benches on loan from  at #springfield union station this morning. thanks to john ca… 
today we remember the life of springfield native gysgt tommy sullivan who was killed in an attack at a military rec… 
we celebrated the reopening of jaime ulloa park in springfield this morning. it is an important part of the neighbo… 
i am in ohio this afternoon with my fellow members of the joint select committee on solvency of multiemployer pensi… 
 : today,  shared the story of his constituent, joanne, who is a three-time breast cancer survivor. insuranc…
president trump’s comments in #belgium yesterday towards our long time #nato partners and friends were unhelpful, m… 
actions today would not reverse the ongoing sabotage on our nation’s health care system. the list is astounding—pro… 
ma delegation mtg today w/ brooks tingle, president &amp; ceo of john hancock insurance, &amp; dr. dariush mozaffarian, dea… 
 : ranking member  on president trump’s decision to politicize administrative law judges: “this executive or…
this is an incredibly moving tribute that will honor the innocent lives that were lost on #september. we are luck… 
great day at #growwithgoogle event in #springfield. hundreds of entrepreneurs, students, job seekers, &amp; small busin… 
great to be at the opening of the pediatric inpatient acute rehabilitation unit at . we are lucky to… 
wishing everyone a happy and safe #fourthofjuly. as we celebrate our independence, let us take a moment to think ab… 
i am thrilled to be chosen for this position to ensure the interests of the vital military institutions in #ma ar… 
while temperatures continue to rise, take note of these important safety tips from . 
i am pleased to see that tsa will be extended for #puertorico survivors until july . this is a welcome outcome th… 
it was great to visit rick's place in #wilbraham yesterday to learn about the work they do supporting grieving chil… 
 : today ranking members , , ,  sent a letter to  on thei…
thanks to  for meeting with me in springfield today to discuss keeping all families together. 
 : new polling shows a majority of americans haven’t noticed an increase in their paychecks as a result of the #goptaxsca…
congratulations to jacob amaro of the roger l. putnam vocational technical academy in  for winning t… 
the house just failed to pass gop "compromise" immigration legislation. it must be real bipartisan legislation that… 
it was great to meet nova and her family from springfield today in dc when they were in town advocating for… 
 : during their meeting with  chairman powell today, ways &amp; means democrats focused on finding ways to get m…
joined my colleagues today to denounce republicans’ renewed efforts to dismantle aca’s pre-existing conditions prot… 
icymi: here's my op-ed from the  on the issue from april. 
the #scotus ruling against unions in janus v afscme is yet another unprecedented attack on free speech. it is becau… 
our founding fathers had the foresight to include in the constitution individuals’ right to due process of law to p… 
 : ranking member  on ’s long-term budget outlook:   “in the cbo’s new report, we see the long-term co…
small businesses rely on #netneutrality to connect with customers nationwide online. these businesses use the inter… 
 : the republican tax law increases the national debt by more than $ trillion. it’s no surprise that by , america’s in…
history will look back on today's #scotus decision as one where the court endorsed discrimination. #nomuslimbanever 
 : the opioid crisis affects americans of all ages, but currently, medicare doesn’t cover opioid treatment programs. rankin…
no one should be denied care because they have a pre-existing condition. republicans are trying to strike down prot… 
joining my colleagues on the steps of the capitol to support #familiesbelongtogether and call on the trump administ… 
 : republicans’ sabotage of our nation’s health care system continues. association health plans provide inadequate coverage…
i'm happy to work with  and be a co-sponsor of this bill to #keepfamiliestogether. the trump adminis… 
how many more families will be traumatized before this cruel &amp; inhumane program is halted? president trump could st… 
happy #fathersday to all those across #cd and the country. enjoy your day. 
#icymi: all rides this weekend on the new  are free. find train times here:  
great to be in #hartford today with      &amp;… 
i spoke on the floor today regarding hr , the synthetics trafficking and overdose prevention (stop) act of … 
ma is home to one of the largest concentrations of #puertoricans in the us. and they still need our help following… 
 : just released: , , , and  introduce h.r. , bipartisan legisla…
 : the trump administration is refusing to defend protections for  million americans with pre-existing conditions. this…
 : today, democratic committee leaders, including , demanded answers from  and  on the trump a…
in massachusetts alone ,, individuals have pre-existing conditions. now, the trump administration is undermi… 
live at noon: . i join democratic leadership to demand answers from the trump administration… 
thanks   mayor sarno &amp; state legislators who joined me today at #unionstation to announce a… 
this is another troubling move from the current administration. targeting victims of domestic violence is simply di… 
the  took away a free and open internet. the senate has voted to #savetheinternet. i’m supporting the same legi… 
 : ranking members , , &amp;  respond to the trump administration’s latest health care s…
 : #read ranking members , ,  response to the trump administration's attack on acc…
today’s bill is hr .  hr  was the #goptaxbill and a giveaway to billionaires.  hr  cut food assistance for worki… 
 : ., ranking member of , up now opposing trump-gop rescissions bill. explains that  is…
happy to welcome students from #chicopee's dupont middle school to the capitol today. 
this afternoon i met with families currently living in #cd who were displaced by hurricane maria hitting… 
thanks to  alex dunn for meeting with members of the new england delegation today to discuss projects… 
 : ranking member  on the  medicare trustees report:  "with their repeated efforts to sabotage the natio…
happy to celebrate the achievements of the  community scholarship winners this morning and offer the… 
thanks to  and  for their continued partnership. 
great day celebrating  grants to     … 
the harvard report out today regarding the death toll in #puertorico is staggering. my statement is below. 
congratulations to edward thomas of  on his appointment to the . a great accomplishment… 
from there, it was on to #lee for their memorial day parade. great to be with  &amp; … 
this morning in #richmond, i was honored to participate in a #memorialday ceremony to thank corporal david a. reyno… 
today, i voted in favor of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year  because it benefits so many… 
always happy to welcome  and her staff to the office to discuss how we can work together to… 
let's invest in something people will take: opportunities. 
thanks to  for meeting with the massachusetts delegation today in dc to discuss the state of the commo… 
congratulations to #longmeadow's own  on winning #thevoice last night. you have quite a future ahead… 
americans want to work, and they’re eager to learn new skills that will allow them to find good jobs and support th… 
congrats to  #minnechaug student sebastian karpinski on his nomination to . wishing… 
in honor of #armedforcesday i extend my sincere gratitude to all those in all branches of the armed forces who have… 
western &amp; central ma is full of craft breweries. as co-chair of the small brewers caucus i am proud to see these sm… 
this #gopfarmbill hurts the american people – farmers, students, children, veterans, the elderly, and disabled. it'… 
today’s shooting in texas is just another reminder of the urgency for common sense gun control. schools should be a… 
 : today, ranking member  met with china’s vice premier liu he on the challenges facing the u.s.-china econo…
the #opioidepidemic is not a democrat or republican issue. everyone in this room has a family member or knows someo… 
new developments in the fight for a free and open internet – the senate votes today led by my friend .  i… 
last year, republicans wrote a law that gives % of the tax savings to the top %. now,  million american famili… 
 : nearly six months since its signing, the republican tax law has spurred layoffs, higher health care costs, ballooning de…
my staff met with  today for #alsawarenessmonth on #alshillday. happy to join the fight to find a cure. 
this week we recognize #nationalpoliceweek and the brave local, state, and federal officers who have died or been d… 
join me in voting for  superstar  on  tonight #voicetop #brittonbrynnduet 
congratulations to  student jacob amaro from putnam who was chosen as the winner of the  congres… 
this #mothersday let us give working mothers what they really need - paid family and medical leave, and fair pay. t… 
yesterday kay simpson of  and i took dr. seuss' stepdaughter leagrey dimond on a tour of springfield… 
today’s #prescriptiondrug proposal from president trump stops short of providing meaningful solutions that will sol… 
thanks to  at  for the great tour of campus today. quite an impressive atmosphere and… 
 : the prices for thousands of prescription drugs have increased by double digits since president trump took office. democr…
senate democrats move one step closer to forcing vote to #savetheinternet. proud to support similar #netneutrality… 
the withdrawal from the #irannucleardeal will damage our credibility &amp; isolate the united states from the intl comm… 
this is simply unacceptable. democrats are looking for ways to make health care more affordable and accessible, not… 
today we thank teachers - in #ma and across the country - who go above and beyond in their quest to cultivate lear… 
 : ranking member  is calling for bipartisan action on legislation that will strengthen health insurance and…
one year after #trumpcare vote,   &amp; i urged  to allow a vote on legislation tha… 
in massachusetts alone, #trumpcare would have meant , people losing coverage including , people with me… 
 : to help taxpayers better understand the republican tax law and to limit tax avoidance, ranking member  is…
 : .: "republicans rushed the tax bill through congress with little opportunity for public comment or close…
students from #easthampton high school were in dc earlier this week representing massachusetts in the we the people… 
from there, i visited  in #ludlow for a tour of their facility and to visit with staff before heading to… 
today at the 's annual #lawday celebration i spoke on the  theme of "separation of powers" and was ha… 
 : thank you  for a wonderful meeting yesterday, and for your support of the bold act, and making alzheimer’s a…
small businesses not only provide good paying jobs to our neighbors and friends. they also invigorate our local com… 
last week  &amp; i met w  to continue to discuss the lack of local news &amp; programming in some areas of wm… 
i joined my colleagues today to pass the faa reauthorization act which authorizes the faa for  years &amp; includes an… 
eighteen-thousand precision manufacturing jobs in new england go unanswered every single day. one million tech jobs… 
 : with congressman  , member of the committee of ways and means,  and  discussing t…
 : it was very nice meeting with  to discuss about the current situation in puerto rico and the efforts we…
this morning i met with kenneth mcclintock, former sec of state and lg of #puertorico &amp; mayita melendez, mayor of… 
thanks to  for their advocacy on these incredibly important issues that i have spent my career fighting for. 
i am proud to work with my colleagues  and  to address this issue by introducing the stop ac… 
today i met with  chairman powell about the state of our economy, the reasons behind the decline in…  at event organized by  to show our support for the jewish community and to denounce all hate in all of… 
no matter what the president says, #birthrightcitizenship is protected by the constitution's th amendment. he can… 
my office will be sponsoring a medicare event to help you understand your benefits. tomorrow, tuesday. see flyer fo… 
hatred and bigotry have no place in our nation. my heart goes out to the victims at tree of life synagogue and thei… 
blankenstein’s widespread use of racial slurs and skepticism of racial discrimination is in direct contradiction to… 
happening now: join us shortly at our job fair at east bronx academy for the future in #thebronx 
proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the #lgbtq comm… 
standing in support of postal banking in the bronx with my colleague , joined by … 
press: join us today at  pm in hunts point to call for the reestablishment of affordable banking services inside p… 
this rule has not been put into effect yet, and  will do everything we can to stop it. but now is th… 
this administration needs to stop targeting our hard working &amp; diverse communities, and harming the lives, health a… 
the rule would make it more difficult for many to qualify for a green card. i’m proud to join my colleague… 
the administration’s proposal to implement a harsh new #publiccharge rule on immigrants has now been introduced by… 
proud to announce $k in funding for opioid abuse treatment in #thebronx through . funding will be… 
proud to announce that   has been awarded close to $k in funding from  to help parents attend co… 
met with representatives from j street, in my bronx office.  we discussed our joint support for a two state solutio… 
met with deborah cullen, new executive director of the  and  shirley solomon, director of government an… 
 : #infocusny with  celebrates #hispanicheritagemonth with a look at latinos in the arts. guests , mar…
 : celebrating #hispanicheritagemonth! #infocusny host  talks with , martine sainvil of …
i support delaying a vote on brett kavanaugh until all these serious allegations are thoroughly investigated. there… 
 : the #latinomuseum won’t happen without congressional leadership. enter  and ! 💪🏽💪🏾💪🏿 https://t…
it was a great meeting with a great group of dedicated advocates for this important issue. thank you for your dedic… 
met w/  to discuss the  business center program which helps minority businesses start &amp; thrive. as ra… 
hispanics have been here for  years and made significant contributions in every area throughout u.s. history. wh… 
one year later, there is significant work to still to be completed- from home repair to debris removal to electrica… 
today i introduced the #compromiso act, w/    . this legisla… 
read my op-ed on  on this issue:  #puertoricomaria+ #standwithpuertorico
a year later-#puertorico is still recovering from destruction caused by #hurricanemaria. we must continue fighting… 
this morning i will join   and other elected officials and members of the community as we ob… 
it has been exactly one year since #hurricanemaria made landfall in #puertorico &amp; the island still faces many chall… 
wishing all those in observance an easy and meaningful fast. 
more than  months since congress passed emergency aid,  has not disbursed nearly % of it. this is unacce… 
led a letter w/     to  once again to check the stat… 
 : in light of  report, , + i continue to urge our colleagues to support the establishmen…
 thank you  for your kind words. great memories from the smith graduations. hope all is well. my best wishes.
many of these issues are still affecting the island. to make things worse, he visited puerto rico briefly only to m… 
-many people/homes, hospitals &amp; businesses spent months w/o electricity, water, &amp;/or access to health care/medical… 
-trump hesitated &amp; was slow to get more personnel &amp; equipment to puerto rico- despite scale of disaster  - was… 
, americans died in #puertorico after #hurricanemaria, a fact confirmed by independent studies. only… 
today is #electionday in new york- it is your chance to make your voice heard! please take the time to vote if you… 
 : gracias  for your continued leadership and fighting like hell to ensure our community is counted in the ce…
when you think you’ve heard all possible lies from the white house here comes possibly the biggest of them all. an… 
excited to be speaking at ’s the importance of the  census panel today, part of #hhm. the #census is n… 
it's been  years since the tragic events of #septemberth. we still mourn &amp; honor those we lost that day… 
happy new year to all those celebrating #roshhashanah⁠ ⁠ this evening in #nyc and around the world.  shana tova! 
firearms denials. this patchwork system hinders law enforcement agencies’ capacity to do their work effectively.… 
, states &amp; us attorneys to prevent dangerous individuals from purchasing guns.   last year, out of more than… 
according to new  report commissioned by  #cjs subcommittee, our system for investigating &amp; prose… 
led a letter w/     to #approps to extend  cost share… 
proud to announce that  will receive over $k in  funding to carry out vital ocean systems rese… 
met with carlos r. mercader, executive director -puerto rico federal affairs administration - omar marrero, executi… 
#kavanaugh refused to answer whether the president has the right to pardon himself.his previous decisions have harm… 
as we celebrate this labor day, let us stay committed to support our country’s workforce and the labor unions that… 
proud to announce that  will receive $ million in  funding to help low-income &amp; minority students e… 
proud to announces that  &amp;  will receive nearly $ million in  funding to help stem stude… 
where does your state rank in the best states to work in america index? in all states, workers need a raise: every… 
joined   calling on  to reject proposal allowing school funding to arm teachers. the… 
the legacy that  leaves is one of courage, independence and love for our country. he took on his own… 
honored to join my colleagues   &amp;  in sponsoring #concoursevillage famil… 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
as a senior appropriator i have always advocated for full #snap funding. i know how important this program is for m… 
aretha franklin, the queen of soul, has passed. her music and her civil rights work will live on. an american icon.… 
last year, the  voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now… 
right here in ny, ,, people have pre-existing conditions and are at risk of losing their health insurance if… 
led letter to  &amp;  w/  of my colleagues asking for info on federal govt's response to growing threat of… 
proud to announce the first round of  awards under new program to provide #hsi schools with funding for #stem e… 
at the  #nationalnightout event. with ,   … 
visiting and speaking at the  &amp;  #nno event 
attending #nationalnightout events in the th district - ny 
read my comments to the  on the proposal to include a citizenship question in the #census. 
the  is accepting comments from the public on the addition of a citizenship question in the #census… 
 : nyc emergency management and the health department advise new yorkers to beat the heat   more: 
 : cooling centers are open today. visit  or call  to find a location near you. …
feliz aniversario de oro, .  durante mis  años como oficial electo son muchos los recuerdos de entrev… 
calling all middle school &amp; high school students in #thebronx, make sure to sign up &amp; or spread the news! 
proud to announce new $,  grant for  to offer new stem courses. this $$$ will help ensure childr… 
i’m saddened to hear of the passing of ms gerri lamb. gerri was a long time community leader in the #bronx. she was… 
honored to be selected a champion for children in the first focus campaign for children. i will stay committed to l… 
sad to hear about the passing of my friend and former colleague, ron dellums. he was a powerful progressive voice f… 
great meeting with the hon. jose guillermo rodriguez, mayor of my birthplace mayaguez, pr. good discussion about th… 
pleasure meeting with . we discussed the recent legionella outbreaks in #nyc, how congress can help… 
great meeting with you and to hear about your continued commitment to the preparation of our teachers and the educa… 
. is currently not offering #puertorico this much needed assistance. one more amendment to increase disaster r… 
to help displaced individuals in areas hit by hurricanes in , i offered an amendment that sets aside $ milli… 
this amendment also expands those policies to other locations that we think are crucial in providing the services t… 
offered another amendment with  to prevent funds for #ice and #cbp from being used to conduct enforce… 
instead of increasing money for #ice, we should invest in fema so that when a natural disaster hits again, our nati… 
i offered an amendment increasing  funding for more disaster response staff and training. fema has thousands l… 
the stafford act provides assistance for a total of  weeks, but due to the severity of hurricanes irma and maria,… 
my amendment with  extends benefits under the disaster unemployment assistance program in both… 
at homeland security appropriations mark-up hearing today, where i will be offering various amendments to increase… 
the emails make clear that he repeatedly pushed for the inclusion of a citizenship question throughout the consider… 
the revelations in thousands of email made public today about  secretary ross’s role in the inclusion o… 
the #aderholtamendment is a thinly veiled #licensetodiscriminate. the amendment would allow child welfare organizat… 
today, house democrats are unveiling the #aimhigher act – the democratic vision for an accessible, affordable highe… 
in-person immigration hearings are a part of fundamental due process.  my colleague  and i are deman… 
glad to join with my friend and colleague  as  of the founding members of the medicare for all cong… 
as a longtime supporter of the #medicareforall act, i'm proud to be a founding member of the congressional… 
republicans have a duty to #protectourdemocracy – yet they refuse to take any steps to protect our elections from t… 
even though english was the second language i learned, i know the difference between 'would' and 'wouldn't'.
the   continue to shut down any efforts to protect #netneutrality, we will keep fighting to keep… 
 : thank you so much for the kind words, my friend! the feelings are mutual! thank you for such a great event yesterday!…
what  did today in #helsinki is embarrassing &amp; dangerous. he readily believes putin’s lies while un… 
a year after #hurricanemaria hit #puertorico,  confirmed what we’ve known all along: they were completely unpr… 
#keepfamiliestogether 
that needs to end, &amp; this bill is the way forward #keepfamiliestogether #endfamilydetention 
 is a fatally flawed organization that has overstepped its authorities for too long. it has strayed from its… 
proud to be joining my colleagues      … 
the national suicide prevention lifeline () by $ million and $ million for other #suicideprevention… 
suicide rates are rising nationwide &amp; we must do more as a nation to address it. i introduced an amendment in today… 
i will continue to fight to #keepfamilestogether &amp; encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to do more.
policy &amp; to instead encourage small-scale, nurturing facilities. children are being traumatized &amp; neglected by… 
introduced an amendment in today's  full committee markup of the labor, health &amp; human services, educat… 
just submitted an amendment with  &amp;  to  that would restore #netneutrality. cal… 
the dept. of health and human services () oversees the children separated from their parents-  w… 
tune in now to 's full committee markup of the fy labor, hhs, education appropriations bill. i am o… 
thanks to  for bringing together community activists, youth, nypd, elected officials and others to disc… 
i would like to also thank the  for their collaboration w/ the community to find and bring to justice the… 
on commerce, justice &amp; science i will continue to fight for adequate funding for violence reduction, mentoring &amp; co… 
joined , , students, law enforcement officials &amp; community leaders &amp; members this morning… 
private mensah was an african immigrant &amp; #bronxite who will always be remembered as a true #americanhero. let’s… 
happy fourth of july to all!!! 
these problems have only gotten worse under the active encouragement of the trump administration. this is why i’m j… 
like the rest of our current immigration system, ice is broken. for years, it has engaged in questionable behavior… 
deseándole al pueblo mexicano paz y prosperidad y todo lo mejor con la eleccion de su nuevo presidente… 
as a long time supporter of clean energy initiatives i am proud to sponsor the #offfossilfuels act &amp; look forward t… 
one in five public school teachers have second jobs during the school year. we should be doing more to help them –… 
#janus ignores  years of legal precedent in order to undermine the ability of teachers, police officers, firefigh… 
's have prevented an important debate on this issue by not making my amendment in order. #keepfamiliestogether
for less than  months work- total waste of money.  lawyers are not trained in immigration law or asy… 
the  didn’t allow me to offer my amendment to the fy defense appropriations bill to prevent the… 
the serrano report, for this week, with information about my work in the bronx &amp; in the congress is available onlin… 
today on lgbt equality day we celebrate the progress that our nation has made towards creating a more fair, just &amp;… 
as a longtime supporter of #netneutrality i find it ridiculous that we can’t agree on the benefits of a free and op… 
allowing for discrimination and hatred to become official government policy is deeply wrong #nomuslimbanever… 
upholding 's discriminatory #travelban is a major mistake by #scotus. this #supremecourt decision u… 
the community working together with law enforcement has brought about an important first step in this continuing in… 
we all mourn the senseless loss of this young man. as a community we can come together to help the police capture h… 
today, i met with dr. walter g. copan, under secretary of commerce for standards and technology and nist director.… 
today i met with . in addition to being a great actor,he is also an activist on national and internat… 
i co-sponsored the #keepfamiliestogether act &amp; spoke against family separations today. watch my remarks here: 
.‘s  executive order to stop family separations would still keep families (parents with their child… 
i continue to speak out against the policy of separating children from their parents. today i spoke at a markup of… 
joined  ranking member  as well  &amp;  to demand the… 
the practice of punishing parents who are trying to save their children’s lives, and punishing children for being b… 
wishing my son  a very happy birthday!!!
 : junto al congresista  anunciamos que el cuerpo de ingenieros incluyó en su plan de trabajo $. millones…
today marks the th anniversary of #daca. i will continue to stand with #dreamers until we find a solution to fix t… 
i reject trump’s heartless decision to bar asylum to the most vulnerable victims of domestic and gang violence. i b… 
now offering an amendment  fy financial services full committee markup to undo 's d… 
the american people want &amp; need access to a free &amp; open internet. offering an amendment  the fy financial serv… 
offered an amendment  today's  full committee mark up on the fy defense bill which would prevent… 
two years later, our hearts continue to ache for the  people lost at #pulse nightclub. we will never forget them… 
in the two years since #pulse, we have lost far too many parents, siblings, &amp; friends to gun violence. we must… 
the internet must remain free &amp; open to everyone.
the  chairman appointed by  took away a free &amp; open internet. the senate has voted to… 
americans with pre-existing conditions shouldn’t face discrimination. period. #protectourcare 
proud to announce over $ million for #bronx health centers, including   &amp;  though the… 
 : gracias    for calling for this commission. accountability now! …
numbers have consequences. we need to acknowledge that the federal government’s neglect ended up costing american l… 
joined , , , , ,  representatives &amp; ot… 
when many continued to ask for a strong response to help puerto rico after maria the president did not order a full… 
the tweets by roseanne are just one example of the racism and bigotry that we must continue to fight in our country… 
had the opportunity to speak to senior students from dreamyard preparatory high school who are taking an ap governm… 
today we remember and honor all who have made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country. 
happy dominican mothers day. best wishes on this special day.                                               feliz d… 
farrell was special. a great legislator who respected everyone’s opinion and worked with all. from day one he was a… 
denny farrell and i were part of the  ny assembly freshmen class. we became friends and like other members of t… 
angelo falcon made us aware of so many issues related to the puerto rican diaspora through his writings and analysi… 
 : . offers an amendment to increase funding for the public housing capital fund, which helps communities deve…
 : . opposes the republican spending levels. describes how the allocations reveal the gop's misplaced prioriti…
 : earlier today i had the honor of meeting one of my all-time sports idols - ny knicks basketball legend !…
want to support our children &amp; their education? support their teachers. #abetterdeal 
america’s teachers are underpaid. our school are underfunded. and it all builds up to mean our children are too oft… 
our democracy was given to us by our parents &amp; grandparents. we have a duty to protect it for our children &amp; grandchildren. #abetterdeal
 know the american people deserve a government that works for them, not a government that serves the… 
with our borough president , his wife, mrs. hilda diaz and  at the annual bronx ball. th… 
at the #bronxball celebrating #bronxweek with our borough president  and my colleague  
ramadan mubarak-wishing a blessed and peaceful month to everyone in the muslim community in the #bronx and across t… 
i have been fighting for an inclusive &amp; fair #census since the beginning &amp; will continue to fight to count all… 
proud to lead the introduction of an amendment w/  that would restrict funding for the inclusion of a… 
introducing an amendment to prohibit funding to enforce case quotas on #immigration judges.  should… 
leading democrats at commerce, justice, science approps bill markup this morning.  bill included funding for… 
the serrano report, for this week, with information about my work in the congress and in the bronx is available onl… 
currently at  full committee markup on the energy &amp; water bill, which includes my language in support o… 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t cut #snap. that’s not true – cuts $. billion in benefits to create… 
met with consul general diego gomez pickering from  to discuss topics regarding both our countries… 
the president’s decision to walk away from #irandeal makes it easier for iran to get a bomb &amp; undermines american c… 
the #irandeal is making america &amp; our allies safer – in other words, it’s working. walking away from it now will leave america isolated.
 : it’s time to send a clear message on the #census that #everyonecounts. an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
we all mourn the tragic loss of the  members of the puerto rico air national guard. we honor their service and com… 
congratulations to kaytelyn paige figueroa first place winner of our annual congressional arts competition. her wor… 
some of the young people who participated in our annual congressional arts competition. i presented every participa… 
join us at the  on wednesday may  for our annual congressional arts competition award ceremony. 
with  and diego beekman tenants at rally in support of proposed diego-beekman housing redevelopment pla… 
 : honored to be rep. ’s guest alongside  at the democratic caucus meeting where we are having a dialogu…
at  hearing with  this morning- discussing troubling policies of ag sessions. watch here: 
 : tonight  and  receive nalac congressional arts leadership awards in recognition of their ste…
i’m at the u.s. capitol now. before i left the bronx i voted. there are special elections in many areas of ny state… 
the addition of a citizenship question to the #census will be detrimental to the overall participation of commu…  trump knows he can’t run on his record of stripping health care to pay for tax handouts to the wealthy, so he is do… 
congratulations to  on being awarded a  mayors challenge grant. durham's innovative… 
 : ervin hester was the first african-american anchor on abc, and one of the first in the southeast. he was a pioneer fo…
tragic news out of charlotte today as we mourn the loss of a young student to gun violence. guns have no place in o… 
horrible news out of pittsburgh today.  the epidemic of hate-filled violence in our country must be confronted. the… 
 :  “by announcing his intention to merge the u.s. consulate in jerusalem with the u.s. embassy, president t…
icymi:  residents may now be eligible for fema disaster assistance funds for damage from… 
this is a major step for economic development after years of planning by , , &amp; other… 
on november , i will host my annual veterans briefing at the national guard hq in raleigh. veterans &amp; service memb… 
this decision not only harms us interests in the region, but undermines the legitimate pursuit of a two-state solut… 
words matter. leadership matters. this is the country  has created, and he must condemn such acts o… 
president trump's bigotry and discrimination against the lgbtq community knows no bounds. rather than attacking the… 
when my colleagues &amp; i asked the  why their global report on human rights excludes reproductive rights, t… 
great visit to  today to meet with students in the  program. we discussed what leadership m… 
honored to have received a % score from  on my commitment to protect and advance the rights of lgbtq people.… 
today marks the beginning of the one-stop early voting period in north carolina. between now and november rd, vote… 
a journalist was brutally murdered by a supposed foreign ally recently, but president trump is spending his time in… 
icymi:  residents are now eligible for fema disaster assistance funds for damage from #hurricaneflorence. t… 
 : was your home or business damaged by hurricane florence? governor cooper is encouraging people to apply for fema assistanc…
 : king salman denies it.  vladimir putin denies it.  roy moore denies it.  brett kavanaugh denies it.  in the president’s…
jamal khashoggi's murder at the hands of the saudi government is a reprehensible violation not only of freedom of t… 
if you missed today's voter registration deadline in nc, you can still register and vote on-the-spot during early v… 
i am proud to receive a % rating in the  congressional voting record for the th congress. i lo… 
in april, i led a bipartisan letter with  to president erdogan urging the release of north carolina… 
my washington &amp; raleigh offices are accepting spring internship applications. deadline is friday, november th! mor… 
#latinos are a vital part of the american economy –accounting for $. trillion in spending activity in  &amp; mak… 
 : latest: tornado watch issued for wilmington, nc to raleigh and into norfolk and richmond, va, until  p.m. thursday. …
 : . cooper: we know michael is moving quickly and should clear out of nc sometime tomorrow. let's be on guard an…
as co-chair of the , i'm proud to join leading international organizations in co-hosting the… 
monday (oct.) is the last day to submit your app for the  congressional app challenge. all interested #nc s… 
 : . cooper:  this morning, a state of emergency was declared ahead of michael. restrictions on trucks and heavy…
 : . cooper:  winds in michael will be strong enough to down trees, rip up tarps and create additional damage. th…
 : . cooper:  heavy rain and tropical storm force winds are heading our way. make no mistake. michael is a terrib…
as a member of congress, it's a privilege to be surrounded by a staff of dedicated public servants. i'm proud to an… 
 : these numbers are astonishing - trump has destroyed america's standing in the world, which is the main legacy of nikki haley's…
once again, #toxictrump is choosing polluters’ profits over public health and safety. his #dirtypowerscam is endang… 
under amb. haley, u.s. leadership at the un has been severely diminished, leaving us isolated from allies &amp; unprepa… 
psa: due to technical issues, the phone system in our raleigh office is temporarily out of service. the issue shoul… 
president trump and senate republicans have sent a message to would-be sexual aggressors that their misconduct may… 
brett kavanaugh’s confirmation is a tremendous step backward for an independent judiciary, an impartial confirmatio… 
asked to respond to these claims, judge kavanaugh displayed a remarkable lack of judicial temperament, attacking de… 
kavanaugh’s examination was hampered by the white house’s refusal to release highly relevant records from his polit… 
from the start, we’ve known judge kavanaugh was an extremely partisan judge, handpicked by ideological interest gro… 
 : .'s failure to meet sept. deadline to re-post #lgbt resources is unacceptable. every day this guidance is unavai…
 : for the first time since , the washington post's editorial board is telling senators to vote "no" on a supreme court…
 : retired u.s. supreme court justice john paul stevens, a lifelong republican, told a small crowd in boca raton that judge b…
a  day investigation with less than  interviews isn’t an investigation at all, it’s a sham.   donald trump &amp; rep… 
to benefit the oil &amp; gas lobby, the trump admin wants to undermine worker safety &amp; environmental rules put in place… 
 : in a new letter -- led by    --  representatives call trump's cuts to palestin…
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
to hold a vote without a proper fbi investigation of these claims would be a tremendous disservice to these women,… 
in light of her testimony, and the numerous other credible claims alleged against brett kavanaugh, donald trump sho… 
dr. ford has demonstrated tremendous courage and poise in appearing before the  today. her testimony w… 
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
 : . will hold a news conference to discuss nc recovery efforts in the wake of #hurricaneflorence. watch live at…
the trump admin's decision to allow dark money organizations to obscure millions in campaign money weakens our alre… 
icymi: i spoke on the house floor earlier to thank my colleagues in the nc delegation, , and … 
in light of the numerous credible allegations against brett kavanaugh, donald trump should rescind his nomination i… 
 : this morning i met with members of the north carolina congressional delegation to discuss disaster recovery efforts and feder…
proud to have secured federal funding to help re-open fayetteville street in , which was just named an… 
elections have consequences and the stakes have never been higher. don't take your basic rights for granted. this… 
america’s most successful conservation program, the land and water conservation fund (lwcf), could expire on septem… 
 :  says interstate  has reopened between the triangle and wilmington.  
the american people deserve the full &amp; complete truth about russian interference in the election, without delay or… 
i will continue working with my colleagues and the appropriations committee to secure additional funding to support… 
while it’s clear additional funding will be required to meet the needs of the many communities still reeling from t… 
i’m pleased to work with my colleagues in the north carolina delegation and with  to secure $. billi… 
 : i- is now open through north carolina. motorists should still use caution as hundreds of roads across the state remain closed…
 : . cooper: danger still exists. we are getting our feet under us and setting things right. we will rebuild. yes…
this is good news for our democracy. americans deserve to know who is trying to influence their vote. i will be int… 
republicans held a seat open on the supreme court for more than a year for purely partisan reasons. now, they refus… 
it’s a dangerous combination to slash assistance for troubled nations and then shut the doors to those seeking refu… 
 : the rainfall forecast for the next  days is less than last week, but it does not account for overwash or additional flood…
 : wishing all those observing yom kippur this evening a meaningful fast and reflective holiday. g'mar hatima tova.
this morning i joined  and the  team to discuss ongoing #hurricaneflorence relief and recov… 
 : floodwaters often carry pollutants. if you spot oil spill or chemical releases in floodwaters or any other bodies of water…
 : "i do know that we will bounce back, and that this community will recover. i know the kind of people who live here, and i…
 : [ale] all wcpss schools will be closed on monday, september  due to after effects of this weekend’s storm on facilities. tod…
joining  this afternoon to discuss the latest storm developments and meet with nc residents displaced b… 
 : road conditions across most of nc are rapidly deteriorating, and flooding remains a concern for the next several days https://t.…
 : looking for a shelter? visit the hurricane florence information page to search through the interactive map to see where th…
 : am #florencenc update: the threat of heavy rain &amp; extreme flash flooding, along with major river flooding, will continue a…
 : new evacuation orders are in place. go to  to see if you are in an area with a mandatory or volunte…
 : road conditions across most of nc are rapidly deteriorating. flash flooding remains a concern today and into early next week. be…
 : ⚠️ as rivers and creeks continue rising across our state due to #florencenc, read over these lifesaving tips about flash floodin…
 : . cooper: don't go out, especially in se nc. you may put yourself at risk or impede rescue efforts. use common…
 : governor cooper's morning briefing on #hurricaneflorence will be at :am. watch live at  https:/…
 :  statewide power outage total at : am is , with the highest concentration in new hanover, brunswick,…
horrible news out of wilmington, nc. thank you to our first responders and emergency response teams on the ground.… 
 : use these resources to get help or more info. for emergencies, call . to receive info on shelters, evacuations &amp; storm…
 : we're opening our + #wifi hotspots to help those in affected areas receive emergency information and stay in contact wi…
 : be ready for a power outage:  ❄️turn your fridge to the coldest setting. ⚡️charge mobile phones and other electric equipment…
 : heavy winds and rain mean power outages. are you prepared? be sure to follow these steps to ensure maximum safety of fo…
 : #florencenc safety tips: - stay indoors. do not venture out during the storm. - do not drive or walk through stagnant or m…
 : they created an app to help people stranded by #hurricaneharvey connect with rescuers. it's being used again for #hurricanef…
 : . cooper: as the storm hits, remember to call , but only in the case of emergency. call  if you need non…
 : don’t forget, you can report &amp; view your outage at . you only need to report your outage once. we ap…
 : storm surge will be a huge factor for hurricane #florence  check out what it might look like with : htt…
 : retweet this: shelters are continuing to open across north carolina. an updated list of shelters can be found here: https:…
the  lifeline program helped  million americans last year alone. affordable wireless service, especially for… 
 : very important and similar to the  work of chairman  and , especially the l…
 : statewide power outage total is currently ,, mainly in carteret and craven counties. keep up with power outages at ht…
 : hemos creado una página de control de rumores sobre el huracán #florence, que estamos actualizando periódicamente. durante…
 : need assistance? text "florence" to  for assistance. you can also call -- to speak to a specialist. #florencenc #…
 : wake county is opening additional #hurricaneflorence shelters. heritage high school opened at  p.m. middle creek high school…
 : for our spanish speaking viewers, please share on your page. the latest on hurricane florence and emergency preparations. https:…
while millions of americans hunker down for a catastrophic storm, you continue to lie and deceive them about your f… 
 : retweet!  emergency shelters at knightdale high school, south east raleigh high school and garner magnet high…
 : parking decks open during storm  we're opening  parking decks for free parking during #hurricaneflorence for those nervous…
 : video here ---&gt; 
 : . on transferring funds: i have concerns about the obsession of this admin. with transferring money to i.…
this morning i joined  to discuss ongoing preparations for #hurricaneflorerence. visit… 
this morning, i will be joining 's  at : am to discuss the latest in preparation for… 
 : retweet this: here is a list of shelters opening to take in people displaced by evacuations: 
north carolinians should take all necessary precautions &amp; monitor emergency alerts for #hurricaneflorence diligentl… 
as #hurricaneflorence bears down on the nc coast, i will be remaining in the state to monitor the federal response… 
 : . and i spoke to   yesterday about the subpoena situation in nc- check it out here: …
 : mandatory nc evacuations for #florencenc counties - beaufort, dare, pamlico, tyrrell  beaches - atlantic, indian, emerald…
today, we take time as a nation to remember and honor the many lives lost in the attacks on #septemberth. let us… 
 : latest #florencenc update:  - florence has rapidly strengthened throughout the day &amp; is expected to continue building over…
suicide is the th leading cause of death in the united states, where we have experienced a % increase in rates… 
hurricane florence is rapidly intensifying &amp; projected to cause catastrophic damage along the east coast. north car… 
as i told the , the trump administration’s hostility towards the epa and it’s work is creating a “br… 
 : . cooper: all of nc needs to be alert and ready; not just a coastal event; flooding, landslides can occur inla…
 : #florencenc update:  - florence will continue to strengthen over next  hrs - increasing risk of storm surge at coast &amp; i…
 : governor cooper receiving a briefing on #hurricaneflorence. he will give a live update on storm preparations at  a.m. he…
l’shana tovah to all those celebrating the start of the high holy days. sending warm wishes of peace, love, and hap… 
great turnout  in p for my annual congressional app challenge student hackathon with ! if… 
i'm proud to join the n.c. democratic delegation as well as ranking democrats from , ,… 
 : new:  , , , ,  &amp;  will se…
ice/doj's massive request of nc voter data seems clearly designed to disenfranchise and intimidate voters, and to d… 
 : calling all dps middle &amp; high school students! grab your friends, team up, and plan a creative app idea! register for…
i'm extremely disappointed that my gop colleagues are siding with breitbart and laura ingraham over the victims of… 
this is a transparent attempt to intimidate voters and disrupt the administration of an election with major state a… 
 : why are senate republicans so eager to rush through president trump’s scotus nominee without meeting the basic requireme…
for six years and three election cycles, north carolinians have been deprived of their constitutional right to fair… 
the  electric fleet underscores north carolina’s forward-thinking commitment to sustainable transit grow… 
 :  bipartisan delegation leads  and  talking on local television about soli…
as a co-chair of the congressional moldova caucus, i'm pleased to wish all moldovans a happy moldovan independence… 
 : . was a leader &amp; public servant of deep patriotism, outstanding bravery &amp; undaunted spirit. throughout his c…
it's here! this year's congressional app challenge hackathon is september th at fidelity in p. come out to meet… 
 : arming teachers is not the answer to school shootings, and it is outrageous that  would even consider using t…
want to end the #cultureofcorruption in the white house? my we the people act would, among other provisions, requir… 
 : judge kavanaugh’s refusal to say a potus must comply w a duly issued subpoena &amp; mr cohen’s implication of potus in a federa…
the president’s former lawyer pleads guilty to campaign crimes “at the direction of the candidate.” his campaign ch… 
repealing the clean power plan is another example of the trump admin putting the profits of polluters above the hea… 
it should not have taken an act of civil disobedience to remove this monument to hate. we should not condone action… 
 : leaders in congress checked ag sessions' abuse of power and his trampling of asylum.  kudos  …
 : transportation secretary jim trogdon met thursday with  and other nc private, public sector leaders to discuss ho…
pleased to join  and stakeholders from industry, academia, and local government to discuss the challenges and… 
as part of national health center week, i visited three organizations that are doing incredible work to provide qua… 
 : what is ' #forthepeople agenda? ✔lower health care costs &amp; reduce the price of rx drugs ✔raise wages &amp; crea…
never forget: a year ago this week,  refused to condemn a white supremacist march that led to the d… 
 : opinion: the aclu and  show that compassion doesn't weaken borders. 
read more about my latest efforts to reverse the trump administration’s anti-immigrant agenda —&gt; 
this mega merger would have allowed sinclair to reach % of americans with their ideological programming. that’s w… 
first responders of all stripes keep our communities safe and our residents healthy and protected. i’m grateful to… 
it was a pleasure to meet with  in research triangle park this afternoon, where their team is exploring inn… 
while  attacks immigrant communities at every turn,  &amp; gop leadership refuse to put leg… 
i'm incredibly proud to join community leaders in government, business, and education at the ribbon cutting for… 
 : millions of americans wrote the  to comment on its misguided effort to roll back #netneutrality and overwhelmed its o…
. is right: americans from both parties find reforming corruption to be a compelling message. in the trump… 
this is the official twitter page for rep. david price, progressive congressman proudly representing north carolina… 
as a member of the , i am proud to join  next week for her inaugural hbcu #diversityintech summ… 
 years ago today, president lyndon b. johnson signed the social security act of  into law, establishing medic… 
 : in a rebuke of the trump admin, a republican-led house committee passed a measure that would essentially reverse jeff ses…
when breitbart, tucker carlson, and laura ingraham are attacking your work, you know you are making a difference. 
this amendment is a significant step in reversing one of this administration’s most egregious immigration policies.… 
 : one year ago, transgender troops were abandoned by their commander-in-chief via tweet. but despite trump &amp; pence’s hatefu…
phail was a generous and hopeful man, a gifted leader who inspired others to aim high and work cooperatively. durha… 
last weekend, i met with immigrants at our southern border who fled their country after experiencing domestic abuse… 
 : just in: the house appropriations committee adopted ’s amendment to reverse ’ latest crackdown on asy…
 : .'s amendment passes on a voice vote. this amendment will defund the implementation of the matter of ab…
news: my  amendment blocking the trump/sessions policy of denying asylum claims for victims of domestic… 
 : . offers an amendment to ensure that survivors of domestic violence and gang violence are able to claim asy…
 : paul ryan became speaker of the house weeks after fiscal year  ended with a deficit of $ billion.  trump omb defi…
this afternoon i will be introducing three appropriations amendments to dramatically roll back the trump administra… 
proud to join  to unveil the #aimhigher act—sweeping legislation supporting affordable higher ed. t… 
let me get this straight: the  is resorting to a cynical &amp; corrupt power grab to pave the way for an even mor… 
i had a great time celebrating  summer scholars, including an educator from apex middle! as co-chair of the… 
thanks  for hosting me in cary to learn about your latest technologies &amp; discuss the damaging impact of… 
barack obama delivered a nuclear agreement that imposed the most stringent monitoring and verification standards ev… 
as i leave texas to head back to north carolina, i wanted to share some thoughts on what i saw at our nation’s sout… 
i'm in texas today &amp; tomorrow for an oversight tour of our southern border and an immigrant detention center. condu… 
 : . gave an overview of voter suppression, gerrymandering, &amp; big money in politics. these are non-partisan issu…
 : “let’s get one thing straight: russia attacked our democratic process in . they attacked it massively, and they will att…
 : “the right of people to cast a ballot in nc is under attack. our state is ground zero for voter suppression. restrictive vot…
we're live at our democracy reform town hall! i'm joined by community leaders &amp; democracy advocates to discuss the… 
 : tonight,  is hosting a community forum to discuss the better deal for our democracy. stay tuned for a live li…
the successful confirmation of brett kavanaugh poses an enormous threat to a woman's right to make personal decisio… 
 : after a speech where rep. steny hoyer () called for rising “above pandering to party and putin to act on behalf of…
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
not only did donald trump fail to confront a dictator who attacked our country, he is entertaining the idea of turn… 
kim jong un. erdogan. duterte. el-sisi. donald trump's preference for strongmen and dictators is deeply troubling.… 
tomorrow at broughton high school: join me, community leaders, and democracy advocates for a town hall to discuss t… 
if you "accept our intelligence community's conclusion that russia's meddling in the  election took place" as y… 
 : a vote to confirm brett kavanaugh is a vote to deny millions of american women the pre-existing condition protections they…
president trump can walk back one word, but he can't walk back an entire day of cozying up to putin while publicly… 
what can republicans do today?   →subpoena the president's tax returns  →defend &amp; protect the special counsel inves… 
i'm pleased many of my colleagues on the right have condemned president trump's pathetic capitulation in helsinki.…  president trump has unleashed a wave of hate speech. by disrespecting so many, he has made it acceptable to denigra… 
horrific news out of pittsburgh today regarding yet another mass shooting. my heart goes out to the families of tho… 
this is outrageous.  #tradeaid should solely be for american family farmers that are struggling, not be used t… 
"...the republican party has consistently used every lever of power at its disposal to weaken, roll back, or outrig… 
hhs miscounted the number of children officials separated from their families, reporting a lower number. and a new… 
very disturbing. these threats of violence against democratic leaders and others cannot be condoned. grateful for t… 
if need help applying for disaster loan assistance following the may tornado, please visit the  location in… 
the work to protect workers' rights did not end with flsa though. that is why i have been fighting along with all… 
the fair labor standards act (flsa) turns  today. it created the federal right to a minimum wage, overtime, and b… 
i called for orr director scott lloyd to be fired back in march. i'm still waiting. #firescottlloyd 
 : social security is not an “entitlement”. it's time we correct this misnomer. social security is the insurance that you h…
over the past two years, i helped secure nearly $. billion in increased funding for the child care development bl… 
families are struggling every day with the rising cost of child care. congress must continue address this problem b… 
new repo:  found that growth in our nation's trade deficit with china from - cost . mill… 
that is why i introduced the know your home act earlier this year, so that people can easily find out if the apartm… 
here in ct, hundreds of thousands of homes have lead paint and old pipes, and our children are being poisoned. that… 
this week is national lead poisoning prevention week, and it could not come at a more important time. lead poisonin… 
i had minor outpatient surgery to treat kidney stones yesterday at . the doctors and nurses were world-class,… 
this proposal shamefully erases transgender people from civil rights protections and rolls back enforcement of non-… 
don’t let trump’s lies fool you: he and republicans have been trying to repeal protections for those with pre-exist… 
we should not be spending a dime on indefinitely detaining children, but president trump wants to spend billions. w… 
great to work with  to stand up for workers and continue the fight to stop the outsourcing of good-paying… 
more lies. the affordable care act protects people with pre-existing conditions. you want to repeal it, and republi… 
 : a life-saving drug is % ineffective when it is unaffordable. drug companies are making record profits and receiving g…
i am proud to receive a perfect  score on the #hrcscorecard for protecting and advancing the rights of lgbtq peo… 
dedicated public servants like our service members, teachers &amp; first responders deserve the student loan forgivenes… 
after passing trillions in tax cuts for the wealthiest americans &amp; corporations, the gop is taking aim at social se… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
 : i wrote a letter w/ urging  &amp;  to brief congressmembers on the prolonged detention of u…
more than  moms in the u.s. die each year from complications due to pregnancy and child-birth—the worst in the d… 
congratulations to  economics professor william nordhaus on winning the nobel prize for his magnificent work o… 
honored to be a grand marshal in this year’s greater new haven columbus day parade! 
congratulations to the students of ferrara elementary school who raised $ during their weeklong madd walk!! you… 
all workers deserve #paidleave that allows them to take care of themselves, their child or a seriously ill loved wi… 
this rule delay from  is a big win for students who have been preyed upon by for-profit colleges. 
 : thanks to  and others and your advocacy, #congress passed a $ million increase in funding for senior nutr…
today’s report from investigators at  show that president trump’s zero-tolerance policy is child abuse, plai… 
history is repeating itself before our eyes. women like christine blasey ford—just like anita hill back in —are… 
 : these congresswomen protested clarence thomas. here's what they're doing about kavanaugh. 
for decades, nafta has driven down workers’ wages and shipped good-paying jobs overseas. over the coming weeks it w… 
i still believe that the american people deserve more than a dismissal of allegations, be they from professor hill… 
when i urged the senate to take anita hill's allegations seriously my republican colleagues attempted to censure me… 
nearly  years ago to the day, i gave this exact speech urging the senate to take anita hill's allegations against… 
this is a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the united states, and its nominees should be beyond reproac… 
president trump and his allies have not taken the women who have accused judge kavanaugh of sexual misconduct serio… 
native women have to work almost  months to earn as much as a white man did in . we must #demandmore and act to… 
 : happening now!  delivering a letter to  calling to #postponethevote on kavanaugh until there is a…
proud to stand with so many  women to deliver this statement to senator mcconnell. #believewomen… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
this year marks  years since the hyde amendment was first passed. i remain committed to repeal coverage bans that… 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our voice and our rights. today, on… 
go get your flu shot today! 
i #believesurvivors. period. that is why we must #stopkavanaugh.
 : new haven congressman  speaking on the environmental and economic importance of long island sound restoration…
icymi:  is hosting a manufacturing career fair this saturday from am-am at toyota presents oakdale… 
congress must enact the #familyact as a national standard for #paidleave. having a child or taking care of a seriou… 
just in: the trump administration has diverted nearly half a billion dollars from vital health initiatives to keep… 
 : nearly , ct jobs at risk 
congress and the administration have a moral obligation and responsibility to those still trying to recover, and we… 
while puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands have made progress in the year since hurricane maria, it remains that… 
. only furthers the storm victims heartbreak by refusing to acknowledge the damage, pain and, death… 
with nearly , confirmed american fatalities, hurricane maria will be remembered as one of the most destructive… 
icymi:  #ctdot, in coordination with , will provide free transportation from locations throughout the sta… 
have a blessed yom kippur! 
 : thank you congresswoman  for rolling up your sleeves with our  crew in middletown, ct to build t…
congress must take immediate action to make college more affordable for all americans, especially students in conne… 
every young person in america should have the opportunity to get a good education without getting trapped into a li… 
 out of  households in the us are “food insecure” ... in layman words - they are hungry. thank you to the walling… 
joining my good friend durham first selectwoman laura francis bagging groceries at the wallingford shoprite in supp… 
many thanks to all do the folks rounding up their grocery total at the wallingford shoprite to support local food b… 
thrilled to join the wallingford shoprite for #helpbaghungerday 
until there is a thorough investigation  must #postponethevote on brett #kavanaugh. the american peopl… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate did not listen. let’s not make the same mistake again – the senate must… 
thank you,  for cosponsoring the #familyact! together we can create a comprehensive #paidleave program… 
many thanks to the members of the branford fire department for all of their good work! 
congrats to the branford fire department who have received a $.m safer grant to hire  more firefighters. 
a kavanaugh vote without a thorough investigation would be an insult to women, sending the message that we do not m… 
medical professionals agree, the detention of migrant children is nothing less than child abuse. since june, … 
by passing the #familyact we can guarantee that workers receive the #paidleave they need to take care of themselves… 
touring  wic clinic and witnessing the life-altering assistance they are able to provide to women,… 
i am honored to work with  and  to bring this important bill to the house. 
the wic act extends the eligibility for children to participate in the special supplemental nutrition program for w… 
at  to reintroduce the wise investment in children (wic) act. it is our moral responsibility to chi… 
proud to have joined  to talk about how workers and families benefit when they are provided equal pay… 
 : today, , ,  &amp; i led   in demanding ag jeff sessions reverse his de…
house democrats agree! drug companies should have to include prices in their tv ads. it’s house *republicans* that… 
lies, lies, lies. thousands died due to your administration’s woefully inadequate response. meanwhile, you are raid… 
just in: the census bureau now estimates more than  million americans are living in poverty, and the #paygap for… 
the prolonged trauma the trump administration is putting these children through is unacceptable. ’s job is t… 
 : u.s. rep. rosa delauro is debuting the th year of her first grade literacy program “rosa’s readers” in #nhv …
congratulations to , the new president of . looking forward to working with you and continuing to p… 
big news from . this $ million contract modification is a testament to the highly skilled, hardo… 
the #goptaxscam raised health care costs, stagnated wages, laid off thousands of workers, grown our national debt,… 
kicking off this years’s rosa’s readers challenge at clinton avenue school w/ landlubber lou!  
as we mark the th anniversary of the tragic events of /, we once again stand together to remember those we los… 
shana tova! 
 : republicans should be ashamed of their efforts to destroy critical pre-existing condition protections that keep insura…
yesterday’s proposal from the trump administration to hold children in facilities deemed unsuitable by federal cour… 
 : we agree that america’s workers need paid parental and personal medical leave and bipartisan interest is encouraging, but any rea…
don’t be fooled by , social security &amp; medicare are at greater risk because of the #goptaxscam. we… 
just in:  million americans could lose food stamp benefits if the republican farm bill becomes law. that is cruel.… 
today’s proposal from the trump administration extends the family separation crisis. this new rule would put childr… 
with hurricane season upon us make sure you’re prepared. check out ’s emergency preparedness guide here:… 
republicans are doubling down on their assault on americans healthcare today—trying to strike down the affordable c… 
if trump gets his way on the supreme court &amp; brett kavanaugh is confirmed as a justice, being a woman will be consi… 
 : new:  , , ,  &amp;  will serve on the conferenc…
this #laborday, let us once again empower workers' rights to organize and bargain collectively. it is the best way… 
arming teachers is not the answer to school shootings—especially not when the funding being used is meant for menta… 
i appreciate ustr lighthizer’s good faith negotiations with stakeholders, i hope that they continue, and i look for… 
for decades, nafta has driven down workers’ wages and shipped good-paying jobs overseas. that needs to change, and… 
cutting social security benefits to pay for #paidleave is the wrong path. people should not have to choose between… 
proud to lead this letter w/  and   to farm bill conferees on the importance of s… 
 : “it’s not the dollars and cents, which yes, are critically important, but it is the service we are providing to people…
 : you shouldn’t have to choose between caring for a loved one or paying the bills, but unfortunately, it’s a choice too ma…
 : i joined pres. broadie and  to talk with rep.  and  about public utility degrees at …
workers benefit when they are provided paid sick days and paid parental leave. it is time for congress to pass the… 
connecticut is one of the top  best states to work in. find out more in the latest report from : 
thank you  for continuing to take the lead on paid leave. let’s make this a reality for all american work… 
still, there is more work to be done—including conducting rigorous oversight and holding hearings should the democr… 
#ourfellowamericans in puerto rico deserve that same level of commitment from the congress. that's why i have fough… 
this is mind-boggling. nearly , of our fellow americans lost their lives—about  times as many as previously r… 
meals on wheels is a lifeline for seniors. but it's about more than just a warm meal—it's about making sure seniors… 
it is unacceptable that the official numbers were so far off for so long. these are people’s lives—daughters and so… 
fyi: in these extreme heat conditions if you need to escape the heat for your safety you can find a local cooling c… 
riding along with meals on wheels today to highlight how important this program for seniors across ct. the need for… 
shameful that the trump administration would rather line the pockets of debt collectors, loan servicers and for-pro… 
sad to see people who want to do good work on behalf of students and borrowers leaving because of the trump adminis… 
i look forward to reviewing the text of this bilateral agreement and will continue to push the administration to ac… 
any new nafta must raise wages for american workers, get rid of the current agreement’s outsourcing incentives, and… 
too many working people have not seen a pay increase in years and struggle to find good-paying jobs because nafta h… 
senator john mccain dedicated his life to this nation through his decades of service in the military and congress.… 
 years ago today, women were granted the right to vote. today, we not only recognize the enormous achievements wo… 
senator john mccain dedicated his life to this nation. he was a patriot, exemplifying the values of public service.… 
big win as the court pushes back on the trump administration’s attack on workers’ rights. 
my full statement with . 
arming teachers is not the answer to school shootings, and it is outrageous that secretary devos would even conside… 
salma sikander and her family are all smiles this morning! so glad to have had a role in keeping this family togeth… 
breaking: salma sikandar's stay of removal has been granted by ice. i welcome this news and will continue working w… 
 : it is unacceptable that school children are still being exposed to toxic levels of lead in their drinking water. my collea…
great visit to advanced manufacturer  prime technology today in north branford. keep up the good work! #ct 
president trump's cover-up of michael cohen's payments could very well have legal implications. the american people… 
today, 's former personal attorney, michael cohen, plead guilty to paying hush money to two women w… 
(/) from hiding foreign bank accounts to bank fraud and tax fraud, manafort blatantly flouted our nation’s laws w… 
(/) former trump campaign chairman paul manafort’s guilty verdict is yet more evidence of the culture of corrupti… 
programs like social security and medicare have ensured that america’s seniors can retire with dignity, yet they ar… 
the trump administration’s plan to dismantle the clean power plan will hurt people’s health and lead to increased p… 
salma sikandar has been a productive member of our community for years. it is beyond cruel that the trump administr… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
 years ago, our government worked to create a social safety net that prioritized lifting families out of poverty.… 
people with pre-existing conditions deserve good healthcare coverage, and president trump's expansion of junk plans… 
thank you to all of the first responders for your quick action to save lives. 
just in: more than % of americans support comprehensive, national paid family and medical leave program for all w… 
we must not be fooled by the false choice between #paidleave and social security. americans should not have to choo… 
with social security’s enactment  years ago today, our government made the promise that no one who works hard all… 
august is national immunization awareness month. vaccines not only protect yourself, but also the health of the com… 
we need to take seriously any evidence that common pesticides could be toxic to human health. congress should not i… 
this verdict should serve as a reminder that congress must reject 's monsanto rider in this year's health… 
. is once again putting the interests of for-profit schools, lobbyists, and predatory industry pals ah… 
the tragedies suffered by our fellow americans in the wake of hurricane maria is outrageous. many of these deaths w… 
 : with over % of the vote in, right to work has been soundly defeated in missouri. today, missourians have shown when they stic…
today is #blackwomensequalpay day — the day that the average black woman’s pay finally catches up to what the avera… 
“too many issues like women’s health, domestic violence, equal pay and paid family leave were once on the fringe. w… 
home care workers provide support for older americans and people with disabilities that enable them to remain in th… 
.’s paid leave legislation would break the promise of social security, which provides millions of americ… 
. is undermining all our health. this rule will rollback years of efforts to fight #climatechange a… 
this practice is just wrong. that is why my new bill would ensure that borrowers get complete and accurate informat… 
some consultants have falsely told borrowers that they would lose benefits like nutrition assistance or supplementa… 
many student loan borrowers have been misled about their loan repayment options by higher education institutions and their consultants.
 : "matt pioneered the first student loan bill of rights. i’m proud to stand with him and his work in defending students. matt…
workers should not have to permanently cut their social security retirement benefits in order to get #paidleave and… 
 : happening now: rep  pushing student loan protections at  
i agree with : we must end family separation, and do everything that we can to stop the trauma and ch… 
hunger doesn't take a vacation. that is what makes the summer meals program so important to kids across ct and our… 
 : many thanks to congresswoman  for joining the #summerfoodrocks tour today in waterbury and new haven! retwee…
final stop of today’s summer food rocks tour at the lincoln bassett supper site! new haven public schools leading… 
 years ago today, our nation made a promise that neither the poor nor the elderly will have to go without health… 
 :  and ct’s  are taking a quick break to facetime with each other and share stories from their tour…
st stop of the summer food rocks tour with end hunger ct! duggan school in waterbury - making sure their kids succ… 
looking forward to highlighting summer meals programs today in waterbury and new haven. 
congratulations to daniela, patricio, and all of this year’s artspace summer apprenticeship program grads! 
 : thank you to congresswoman  for visiting smilow cancer hospital to speak with staff and tour our transplant unit. htt…
 : congress should force trump to fix child separation outrage | by rosa delauro via   https://t.co…
 : .: we must ensure the trump administration promptly reunites every family that it has separated -- and pays a p…
thousands of children are still separated from their families, despite the court-ordered deadline for the trump adm… 
we cannot let this administration roll back access to affordable health care. that’s why i’m joining … 
every year close to  women in the u.s. die from preventable pregnancy-related causes. we must do better. we can… 
.⁦⁩ must fight to deliver a nafta deal that works for working people. 
great to meet with you both. keep fighting! 
make no mistake: the deceptively named “workflex” bill would undermine #paidsickdays millions of people. congress n… 
the trump-pence administration has no right to tell doctors and patients what their healthcare choices are. #nogagr… 
happening now: we must prevent the trump-pence administration from withholding information on women's health care!   
#nogagrule. not now, not ever. 
great way to celebrate a milestone birthday—congrats ! 
news: new data out of  shows the urgent need to pass the healthy families act so all workers can earn… 
brett kavanaugh’s nomination threatens women’s right to safe, legal abortion. that is why i am committed to ensurin… 
. &amp;  at it again: saying one thing but doing the opposite on russia. #complicit 
farnam courts meant so much to me and my family. so pleased that the  community will have access to… 
women’s rights are at stake now—our health, our economic security—and our voices must be heard. #ourrightsourvote 
today, ⁦⁩ megan, advocated for her #strongerthancancer platform. thank you for sharing your important… 
be sure to follow these tips to protect yourself from mosquito bites &amp; associated diseases like west nile.  republicans claim to support seniors. they claim to support veterans. they claim to support small businesses and fa… 
mcconnell, if you think you're going to get away with taking from seniors after you have given to the rich, you hav… 
repubs claim to be fiscal conservatives, but their tax scam will add $.t to the natl. debt, &amp; now they want to pa… 
 : .: #socialsecurity, #medicare... mcconnell is already talking about cutting these programs that are so impor…
 : rep. maxine waters presents -year-old wwii veteran with long-overdue awards during high school football game in westmont https:…
so-called ed sec devos should have been rejected by the senate after it was revealed that she made millions by inve… 
it should shock no one that #conmandon is aligned with for-profit colleges that rip-off students. his own fraudulen… 
trump &amp; betsy devos, you’d better get used to losing. this court ruling is only the beginning. we’ve been fighting… 
judge orders protections for defrauded students to go into effect  
trump &amp; betsy devos tried to enrich their for-profit college industry friends by blocking the #borrowerdefense rule… 
 : watch: maxine waters calls trump the "poster boy for what a mob protester looks like"  …
 : rep. maxine waters (d-ca) went off and exposed trump as leading the mob that is trying to silence the non-violent protest…
 : rep. maxine waters responds to the sentiment that protests by democrats are like "angry mobs"  
fact check: is rep. maxine waters facing ethics violations charges? no.  via 
please read my statement regarding the capitol police arrest of a suspect charged with doxing u.s. senators: 
enjoyed the behavioral health services community fair in gardena! bhs is saving lives. proud to be their champion i… 
rosenstein don't quit, don't retire, don't resign. if trump wants you out, make him fire you. and if he does he wil… 
we all know where mark judge is. we all believe dr. ford. he was in the room. he better not lie to the fbi!
fbi, one week can unveil a lot of information. go do your thing. bring back the truth. dr. ford will be vindicated!
ok mcconnell, keep on guaranteeing kavanaugh's confirmation. women have not had their say yet! each day brings about new possibilities.
kavanaugh, so many have come forward describing your abuse of alcohol. i think it is important that the american pe… 
hurray for the courageous women who confronted sen. flake! they are without a doubt the reason sen. flake joined de… 
trump cannot vouch for anybody's honesty, integrity, or respect for women. trump only chose kavanaugh based on his… 
kavanaugh has proven that he is a puppet of donald trump. he got his marching orders and he promptly displayed trum… 
we believe you, dr. ford. good lord! women are outraged by the thought of you being smothered, having a man's hand… 
please read my statement on false allegations regarding the leak of the personal information of u.s. senators: 
 : president trump often calls her "the leader of the democrat [sic] party."   on , i asked  how she sees…
 : . on why she believes #trump "is a liar, is a con man, is deceitful" -- and she is not afraid of him #amjoy…
 : "this is just the tip of the iceberg."  — rep. waters talks to chris hayes after the manafort's guilty verdicts and cohen's guil…
i will always remember the critical moment when john mccain strode into the u.s. senate and, with all eyes focused… 
a true american patriot &amp; hero has passed.  john mccain was an example of a public policy maker who fought for what… 
manafort &amp; cohen both lied about their finances &amp; cheated the irs. can you imagine what #donthecon must be hiding i… 
the avg. american struggles to pay his/her taxes but trump's allies can get by for years cheating the irs, defraudi… 
the high crimes are giving aid and classified information to our enemies (russia), abusing the pardon, breaking cam… 
cohen admitted trump instructed him to break the law. if it's a crime for cohen, it's a crime for trump.  debates a… 
cohen said he would take a bullet for trump. i guess he never said anything about jail time!
recently, my friend aretha sent me beautiful flowers with the message “just because.”  that’s the kind and generous… 
one of the greatest voices of all time has been silenced. my dear friend aretha franklin has passed. even though he… 
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you
 thank you!
  thank you!
 thank you!!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you
 thank you
 thank you!
i sincerely appreciate the well wishes on my birthday! i'm blessed to be surrounded by my family and friends today,… 
 thank you
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
  thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you for thinking of me!
 thank you!!
 thank you!
 thank you
 thank you for thinking of me!
  thank you!
. was so gracious to greet me &amp; a group of prominent pastors during their visit to the hill last year… 
can you believe federal savings bank's ceo forced through a $ million loan for paul "money laundering" manafort a… 
don't believe for a second that giuliani &amp; trump are honestly negotiating an interview w/ mueller. trump's lawyers… 
let's not allow #conmandon to divert our attention from the outrageous consequences of his zero tolerance policy. r… 
trump thinks he can distract us w/ his unhinged rants, meltdowns, and name calling at his rallies. not me. i'm focu… 
 : watch  with me earlier on . auntie maxine didn't hold back!   ‘moment of maxine’: rep. maxine wate…
i enjoyed meeting with families from my district at the training &amp; research foundation’s annual community resource… 
yesterday, we lost an icon -- my dear friend and former colleague, ron dellums. ron dellums was an unabashed, progr… 
 : legislation from  is taking aim at how betsy devos is handling civil rights issues. …
 : “american citizens are not going to pay for this wall, he’s not going to shut down the government, and we’re not going to be int…
i think trump is putin's apprentice  via 
 : .: [republicans] have no guts. they have no courage. they're not standing up for america. i dare them to tal…
 : .: i think #trump is putin's apprentice. he's been [allegedly] under his tutelage for a long time now. he in…
please read my statement regarding the protests at my district office last thursday. 
please read my statement on the oath keepers' planned protest at my district office tomorrow. 
rep. maxine waters: ‘this president is out of control’  via 
great visit ! fantastic food ordering platform and app developer. great niche that employs many millennials… 
trump, you're wasting time. the fed. judge ordered you to return the children to their parents. how dare you say mo… 
happy th of july! peace, justice, and equality for all, and that includes the children who have been separated fro… 
 : rep. : let #trump call me whatever he wants to call me. let him say whatever he wants to say. he will not stop…
 : maxine waters just ended the civility debate once and for all 
 : president trump falsely claims california rep. maxine waters urged people to "assault" his supporters …
 : rep. maxine waters says if you "want to talk about civility," you should start with pres. trump.  "i think every reasonabl…
 : maxine waters read a list of times that trump has called for violence to . 
 : "they don't really say i'm out of line. what they try to do is find away to talk about civility without attacking me or anybody…
 : " i did not call for harm for anybody, the president lied again."   is asked by   if she was calling…
 : rep. maxine waters (d-ca) made the case that america can’t wait for the next president. donald trump must be impeached…
 : #release - ranking member : #goptaxscam is a giveaway to #wallstreet at the expense of hardworking americans…
 : "banks are already posting record profits. but that isn’t enough for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. no, instead…
michael cohen, save yourself. flip, flop, do the drop.
manafort, now that you know, will you join with organizations attempting to create fairness in the criminal justice… 
giuliani needs to shut his mouth and stop lying and then walking it back, disparaging women and undermining mueller… 
now that president trump has created a trade war and issued tariffs against china, does that mean president xi will… 
thank you to the  um church members for bringing charges against ag jeff sessions for his immoral attack on fami… 
remember when i said trump &amp; his allies are scumbags? trump is an immoral, indecent, &amp; inhumane thug.  he loves put… 
 : 🚨 #breaking 🚨 ranking member  introduces bill to improve protections for homeowners facing #foreclosure  https…
 .
 : . has questions for the  comptroller. we want answers. #occnocolor 

 : giuliani, i join with the crowd of , fans in yankee stadium from earlier this week:  boo!
giuliani, i join with the crowd of , fans in yankee stadium from earlier this week:  boo!
 : "i think it is clear that [trump] has obstructed justice. i think that the more we delve into –the more we see not only signs of…
i really enjoyed visiting with the students, student ambassadors,  staff, and faculty today at st. mary's academy i… 
today, i was so pleased to attend a very special ceremony celebrating the construction of the torrance transit regi… 
#conmandon is so quick to condemn athletes peacefully protesting police misconduct, but trump said nothing when ros… 
no no no, #conmandon. no matter what you wish, your lawyers emmett flood and rudy guiliani cannot be included in th… 
you did it again #conmandon.  you were inappropriate during  memorial day events, inappropriate at the boy scou… 
another #conmandon lie! now you're saying bob mueller is interfering in the midterms? you are so quick to lie on mu… 
#conmandon, you say it's dems who are responsible for separating children from their mothers  the border? lies. yo… 
 : .: i’m very concerned that given all we have learned about this president… given the fact that our special coun…
 : house financial services democrats to mnuchin: did you or another trump-connected official direct the treasury to obscure…
 : #release: ranking member  and committee #democrats press #mnuchin on suspicious activity reports related to tr…
 : in january,  says she asked treasury sec. mnuchin if he was ever asked to destroy or obscure records related to…
 : a question from house financial service committee democrats to steve mnuchin that has, so far, gone unanswered …
 :  just read from this january letter to mnuchin on our air... 
 : just now  (ranking member on the house financial services committee) says treasury sec'y steve mnuchin neve…
the moment of keeps: giuliani, keep talking. mueller, keep connecting the dots. rosenstein, keep saying no. stormy, keep storming.
trump, further isolating the united states, thinks he knows better than our negotiators and all of our global allie… 
tillerson, spicer, flynn, price, scaramucci, bannon, gorka, porter, cohn...#bebest
be best? give me a #bebest break. white house "be best" bully, role modeling for our children?! give me another break.
 : rep.  calls for #trump’s impeachment, slams the house intel committee report as “nothing” …
 : .: even as republicans see it now, some of them are whispering. they are embarrassed. they are worried. they’re…
 : #icymi: ranking member ’ letter to the editor on #republican efforts to undermine #fairhousing  read: https://…
 via 
reclaiming my time: magazine names rep. maxine waters among  most influential 
 : rep. maxine waters: president trump is perhaps "most deplorable human being" i've ever encountered 
 : . is a fighter for social justice and stands as an example of what can happen when you make some #goodt…
 : a well-deserved honor! congratulations to two inspirational, fearless leaders (both members of dwwg!) for being named to…
 : congratulations to one of our founding members,  on being named by  as one of the world's most inf…
 : “she’s not new to it, she’s true to it.” - congratulations to #capac member  for being named to the #time lis…
trump &amp; his backroom advisor sean hannity are bosom buddies -- both getting advice from the "fixer" michael cohen.… 
nikki haley, why are you aligned w/ trump?  what is it about him that makes you want to suffer endless humiliation?… 
thank you  and  for this tremendous recognition! i'm honored to be included on 's list of the… 
today, i introduced #hres recognizing the importance of the iconic vietnam veterans memorial, its extraordinary… 
 : a man who threatened to kill rep. maxine waters is expected to plead guilty to threatening a united states official. he told t…
san pedro man expected to plead guilty to threatening to kill rep. maxine waters  via 
 : the #cfpb was created by #doddfrank following the financial crisis to ensure that americans have an independent regulator work…
 : mulvaney’s cfpb priorities checklist: help out predatory lenders ✔ starve bureau of resources ✔ curb fair lending enforcement…
 : .: "mr. mulvaney is not the acting director of the consumer financial protection bureau. he was illegally appoin…
trump, you can't have cohen broker an nda &amp; payoff to stormy to keep her from talking about your affair &amp; then deny… 
everyone knows cohen has been trump's go-to lawyer &amp; fixer, protecting him in lawsuits &amp; representing him in all so… 
no matter what  says, #rosenstein, the acting us attorney in manhattan, and a federal judge would not have agreed… 
i was so honored to help bring and welcome to the  "the wall that heals," a -foot-long replica of… 
officials welcome vietnam ‘wall that heals’ to gardena – daily breeze 
 : .: some republicans now are talking about the tariffs &amp; the harm that it’s going to cause, but they’re not s…
 : .: republicans ‘don’t have any guts’ on #trump  via 
dr. martin luther king, jr. was an impassioned freedom fighter, drum major for justice &amp; real-life hero. may the wo… 
the recently revealed memo from #rosenstein that clearly explains mueller's authority to proceed w/ the investigati… 
today i mourn the loss of my dear friend &amp; one of the greatest leaders &amp; activists in the world: winnie mandela. i… 
america, what you just witnessed, w/ what may be one of the largest organized rallies this country has ever experie… 
the nra has met its match. while elected officials have all too often bowed down to the pressures of the gun lobby,… 
wow! what an exciting moment we experienced in our history w/ these young people who are leading a revolution. i'm… 
 : "american people must stand up ... some people are saying that 'well we'll vote' in . we cannot stand that. we cannot wait f…
 : "i am very concerned about our special counsel mueller ... while [trump] has said he would be happy to sit down with him, obviou…
 : earlier today, ranking member  gave the following floor statement in opposition to #hr, a bill that could…
 : "we oppose any efforts to undermine this critical protection &amp; will continue to fight for workers &amp; families to ensure they ar…
i am heartbroken by the passing of my dear friend &amp; colleague, congresswoman louise slaughter. she was a phenomenal… 
 : "everyone knows who this bully is. this president has attacked more more women, more individuals – name calling ... this is what…
 : . to #donaldtrump:   if for some reason #mueller doesn't get him, #stormy will.  #amjoy …
i am proud to join women all across the world in celebration of international women's day, which is an annual recog… 
 : . explains the comprehensive nature of current administration’s #fccwaronpoor at today’s #voicesbriefing. th…
 : today at noon, the voices for internet freedom coalition is hosting a hill briefing about how the 's deregulatory and pr…
 : #icymi: rm  pressed  on republican proposals to eliminate funding for critical housing and commun…
 : watch: rep. maxine waters responds to president trump reportedly saying she needs to take an "iq test." 
 : now you know auntie maxine had a clapback sitting on ready for . 😂👏🏾
 : in this edition of 'when the cheeto dust settles': trump will learn to stop playing with auntie  https://t…
 : instead of focusing on one of the many issues facing the #unitedstates, #donaldtrump spent time belittling the beloved #m…
 : rep. maxine waters smacked down trump's attack on her iq 
 : last night at the gridiron dinner, trump stated  should get an iq test. auntie maxine clapped right back: http…
 : i can’t even!   don’t not come for auntie  
  ok
 : . on #trump: this president has been called stupid, ignorant, and even his secretary of state did not deny t…
 : maxine waters: stormy daniels should give her interpretation of trump's mental health  …
 : .:  the most important thing this country can do now is impeach this president and make sure we get rid of h…
imagine the president of the united states rolling around the west wing, disoriented, ranting, angry, carrying on a… 
we might also inquire of stormy daniels about trump's mental state since  she has observed him up close. i'm sure s… 
for a president whose own staff &amp; appointees have referred to him as ignorant, stupid, &amp; whose own sec. of state ti… 
 : today, rm  asked  board chairman jerome powell about what steps the board is taking to ensure t…
 : #release: at powell hearing,  warns of #republican efforts to undermine the  and diminish its a…
 : "in order to better equip us in our efforts to prevent &amp; end homelessness in this country, i request that gao conduct a review…
 : #breaking:  leads call for diverse candidates for  president  "significant progress still needs to…
 : these reps speak for so many working people of color. the  ( and  )needs to lis…
 : rep. maxine waters on president trump's proposal to arm teachers: “that is a crazy idea. teachers do not want to be armed ... th…
 : . had time to defend  against a very insecure trump:  
john kelly needs to resign.
if you're wondering why kelly couldn't keep his lies straight -first trying to defend wife beater porter, then clai… 
john kelly is also complicit in knowing that porter had a history of wife beating. this would've been revealed in t… 
john kelly is presiding over a white house that is in chaos and dysfunction. he is complicit in both rob porter and… 
what? oprah insecure? i don't think so. as a matter of fact, oprah is richer than you are. deal with that. not true? show your tax returns!
watch my video below on the questions i asked treasury sec. mnuchin about why he &amp; trump are not implementing the s… 
does anyone need to ask why russians supported trump &amp; worked to defeat hillary? isn't it obvious? i've said over &amp;… 
so where are all the patriotic republicans? do they stand with this lying president or do they have the love of cou… 
to my colleagues who signed my letter to protect mueller from being undermined and fired, let's continue to insist… 
mueller is on his way to revealing the #kremlinklan i've always talked about.
congratulations to mueller on the  indictments! you're doing a great job! don't stop. i've always believed you could connect the dots!  : this is exactly the kind of work we should be able to expect of the house judiciary committee. i applaud ,…
yesterday  demanded jud chairman  hold an emergency hearing on the wave of domestic terro… 
 : may their memories be for a blessing: joyce feinberg,  rich gotfried,  rose malinger,  jerry rabinowitz,  cecil…
i believe there must be people of good will in the house gop who are concerned enough re recent white supremacy-bas… 
 : new:    urge chairman  to hold emergency hearings on hate crimes and…
read my letter with  and  demanding  hold immediate emergency hearings on la… 
 pipe bombs mailed in unprecedented political assassination attempt. deadliest massacre of jews in us history. mu… 
 : we must remember all victims of white supremacist violence.  vickie lee jones. maurice e. stallard. they were targeted be…
to those who perpetrate, peddle or tolerate hate:  people of good will in this country won’t back down in the face… 
may their memories be for a blessing: joyce feinberg,  rich gotfried,  rose malinger,  jerry rabinowitz,  c… 
 : we believe this is the deadliest attack on the jewish community in the history of the united states. our full statement…
 : rising anti-semitism, hate crimes; ubiquitous automatic weapons, an  angry, toxic partisan, tribal argu-culture, and a p…
 : update: our experts collected background on the shooter in today's vicious #antisemitic #hate crime, who regularly espous…
 : “it’s a horrific crime scene. it’s one of the worst i’ve ever seen.” pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich says the s…
 : as a jew, i feel the opposite of reassured when the president, instead of denouncing all the right-wing anti-semitic, an…
we must show that america is better than this, and that americans will not excuse anyone who thinks such acts of ha… 
whether it’s the anti-semitic mass shooting that took place in a pittsburgh synagogue this morning, or the attempte… 
there is no equivocating on domestic terrorism... /
this is not the america we want; it is not the america that has inspired the world for nearly  years. we must do… 
when politicians no longer abide the social norms that demand civility and respect for those with different views,… 
we cannot call what is happening “random” acts of violence. / 
 : the president just blamed the #pittsburghshooting synagogue for the parishioners it lost. “they should have had an armed g…
 : this nation is under attack by white supremacist terrorism. 
recirculating this important article:   antisemitic incidents in us soar to highest level in two decades | society… 
 : jeff finkelstein, ceo of the jewish federation of greater pittsburgh, on shooting: "this should not be happening, period.…
 : breaking: preliminary reports that at least  people are dead at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh and the suspect, w…
multiple fatalities already. active shooter situation.  truly despicable and beyond horrifying. 
this most recent admission by the government is just further disturbing evidence of the human toll of these reckles… 
the administration had no plans in place for tracking children or ensuring reunification with their parents, result… 
as the  ig report detailed earlier this month, the trump admin did not take the steps necessary to track the… 
the family separation crisis is not over --&gt; new questions raised on trump's family separations as  children disc… 
 : a mass assassination attempt this week:  former presidents;  former first ladies; a former ag; a holocaust survivor turned pro…
the health of american families shouldn't be held hostage for corporate profit. democrats are fighting… 
voting is not just a civic duty, it is a constitutionally protected right. efforts to curtail that right, either th… 
thank you to     for their quick response and continued bravery. 
the multiple terrorist threats, including at 's time warner center on the uws, must be condemned and the perpet… 
from day ,  and  have tried to dismantle the #aca. the doj is now refusing to defend chal… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
despite  saying he supports protections for those with pre-existing conditions, his administration… 
this heartbreaking article spells out why the pregnancy discrimination act still leaves women behind and why congre… 
 : middle-income earners wouldn't need a new tax cut if the republican tax law had actually been for the middle class, as p…
changing federal definitions cannot, and will not, erase trans americans. we will fight to ensure that all lgbt ind… 
 : .  &amp; : “heritage foundation’s ‘federal clerkship training academy’ is the latest effort by…
 : 🚨new:  &amp;  demand president trump disclose payments from the saudi royal family and governmen…
 : well said,  
 : this is you and all your friends laughing hysterically about gutting preexisting conditions a year ago. you thought we f…
republicans have attempted to undermine or repeal the affordable care act over  times w/o a replacement. now… 
 : i couldn’t be more proud to stand for lgbtq equality and receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard. no one should…
thank you  for the warm welcome tonight and the opportunity  to give my washington report and to represent… 
whether arising from the right or left side of the political spectrum, we all must stand up and speak out against a… 
i couldn’t be more proud to stand for lgbtq equality and receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard. no one sh… 
joined  today to discuss what is happening in washington and the need for real oversight of the departm… 
conflating the interference by russian and chinese actors is irresponsible and demonstrates the white house’s parti… 
 : “chauvinist president acts like a chauvinist” is an evergreen headline.   “republican leaders are complacent and silent…
the antisemitic attacks in boro park and crown heights these last few days are reprehensible and hate crimes.  thes… 
as predicted,  wants to cut medicare &amp; social security - hurting the most vulnerable in our communities -… 
tune in to  this morning at am as i join  to discuss the latest about what's been going on in washington.
and i am so proud to serve with you, . 
how a democratic house would check this erratic president 
and we will fight his efforts to turn back the clock on lgbtq rights tooth and nail. 
i join with my colleagues in government and community members in supporting the  court appeal to stop this o… 
let's not forget that hundreds of children still remain separated from their families due to the last time… 
for thousands living with or dying from /-related illnesses, and the thousands more who may not know they're sic… 
 : proud to introduce this bill w/ , , ,  &amp;  to keep our pr…
 : emoluments for dummies:  candidate trump: “saudi arabia, i get along with all of them. they buy apartments from me. they…
 : on the th anniversary of #nationalcomingoutday,  honors the amazing cultural influencers who have come out the past three de…
 : there were sound reasons why the authors of the constitution sought to forbid the president of the united states from accept…
 : any “her” will do. it’s not just an assault on norms, the rule of law &amp; due process they claim to love, it’s a downright cr…
restoring #netneutrality is about preserving freedom of speech and boosting economic opportunities. people across t… 
 : as we celebrate the signing of the #musicmodernizationact into law today, we are thankful for the tireless efforts of advoc…
 : thank you to our champions in the house , ,  and  for your support of mus…
 : today we celebrate the harmony and unity that got us here. the #musicmodernizationact is officially the law of the land…
 : republicans are working overtime to sabotage your access to affordable health care.   they're suing to end protections…
 : we must take care of our brave / first responders and all those who suffered at ground zero. devastating to learn th…
 : information on an upcoming event by our outreach partner  along with  and . learn more…
 : journalists are under attack, here in the u.s., and especially around the globe. that's because truth and justice are under…
my town hall at the bmcc tribeca performing arts center is tonight! hope to see everyone there. please rsvp 
the west side keeps getting better! with today’s ground breaking for pier  in  i’m happy to help… 
 : even toddlers are appearing in immigration court as more migrant children are taken into custody after crossing the border.…
i’m old enough to remember when  called a mob of nazis marching in charlottesville “some very fine… 
 : we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure our…
we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure… 
we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure… 
 : like many americans,  is tired of watching republicans in washington refuse to stand up to the worst conduc…
this week, i delivered the the weekly democratic address on behalf of , talking about the lack of an… 
 : today, more than  democratic colleagues joined me to urge  to reverse the discriminatory new  poli…
 : just in  ford atty: fbi investigation didnt interview christine ford,"cannot be called an investigation. we are profoundl…
 : sen. chris coons: "i'm concerned that if (the fbi) never interviewed dr. christine blasey ford or her corroborating witnes…
 : beginning our final panel on judicial independence,  says essential norms that preserve checks and balance…
speaking at  this morning for their forum on the state of the #ruleoflaw to discuss the importance of… 

four days ago, he said dr. ford was a “very credible witness” and a “very fine woman.” 
 : what a change in tone. early on, wh aides were saying pres trump was going to be reserved on kavanaugh. he said he wanted to h…
good to see so many friends  tonight and to give my washington report.  thank you to all of the board… 
 : we're calling on congress to fully &amp; permanently fund the / victims compensation fund. our / heroes answered the call…
taking an anti-lgbt action under the guise of equality is still an anti-lgbt action. this will cause real harm to r… 
as i said on , if the senate will not do its job then the house certainly should. that includes looking… 
watch my interview from sunday on this week where i discussed the #kavanaugh hearings and efforts to undermine the… 
this is a complete abdication of our historical leadership on human rights and refugee protection. #refugeeswelcome /
i am disappointed that in the face of the biggest refugee crisis since world war ii, this administration has set th… 
yesterday on , i discussed how we have to see what the fbi is allowed to thoroughly investigate, and, p… 
icymi: a us district judge has ruled that congress has standing to sue  and hold him accountable fo… 
after years of hard work, the #musicmodernizationact will finally be signed into law. it's been an honor to work wi… 
 : a prayer begins the remembrance ceremony one year after las vegas mass shooting that took  lives.  "we remember how so many in t…
congratulations to all those that have worked hard to make  a reality. this former state office building… 
 : brett kavanaugh’s testimony raised questions about his neutrality and temperament, threatening the already fragile reputation…
 : new: rep. jerrold nadler says if brett kavanaugh "is on the supreme court and the senate hasn't investigated, then the hou…
it is outrageous for the white house to restrict the  in terms of who they speak to and what they can/cannot in… 
huge win!  “this gives congress an opportunity to invoke our congressional right to make sure that the president is… 
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
 : #kavanaugh 
 : on /, join me,  &amp; all-star speakers including ken starr, , , , …
#kavanaugh 
marching over to  with  in opposition to the nomination of #kavanaugh. without a full i… 
 : if chair  fails to honor prof blasey ford’s request for  investigation pre-hearing, or fails to subpo…
 : any credible investigation of the accusations against kavanaugh must include testimony from mark judge. if ⁦…
there is no such thing as a “closed, private hearing.” the  cannot be left alone in a room with dag rosens… 
 : dr. ford has passed a polygraph test and given the committee the results. judge kavanaugh has not. she has called for out…
 : ranking members  and  said: 
 : today,  ranking member  and  ranking member  responded to the lates…
read my joint statement with  of  responding to the latest subpoena from … 
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
i want to thank dr. ford for her bravery and courage in telling her story to the . women must be heard… 
 : ranking members ,  and  on their support of h.r. , the bipartisan opioid le…
 : ranking members from ways &amp; means, , and  voice support for the newly-released legislative p…
 : grateful for the leadership of so many colleagues who worked together to pass the reciprocal access to tibet act last nigh…
last night, the house passed the bipartisan reciprocal #accesstotibet act, a step forward in our efforts to protect… 
 years ago, the hyde amendment passed congress and banned abortion coverage for low-income women. i am committed… 
 : as former chairman of the judiciary committee, i would never schedule a vote before we hear critical testimony that speak…
elections have consequences. we've seen this first hand from the nomination of brett kavanaugh to the dismantling o… 
i hope you will join me at my town hall in conjunction with  on tuesday, october  at the bmcc tribeca pe… 
thank you  for hosting me tonight! i always enjoy a lively discussion of the issues we’re facing together.… 
we need to make sure the special counsel investigation, including into possible obstruction of justice by… 
the president has shown that he will subvert major american institutions in the service of himself. if dag rosenste… 
 : "i am very worried." -  , the top democrat on the judiciary committee discusses possibility of a 'slow movin…
we have been watching a slow-moving saturday night massacre, with  firing comey and mccabe, and his… 
any credible investigation of the accusations against kavanaugh must include testimony from mark judge. if ⁦… 
 is a testament to the strength and resilience of the hell’s kitchen community. our community is proud… 
 : breaking: house judiciary committee plans to subpoena mccabe memos   member of the committee,  responds:…
 : chairman grassley is now threatening to hold a vote on brett kavanaugh’s nomination on monday unless dr. blasey ford gives…
it appears obvious that the  story is an attempt to undermine dag rosenstein and create a pretext for his r… 
thank you  for your leadership and tireless effort on behalf of the people of puerto rico.  today on… 
interesting to see statements by both  and  lauding the  leadership’s fbi bac… 
 : dr ford reasonably requested fbi bkgd check before she testifies so all the facts come out instead of just  conflicting st…
 : breaking - dwwg leaders &amp;  members of the house sent a letter to all senators urging them to delay judge kavanaugh’s…
 : in , the fbi reopened a background investigation. anita hill and clarence thomas were interviewed. every day more peo…
if judge kavanaugh were truly  interested in “defend[ing] his integrity,”  he should immediately ask… 
if chair  fails to honor prof blasey ford’s request for  investigation pre-hearing, or fails to s… 
read my statement on the administration’s disgraceful proposal to cap the number of refugees permitted to enter the… 
american history is littered with instances when our country could have done more to protect innocents seeking a be… 
the proposed k refugee cap is further proof that the trump administration is turning its back on the statue of li… 
 : debra katz, attorney for christine blasey ford, says her client is willing to testify before senate judiciary committee. b…
this is insufficient.  proper open hearing/investigation absolutely warranted before any vote given the serious and… 
these serious and credible charges demand immediate investigation by . i strongly urge chairman… 
 : yesterday’s guilty plea shows the seriousness of special counsel mueller’s investigation. again, this is no witch hunt.…
yesterday’s guilty plea shows the seriousness of special counsel mueller’s investigation. again, this is no witch h… 
 : "this allegation against judge kavanaugh is serious and demands a response. i have conferred with doj and the fbi, and ca…
 : new:  &amp;  released the following joint statement to mark the th anniversary of the violenc…
we are seeing historically low levels of unauthorized crossings at the southern border. yet under ,… 
i'm proud to be an original cosponsor of hr , which passed the house judiciary cmt. today. the bill will help n… 
 : this is what your math looks like when you count black or brown lives less than white lives. 
september : nearly , people affected by 'cesspool of cancer' 
in the years following the sept. th attacks, i have been grateful by how congress has come together to help fund… 
 : “these charges are very serious and call judge kavanaugh’s fitness into question. doj and the judicial conference should…
#neverforget    
proud to join    in opening the wtc cortland subway sta on the # line. it’s another imp st… 
watch my statement opposing hr, a bill with significant ramifications for criminal law and immigration cases th… 
"there were so many barriers placed in front of jane; the additional hurdle judge kavanaugh placed in front of her… 
 : . are discussing #whatsatstake with kavanaugh. tune into the livestream—. …
great to have an opportunity to address the crowd of  supporters and other activists who have gathered to opp… 
watching this confirmation hearing, it's more clear than ever we must #stopkavanaugh. he can dodge, weave, and evad… 
 : judge kavanaugh just said that #roevwade is "settled precedent." yet senators like   …
.’s refusal to defend key protections in the affordable care act for millions of americans with pre-… 
judge kavanaugh just said that #roevwade is "settled precedent." yet senators like  … 
op-ed: justice kennedy’s replacement must be an honest and fair-minded arbiter, kavanaugh falls well short of this… 
rudy is wrong on the facts - again. rudy is wrong on the law - again. all in all, he seems awfully determined to bl… 
 : here's why house judiciary committee ranking member  is urging his senate colleagues to oppose brett kav…
“if there was proof that the president colluded with a foreign power to defraud the american people and subvert our… 
proud to be sharing the stage with former cia director  at  center on national security f… 
refreshing to see a republican senator condemn trump’s outrageous, authoritarian view that  is his own partisan… 
today is a day when we honor all the hard-working americans who helped build our nation, and renew our commitment t… 
 : over , workers marched across new york city during the first labor day parade in . they held signs that called for "…
extremely saddened to hear about the unexpected passing of janet weinberg. she was a such a fierce and wise advocat… 
 : a conversation btwn fordham alum, former  director , &amp;  alum, congressman , mo…
 : full interview:  joins #mtp and says congress' role is not to protect the president and that the house jud…
 : "the role of congress is not to protect the president... we ought to be holding investigations,"  says on…
 : john mccain, war hero, senator, presidential contender, dies at  
. was a man of outstanding courage and integrity. his presence, influence and leadership on behalf of… 
 : breaking:  urge  to hold emergency session to meet with doj regarding the implications of the c…
my statement following the conviction of trump’s former campaign manager, paul manafort, and guilty plea of his lon… 
 : it is up to the  to decide how to proceed, as following the olc opinion is not a settled legal matter. t…
 : if, as michael cohen testified in his guilty plea, his felonies were committed at the direction of , th…
 : the president's former campaign manager is now a convicted felon. his longtime personal lawyer is now an admitted felon…
 : the guilty plea of  attorney michael cohen, the conviction of trump campaign manager paul manafort, and the in…
it is up to the  to decide how to proceed, as following the olc opinion is not a settled legal matte… 
if, as michael cohen testified in his guilty plea, his felonies were committed at the direction of … 
 : it may be that the trump presidency will be divided into pre- and post-august ,  periods.
the president's former campaign manager is now a convicted felon. his longtime personal lawyer is now an admitted f… 
 : the president’s former campaign manager, national security adviser and personal lawyer are officially all convicted crimin… reminder: today is the last day to request an absentee ballot. even if you requested an absentee ballot for an earl… 
. is recruiting for temporary jobs in tennessee! find out more here: 
i’m sickened by what happened at tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. an attack on one house of worship is an atta… 
great job  and florida law enforcement agencies. nationwide manhunts aren’t easy. neither is keeping our nation… 
we need a functional first branch of government, not the “broken branch” criticized by political scientists… 
congress needs to get back to regular order, the way it used to be. and the upcoming election offers the best chanc… 
 : tn reps jim cooper &amp; jeff yarbro, &amp; local leaders join care force one on the protect our care bus tour at centennial park…
our nation is better than this. threats and violence have no place in our politics. grateful to , cap… 
is it easy to vote in davidson county? not if you’re a recent high school graduate or college student.  we hope thi… 
 : kristof: the u.s. should quietly make clear to the saudi royal family that their mad prince has gone too far — not just wit…
it’s never been more important to make your voice heard. pick your preferred polling place, make a plan to get ther… 
i just signed the #girlstoo pledge. join me in creating a culture where girls grow up safe, respected, and valued.… 
colleen was one of the most important health care leaders that nashville ever had. she didn’t focus on making money… 
what a great lineup at this year's ! 
 : tennessee #aca premiums will drop -% in   in , tennessee individual market insurers were among the most profitab…
great news for tennessee – the music modernization act finally became law today! proud to have supported landmark l… 
today is the last day to register in tennessee, and you can do this quickly and easily online. head over to… 
., thank you for encouraging americans to vote in the upcoming elections. , young people and mor… 
the deadline to register to vote is tomorrow! don’t miss out on your opportunity to make your voice heard this nove… 
 : psa!! we've got till oct  to make sure everyone we know is registered to vote on november , so we're throwing one big…
dr. ford was credible. judge kavanaugh’s troubling temperament was on full display yesterday. the american bar asso… 
enjoyed speaking with  and  at  today about the importance of strengtheni… 
 : in tennessee, you can file your voter registration both by mail and online. the deadline to register for the november midterms is…
congress has finally listened to the music industry. i hope the president signs our bill into law quickly so our so… 
our bipartisan bill gives congress the authority to weigh in on tariffs before they are implemented. no president s… 
i'm proud to introduce the promoting responsible and free trade act with . 
two things we should all have on our to-do lists:  .  get a flu shot . make sure you’re registered to vote… 
 :  days left to make sure you, your family, friends &amp; coworkers are registered to vote for the november elections in tn!…
in the  election, tennessee ranked th in turnout and th in voter registration rate. it's time we turn that… 
 days left to make sure you, your family, friends &amp; coworkers are registered to vote for the november elections i… 
marilyn lloyd stepped up in tragic circumstances and made history. i was lucky to serve with her in congress. she w… 
 : sunday, september  on our  #radioshow across  #nashville, i talk with  from …

congressional research service (crs) reports are finally online! previously, they were reserved for members of cong… 
here’s a list of the hospitals that have closed while tennessee has refused to expand medicaid. 
june  
jan.  
nov.  
april  
sept.  
june  
feb.  
feb.  
dec.  
jan.  
mayor holland is exactly right. the state legislature is playing politics with people’s lives, and they know it. we… 
 :  talks about the need to inspire the next generation of scientists; also the importance of federal support…
reform is never easy, but we're in a moment when americans are rightfully demanding more from their elected officia… 
today we honor those we lost, we remember the heroic efforts of our first responders, and we celebrate the bravery… 
“that duty may be risky to their careers in government or afterward. but on their first day at work, they swore an… 
i agree with this from .   "if the president’s closest advisers believe that he is morally and intellectu… 
great article about one of middle tennessee’s best and brightest. way to go, alexis! you make us all proud. 
we were so proud to have her in the program! 
 : did you know #tennessee ranks th in the nation in voter turnout? panel event featuring  (#fairrepresentationac…
america lost a hero today. senator mccain’s life and legacy will live on.
a war hero and true public servant, my prayers are with senator mccain and his family. 
a new report says % of hospitals are in bad shape. tennessee is one of the top  states with the highest concentr… 
as significant a day as any since the nixon administration: the president’s personal lawyer and former campaign cha… 
awesome event with , ,  and brenda lee. congratulations on your inductions i… 
i was lucky to meet a hero last friday. so glad we were able to help get his medals and deliver them to him in pers… 
   we’re thankful for your energy and commitment to madison!
in solidarity, admiral william mcraven, the hero who oversaw the bin laden raid, has asked the president to revoke… 
john brennan is a patriot and a man of integrity. he is being punished only because he spoke out about the dangers… 
 hey there - i'm in tennessee and support #netneutrality.  i think you're looking for 
i know all the talented  award winners will celebrate aretha’s legacy tonight. congratulations to t… 
america lost an icon today. the queen of soul taught us to respect. 
   thanks for all you do and for stopping in!
 years ago, president johnson signed the voting rights act. there's more work to do in expanding access to the po… 
in davidson county, voter turnout nearly doubled compared to the august primary in . i’m proud that new initiat… 
it's election day! polls are open in middle tennessee until : pm. more info here:  
enjoyed visiting  tv news archive, which is celebrating its th anniversary this week! check out th… 
 : albert is a unique network monitoring solution that provides automated alerts on both traditional and advanced network thre…
 : we're one month out from the  / panel on voter security and engagement at ! looking forward to joining…
 : “a tariff is not a hex but a tax — or series of taxes — on what other nations try to sell to us. politicians are not brave…
thank you for your letters! i look forward to reading them. 
 : in addition to access to books and movies, public libraries provide:   - internet access - low-cost printing services - fina…
tariffs are stupid taxes. 
 : gov. haslam predicts that the next governor will have to address medicaid expansion. "at some point in time, i think t…
👏👏 
the trump administration is using tariffs to target newspapers in tennessee and beyond. unnecessary and unacceptabl… 
 : hey, nashville. september  is national voter registration day and i am cooking up a pretty spectacular event in its honor…
on the world stage, president trump said he believes vladimir putin over our own intelligence agencies. another dis… 
most importantly, people are sick of nominees who may look good on tv, but seem programmed to stealthily turn back… 
additionally, americans don’t want a court that overwhelmingly comes from three ivy league schools. this was a chan… 
although house members don’t vote on supreme court picks, i think americans are tired of a court that doesn’t look… 
 : breaking:  armed services &amp; foreign affairs committee dems release statement on trump meetings with nato &amp; putin https…
 : thread! 
 : #breaking federal court: tennessee must stop revoking drivers licenses from people who can't pay court costs …
 : this story, tweet, show how the market fails in healthcare. we are the only industrialized nation where a story like t…
 yes! august  for davidson county 
most importantly – register to vote! tomorrow is the final day if you want to vote in the aug.  election. register… 
i’ve never had an easier time encouraging people to join any other effort. middle tn employers understand the impor… 
. and i are celebrating  #projectregistertn participants today!  
 :  if you're a naturalized citizen you need to check your status! people are reporting they have been remov…
already registered? be sure to check your status online to see if your info is up-to-date! 
tennessee:  day left to register to vote in the august  election! register online --&gt; 
thankful for the  team. 
newsrooms are places where knowledge, speech and debate flow freely. they should not be war zones. 
...as a result it prevents the american people, acting through their state and local officials, from making importa… 
as justice sotomayor wrote in dissent: “there is no sugarcoating today’s opinion. the majority overthrows a decisio… 
unions help keep america strong and ensure equal rights in the workplace. the supreme court has made it harder to s… 
 : vanderbilt supports the nonpartisan initiative - #projectregistertn - created by  &amp;  to inc…
 : / if each one of us can commit to registering at least one other person to vote, we can make the change we want to see i…
our most fundamental rights – speech, choice, religion, marriage, health care, voting, you name it – are at risk no… 
justice kennedy’s retirement once again proves a cold, hard fact: elections matter. president trump will single-han… 
it can be devastating to have no health insurance. it’s hard to imagine bartering to get chemo or a kidney transpla… 
equality. for. all. i’m proud to support the bipartisan equality act to extend civil rights protections and move… 
as i said early last year, trump’s travel ban is confusing, irresponsible and makes america less safe. i’m disappoi… 
proud to join all house democrats &amp;  republicans in defeating an anti-family immigration bill: 
the bill i opposed:   • did nothing to stop family separations. • did nothing to reunify families recently separate… 
this bill is too cruel to support and it doesn’t do anything to reunite families already separated at the border. w… 
the children must be reunited with their parents. 
it was an honor to welcome rabbi mark schiftan of nashville as today’s guest chaplain on the floor of the u.s. hous… 
trump’s family separation policy is cruel, inhumane and un-american. 
trump has the ability to stop family separations himself, but if the white house doesn’t act now, congress must ste… 
this policy is an unspeakable betrayal of america’s history. kids are being damaged permanently every day. this is… 
today, i held a news conference to discuss president trump’s “zero-tolerance” policy which has resulted in separati… 
 : nobody likes gerrymandering. so how did the practice even begin, and why is it still happening? 
it’s more important than ever to vote in every election. sitting out could be used against you in some states. 
because of today’s supreme court decision, voting is now "use it or lose it" for some americans. i’m glad the tenne… 
 : just got out of the or to read this piece about trump’s new lawsuit to bring back pre-ex condition exclusions. if it won,…
nobody wins in trade wars. other countries need to be held accountable for unfair trade. but using tariffs to press… 
separating children from their families is cruel. the trump administration needs to end this immediately. if it won… 
 : last week,  revisited the marshmallow test, an  &amp; -funded social-science study that tested young ch…
 : everything you need to know about the state of voting ahead of the  elections--where we are and what to expect--here:…
 : we believe every citizen should be  registered to vote.  has teamed up with  and   for…
 : “change can happen faster when more people that are eligible [to vote] get out and have their voices heard.” — great hav…
 : “america was not made for people who drive mercedes or bmws. it was made for everyone.” 
 : each year interns from the nashville office of  visit the , and this year the congressman…
president trump is removing workers’ fundamental rights. 
today marks tennessee’s nd birthday. i’m proud to serve this great state. to celebrate, visit bicentennial capit… 
“in the immigration context, the government has never taken a stand against the protection of kids in this country.… 
 : big development: attorney and a georgetown law prof  has taken on #matthewcharles clemency petition probono…
we honor the sacrifice and legacy of our fallen heroes today and every day. this year, i am especially thankful ens… 
congratulations to ! i am so relieved that nashville chose the path of stability and progress. briley w… 
 : update:  joins  +  in blasting trump call for tariffs on auto imports.   alexande…
yesterday the dc interns attended a bipartisan discussion on the opioid epidemic at the .… 
 : election day is here! polls for the special election for mayor and council district  are open now until  p.m. tonight…
 : #breaking bob corker: donald trump abusing power, 'dangerous' to say auto imports may pose security threat …
auto tariffs would hurt our state. nissan, volkswagen and other foreign companies employ thousands of tennesseans &amp;… 
 : tomorrow, david m. rubenstein, , , nathan sheets, and  discuss the causes and consequenc…
this decision will undermine local law enforcement and school officials, and increase fear and mistrust in our comm… 
yet another school shooting in america. more loved ones taken from their families. too many innocent lives lost. wh… 
 : malicious cyber actors shut down a tennessee county's election website and broke into the web server, illustrated how hack…
 : u.s. cyber-physical systems will be hacked.  team, with support from , is learning how to bring them…
 : also, % of tennesseans want to expand medicaid  
 : big: the senate just passed a bipartisan resolution to block the trump administration’s plan to repeal #netneutrality https…
👍 
 : three days before may   hearing on #census,  call for subpoena to force justice departmen…
loved hearing from thoughtful students at antioch middle prep! 
 : scientific american makes it explicit: 
the iran deal was much better than president trump thinks. he is making a big mistake by withdrawing from it. this… 
#govotetn! today will be a historic day for nashville's future. polls are open until : p.m. 
 : james shaw jr., the hero of the april  waffle house shooting, has raised over $, for victims of the deadly attack. https:/…
 : love it!  &amp;  waiving the towels for round  game ! the former mayors who saved the team.  nice work…
we lost four young lives, joe r. perez, deebony groves, taurean c. sanderlin, and akilah dasilva, way too soon. for… 
today, i joined my colleagues from the tennessee delegation and the congressional black caucus on the house floor t… 
 : today is the last day to early vote! am-pm at belle meade city hall, bellevue library, bordeaux library, casa azafrán, e…
the music modernization act just passed the house -! these updates are long overdue &amp; will help level the playi… 
keeping the bush family in my thoughts and wishing president bush a speedy recovery. 
 : vigil for waffle house shooting victims: 'we are antioch. we're strong.'  via 
 : “those of us who believe in democracy should want a system that works for the people that vote, all of the people.” - …
thankful for quick action by our law enforcement officials.   . 
 : leading today's edition of the  editorial page, a warning that our elections are still vulnerable to outsid…
 : the -year-old hero from waffle house shooting: 'i saw the opportunity and i took it'  via …
that starts with restricting widespread civilian access to military-grade assault weapons.
nashville woke up to devastating news. we mourn the innocent victims and thank our brave first responders. many wil… 
 thanks, jessica! i went to the nashville rally this morning to listen to the students. they are remarkable!
. has broken yet another barrier, this time with a baby in her arms. go tammy! 
 : today marks the anniversary of one of the most important days in nashville history. #loobybombing #northnashville https://…
i’m so proud of every newly registered voter. i hope they all vote in every election, and i thank our partners for… 
the final results are in, and , new high school students from cheatham, davidson and dickson counties are regis… 
it’s clear that there’s bipartisan consensus for protecting dreamers. #dreamersdeserveavote 
we’ve lost an amazing, intelligent and passionate first lady. barbara bush was a gift to america and the rock of a… 
assad is a murderous dictator who kills his own people. we don’t know if these strikes will work. but president tru… 
 : thank you ! tennesseans overwhelmingly support accepting federal funds to keep our rural hospitals open, su…
 : “we need to continue to try new things so that democracy can continue to improve” #rankedchoicevoting #fairrepact -…
it all starts tonight — let’s go preds! #standwithus #wewantthecup #smashville
it’s good to see the judiciary committee advance the music modernization act. our bill helps nashville songwriters… 
 : early voting for the may  election begins today! you can vote early through april . check out the early voting sites h…

early voting for the may  election begins today! you can vote early through april . check out the early voting s… 
equal pay for equal work. period. i’m proud to support the paycheck fairness act, a bill congress must pass now:… 
we should have addressed our transit issues decades ago. the longer we wait, the harder it is. now is the time to s… 
 : sometimes old myths have to die. it’s time for nashville to write an epitaph for the myth that says the car is the key to…
 : "may  isn't very far away. are we going to correct the mistakes of the past? this is an opportunity for nashville to g…
    congrats, josh!
 : early voting for the may  election begins wednesday, april ! this quick and convenient way of voting will be available…
good luck to the  and  students who are competing in the #hcasc championship tomorrow! nashville is… 
 : are voting machines really that easy to hack? we teamed up with  to stage an election at  to show just ho…
 : the western conference has its champion and it's the ! #stanleycup 
new: last year more than , tennesseans bought health insurance through . the vast majo… 
 : joe daniels, age , missing in dickson co. 
dr. king’s legacy must live forever. as we celebrate his life and remember his untimely death, there is still work… 
the eac is giving tennessee an additional $. million. that means our state will have nearly $ million to improv… 
today is the last day to register to vote in the may  election! register online here:   #govotetn
 thankful for your advocacy, nancy!
 :  months ago,  &amp;  revealed a  law has severely restricted the ability of the dea to investi…
earmarks encourage the worst behavior because they tempt people in congress to steal taxpayer money to benefit big… 
 : from  and : the “ensuring patient access and effective drug enforcement act” hurts #dea effo… chairman aderholt &amp; i wrote to chairman frelinghuysen &amp; ranking member lowey urging passage of a disaster approps b… 
the irs has provided guidance for taxpayers in for taxpayers in ga and fl taxpayers impacted by hurricane michael. 
i thank  for recognizing the significant recovery needs facing middle &amp; southwest georgia following hurricane… 
 has provided resources to help restore communities impacted by hurricane michael &amp; other disasters.  
disaster recovery centers have opened in baker, decatur, and terrell counties to help those in need of assistance f… 
 has released the following advice on applying for disaster assistance following hurricane michael: 
the disastrous aftermath of hurricane michael is visible throughout #ga &amp; it is imperative that we continue to re… 
replacement snap benefits are available to residents in need: 
 : mfan executive director,  is at fairchild afb for the congressional military family caucus summit speaking on mi…
hurricane michael caused significant devastation to mid &amp; sw ga. this new major disaster declaration paves the way… 
current timeline for power restoration in ga: 
due to the power outages from hurricane michael, my albany office is currently out of service. if you are a constit… 
hurricane michael caused catastrophic damage throughout middle &amp; sw ga. this emergency declaration will open up des… 
 : as hurricane #michael nears land, take shelter &amp; stay safe.  📱follow weather updates on your phone or radio.  🔹 in a tornado warn…
here is a list of storm shelters in #ga:    
yesterday, i joined my colleagues in the ga congressional delegation in requesting expedited emergency resources to… 
today is the last day to register to #vote in georgia. you can check your registration status and register to vote… 
my office is closely monitoring #hurricanemichael. make sure you take the steps to ensure that you &amp; your family ar… 
there are several types of domestic violence &amp; none of them are acceptable. don’t ignore the red flags. if you thin… 
breast cancer is one of the most common cancers in the u.s. &amp; can affect both men &amp; women. get screened &amp; educate y… 
this legislation takes a number of positive steps to shore up our military &amp; provides funding for an assortment of… 
i'm pleased that the fta has recognized the importance &amp; value of investing in a modern public transportation syste… 
our democracy works when everyone is engaged and participates. make sure your voice is heard in november by registe… 
thank you to   for stopping by to discuss the importance of top quality training &amp; ample employment oppor… 
it’s always a pleasure to attend the #plainspeanutfestival and meet with the wonderful people of plains. as co-chai… 
in observance of national pow/mia recognition day, let us honor those who were prisoners of war, pray for those who… 
our local health centers continue to serve those w/ geographic &amp; economic need. this funding will continue to enhan… 
congratulations to  for being ranked the no. #hbcu in georgia! #ga! 
i would like to wish a sincere happy birthday to  &amp; give a huge thank you to our heroes in the sky who p… 
suicide is the th top cause of death in the u.s. &amp; can affect anyone, regardless of age/race/creed/gender. take t… 
i was honored to join my colleagues,  &amp; , , , &amp;  fmr rep. charlie ra… 
the first ‘minibus’ funding package was much improved during the conference committee process. this legislation inc… 
i'm pleased that the conference report for s.  includes the transfer of the earle may recreational area to the… 
i'm pleased w/ the va's announcement awarding a contract for the columbus medical clinic. it has been a priority of… 
it was an honor to speak to america's vetdogs and join several of my colleagues in supporting enhanced mobility and… 
the impacts of / resonate to this day. our lives were forever changed. we must remember the resilience &amp; the ded… 
september is #nationalpreparednessmonth. plan ahead to make sure your family is prepared in the event of a disaster… 
i have long supported beginning, socially disadvantaged, &amp; veteran farmers. the proposed farming opportunities trai… 
usda rural development is a vital source of support for rural communities, &amp; the funding provided to baker county i… 
in observance of #laborday, i would like to say “thank you” to those who have contributed to our nation’s strength,… 
i met w/ leadership  to discuss toxic lead exposure to our servicemembers &amp; they are addressing the iss… 
i had the privilege of visiting . i  toured the facilities, assessed recovery efforts &amp; discussed initia… 
it is vital that we weigh the impacts of our policy decisions &amp; have an honest conversation about our nation's budg… 
i find reports of potential lead exposure in dod housing units troubling. the safety &amp; well-being of our military f… 
our country has lost a true patriot! he always put god, country and service to others before himself and his party.… 
i am pleased that the randolph co. board of elections &amp; registration rejected the ill-advised proposal to close  o… 
i was honored to join my fellow georgian &amp; former president, jimmy carter, &amp; other community leaders at the grand o… 
i sent this letter to   &amp;  expressing my opposition to the recent proposal to close  of … 
i'm outraged by the proposal to close  of  polling stations in randolph co. &amp; will do everything to stop this dis… 
as the co-chairs of the house peanut caucus, rep. roby (al-) &amp; i sent a letter to secretary perdue urging the usd… 
the queen of soul touched our souls with just the right music for every need and every emotion in every stage of ou… 
thank you to the air logistics complex &amp;  for all that you do on behalf of our nation. i look forward… 
as your representative in congress, i take pride in keeping you up-to-date on the important issues facing ga &amp; the… 
ron fought for those who faced persecution &amp; battled for ‘peace, justice, &amp; humanity’ for all people. he is an insp… 
yesterday, i sent a letter to house &amp; senate leaders on the conference committee for the  farm bill urging them… 
on this day  years ago, president truman issued the executive order that desegregated the military. this order ul… 
#netneutrality protects small businesses &amp; innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field o… 
today, representative  and i introduced the faster treatments &amp; cures for eye diseases act (h.r. )… 
 : today's panel discussion with secretary perdue and guests from across the house, senate, and industry was informative a…
as co-chair of the congressional caucus on working forests, i was delighted to join my colleagues &amp; … 
“scents” i am a member of the congressional fragrance caucus, i was happy to speak at the fragrance creators associ… 
thank you  for your outstanding efforts to ensure that our nation’s veterans and their spouses are recogni… 
as co-chair of the congressional auto performance &amp; motorsports caucus, i recognize car tuning, racing, &amp; collectin… 
 and i sent a letter to  about the thousands of people that could lose access to snap at… 
our communities are still recovering from the destruction that was caused in . these fema grants will provide r… 
i am calling on the administration and the department of homeland security (dhs) to ensure that every mother is reu… 
as we commemorate the th anniversary of the #civilrightsact, let us reflect on the courageous work done by those… 
i was honored to welcome gerald corker of cairo, ga, winner of the #cac for #ga, &amp; his family to our nation’s cap… 
 : i am leading  #democrats in demanding answers from  &amp; . dhs+hhs inspectors general must immediately cond…
we need a comprehensive &amp; compassionate immigration system that balances our security &amp; workforce needs w/ our valu… 
americans with pre-existing conditions shouldn’t face discrimination. period. #protectourcare 
the administration’s policy of separating children from their families at the border is inhumane &amp; inconsistent wit… 
as we celebrate the end of such a dark period in our nation’s history, let us rejoice at how far we have come as a… 
i was proud to vote in support of the fy defense appropriations act during its consideration in committee, and i… 
i am pleased to announce that 's rural housing service has approved over $. million in multi-family housing… 
today marks the th anniversary of the allied invasion of europe against the nazis, known as d-day. let us honor t… 
today, we recognize the sacrifice that many men &amp; women have made in the name of freedom. our nation is indebted to… 
i was honored to deliver the commencement speech to my alma mater’s  graduating class. i firmly believe this gr… 
congrats to ’s solve team! these students represented #ga in samsung's solve for tomorrow contest a… 
congratulations to the men’s tennis team  on winning the ncaa division  men’s tennis final and becom… 
yesterday, i sent a letter, joined by  of my colleagues, to administrator emily murphy of  urging her to ta… 
i would like to thank my colleagues on the u.s. house appropriations committee for working diligently in a bipartis… 
i had the opportunity to attend the groundbreaking for the new fire station &amp; governmental complex in blakely, ga,… 
i am pleased with our progress on this important legislation, which includes funding for our food safety-net progra… 
today,  came together to meet the needs of our service members, veterans, &amp; their families.  i am confi… 
i was honored to speak on the  encouraging the passage of the veterans cemetery benefit correction act (… 
thank you to all the talented contestants in this year’s #congressionalartcompetition and congratulations to the wi… 
it was great meeting with the  and lintech international, llc, located in macon, georgia, to discuss the re… 
 : thank you  for a great conversation about the importance of math education and the essential support fed…
these grants will help revitalize the city of albany by supporting the assessment of contaminated properties in the… 
today, i authored a letter to u.s. trade representative robert e. lighthizer urging him to take action to address c… 
during today’s  hearing with , i expressed concerns over a number of proposals included in the… 
as a co-chair of the working forests caucus, i was delighted to join the  last night to celebrate the… 
i was deeply saddened when i learned that former first lady barbara bush had passed. may her elegance, compassion,… 
at today’s hearing, i discussed the role of vapor devices as a harm reduction for those seeking to quit or limit th… 
the farm bill is of vital importance to me and my constituents. it provides certainty and support to the farmers th… 
 : great to visit with  staff today. they care about ga agriculture and farmers! 
i enjoyed meeting with  to discuss ways to provide access to reliable broadband and robust rural devel… 
i had the opportunity to meet with the southern grocery industry association to discuss the pressing agricultural i… 
in conjunction w/ the support from , the cdbg-dr funding from  will provide substantial recovery assist… 
fifty years ago, we lost one of our nation’s most valiant and respected leaders, dr. martin luther king, jr. in vie… 
i was deeply saddened to learn of the death of winnie mandela. she was a  brave woman who stood for what she believ… 
on this #vietnamwarveteransday , let us recognize and pay tribute to all of those who served in the vietnam war. th… 
i participated in the rural hunger roundtable   with  and other community partners to… 
attention all #ga high school students! my office is still accepting entries for this year’s… 
 : thank you to 's macon office staff for meeting with  michael dinkins today regarding #boldalzheimer…
glad to be #peanutproud!  #ga #peanutproudfestival 
 : big $ million boost for rural broadband in #omnibus. new pilot grant &amp; loan combo program, administered by , wi…
i am pleased that we now can provide federal agencies &amp; programs with the certainty they need to carry out their mi… 
georgia is the # state for forestry in the nation and  has more than  million acres of forestland. as of , g… 
 : during #nationalagweek, we pause to celebrate the many farmers, ranchers and foresters working hard to grow the food, fuel and fi…
farmers markets provide a great opportunity to buy fresh food. state farmers markets are responsible for over $b i… 
from fruits and vegetables to pecans and livestock, agriculture in georgia provides an abundance of #foodforlife.… 
i enjoyed celebrating #nationalagday with  and  ! 
happy #nationalagday! today is dedicated to our farmers, ranchers, and producers. to everyone who wakes up early to… 
i was honored to receive the spirit of enterprise award from the !  i will continue to do all that i can… 
i am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of my friend and colleague, congresswoman louise slaughter. she was a… 
congratulations to major general gary m. brito on becoming the first african-american commander of the maneuver cen… 
with  farms and more than , acres dedicated to cotton, the second congressional district of georgia is ran… 
peanuts are the official state crop of georgia and our district is the # producer of peanuts in the country!… 
 : glad to have paul w/  congressional office drop by sirp for a great mitchell county young farmer meeting.…
public schools have a purpose and a role to play not just for individual students, but for communities across the n… 
i was honored to receive the  distinguished community health advocate award from albany area primary healthcare… 
i was delighted to meet with  to discuss the importance of air transportation for georgia and our nation. 
i enjoyed speaking with mayor hubbard of albany and members of the . it is always a pleasure discussing wa… 
today, i had a productive meeting with a number of young georgia farmers and others representing the . 
attention all #ga high school students! my office is accepting entries for this year’s… 
today, i met with representatives from 's college of agriculture, family sciences, and technology to discuss t… 
i was honored to meet with uga football coaching legend vince dooley. he now serves on the board for the civil war… 
 (est. in ) is  of  hbcus in ga &amp;  of  hbcus to produce rhode scholars. notable alumni include d… 
today, i had the pleasure of meeting with the dooly county delegation! #swga 
 : this week we recognize #peacecorpsweek. president kennedy had the foresight to establish a program that went beyond nati…
fletcher henderson, jr., the father of ”big band jazz”, was a talented pianist, conductor, arranger, and composer b… 
thank you  for inviting me to speak at your national african-american history month program. 
the old mt. zion baptist church in albany, georgia was a prominent gathering place for civil rights activists durin… 
“the father of soul”, ray charles, was born in albany, georgia in . this musical genius helped establish the mu… 
joshua gibson aka “the black babe ruth” was born in buena vista, georgia in . this legendary baseball player wa… 
rock ‘n’ roll icon richard “little richard” wayne penniman was born december ,  in macon, georgia.… 
happy birthday to my dear friend and colleague ! you are a true civil rights hero and an inspiration to all! #goodtrouble
founded in  in albany, georgia,  is  of  hbcus in georgia, and  of  hbcus in georgia’s nd… 
a native of macon, georgia (by way of dawson, georgia), otis ray redding, jr. was a world-renowned musician whose t… 
jack “jackie” roosevelt robinson was born in  in cairo, georgia. he was the st african-american to play major… 
the bridge house in albany, georgia was built in  by horace king, a freed african-american architect. this hist… 
i have significant concerns over the white house’s snap proposal. 
founded in  in fort valley, georgia,  is  of  hbcus in georgia and  of  hbcus in georgia’s nd congre… 
as we pay tribute to different african-americans and their accomplishments, let us also acknowledge the achievement… 
  in columbus, ga was established in . it housed african-american  performers like lena horne and e… 
the tubman museum in macon, georgia is a museum that has been dedicated to preserving the rich history of african-a… 
i applaud both chambers of congress for coming together on this bipartisan agreement, and look forward to its imple… 
“i’ve only just a minute, only sixty seconds in it. forced upon me, can’t refuse it. didn’t seek it, didn’t choose… 
, established in macon, ga in  by charles douglass, was macon’s most popular venue for african-am… 
gertrude pridgett “ma” rainey was born in , in columbus, georgia. she was the first popular stage entertainer t… 
 in albany, georgia is a museum that details the rich history of the civil rights movement in south… 
 of  designated seminole and grady counties in ga’s nd congressional district as contiguous di… 
the african american community’s intrinsic strength, resilience, and resolute faith during hardship serves as motiv… 
 : thank you congressman sanford bishop for helping us to #liveunited    http…
today, i had the pleasure of meeting with  and discussing legislation that promotes equal access, education,… 
on jan. , fema updated its public assistance (pa) policy &amp; program guide to include houses of worship as eligible… 
i met with the mayors of leesburg, albany, talbotton, &amp; richland   to discuss some of the issues faci… 
i’m proud to announce that  research institute, inc. was awarded a $, competitive grant throug… 
 : huge thanks to  &amp;  for their support of the #connectwell pilot program with …
today,  was presented with the congressional gold medal. bob graduated from the officer candidate schoo… 
today, we pay tribute to one of our nation’s most valiant and respected leaders, dr. martin luther king, jr. let us… 
the children’s health insurance program (#chip) will be extended into next year. this vital program provides health… 
i have stated numerous times that i support tax relief for all georgia families, but it needs to be fair, balanced,… 
open enrollment in the health insurance market ends today! #getcovered  
i am deeply disappointed in the ’s decision today to repeal #netneutrality. all citizens should have fair and e… 
yesterday, i joined  and my fellow members of the  to discuss our nation’s difficult fiscal… 
happy st  birthday to the proud men and women of the . thank you for your selfless service and sacrifices.
i would like to wish a happy hanukkah to all my friends in the jewish community.
 : "today congressman steve womack- joined by , , , &amp; - introduced the…
 : last night, rep.  spoke on the house floor about his alma mater , which is one of nine #hbcus cele…
as an alumnus of  , i know the important contributions hbcus have made in educating, training, &amp; empoweri… 
 's landmark study demonstrates that georgia’s #hbcus are not only relevant, but necessary #hbcustrong… 
did you know that you can still sign up for health insurance through december ? our office is here to help- it’s… 
it was a pleasure to speak at this year's annual rural lenders'  roundtable. i am honored i had the opportunity to… 
let us take the time to remember those heroic souls who stood up for our country, those who lost their lives, and t… 
today, i met with commissioner  of  to discuss compounding, the new drug approval process for n… 
it was great speaking to the robins air force base and community partners this morning. robins afb is an essential… 
open enrollment for the aca health insurance marketplace ends december . next friday is the last day to… 
congrats to , , and crisp county school system for being named the innovation fund im… 
important open enrollment facts:  start- november   end- december   #getcovered  need more information:… 
on this thanksgiving day, i am thankful for my family, friends, staff, &amp; the opportunity to serve the wonderful con… 
congratulations to all our schools in the nd congressional district who were recognized as ga’s  single statew… 
thank you to ms. katelynn destefano and  for inviting me to speak with them this morning about governm… 
our obligation is not just to our veterans, but to their families who have faced the unique demands of the military… 
i was pleased to deliver the keynote address at the job corps leadership summit yesterday. 
fact: many people who signed up to #getcovered for  only paid $-$/month in premiums.… 
 : welcoming  and  to the #bsfsurvey launch and reception. 
 : together, we can move the needle for military families! thank you to the co-chairs of the congressional military family…
on november , secretary perdue designated  counties affected by hurricane irma as primary natural disaster area… 
tonight i will join my fellow co-chair on the congressional military family caucus,  , at the… 
on today, the  celebrates its nd birthday! i say with great pride, happy birthday marines!  
during world wars i and ii, native american soldiers, sailors and marines, also known as code talkers, developed a… 
i was honored to attend the medal of honor ceremony for the five courageous uscp officers who risked their lives to… 
fact: -in- people who signed up to #getcovered for  received financial help.  open enrollment for  ends… 
i led  of my colleagues in writing a letter to u.s. secretary of labor acosta, which successfully reversed propo… 
 : . on #taxreform: “we would like not to have middle class taxpayers have to absorb a greater burden in order to gi…
this year’s diwali on the hill was an enlightening experience! i am honored to have been able to celebrate the holi… 
it was an honor to speak to veterans, service members, and cadets at the national infantry museum yesterday.  i was honored to address the  graduation class at clemson university, and i’ve been deeply saddened to learn of… 
after this week’s hateful and bigoted acts of violence, we need common sense gun violence prevention policies and l… 
clyburn,  announce major legislation to fight #poverty in america; new report details success of --… 
house will pass $.b disaster recovery funding tomorrow to help nc and sc rebuild from hurricane florence.  i wrot… 
for assistance with evacuation routes, please call the scdot call center -go-scdot (--).
please review south carolina’s hurricane guide for information to prepare for hurricane florence .
for any questions or assistance relating to hurricane florence, please contact the south carolina emergency managem… 
today, south carolina will begin a mandatory evacuation in evacuation zones in horry, georgetown, charleston, dorch… 
the trump admin has declined to defend the affordable care act in court, and the case will likely end up in the sup… 
i enjoyed my time at the  facility last week. their $ million investment in south carolina has been an… 
more good news for sc!  approved nearly $m to extend water service from the lake marion regional water syst… 
i will keep fighting in congress for this important funding to preserve and protect all of the cherished historical… 
. today announced first round of historic preservation grants for hbcus since . included are $… 
i’m proud that this community will now have the educational facilities they deserve.  all of south carolina’s rural… 
i’m thrilled to announce that last week denmark-olar school district two closed on $ million in financing from… 
i'm deeply saddened by the news that  has died. not only was she the biggest artist of our time; she… 
otd in , lbj signed the #votingrightsact into law. congress needs to #restorethevra to secure the right of all… 
deeply saddened to learn of the passing of my good friend ron dellums. he lived a full, rich life, and showed the w… 
#goptaxscam projected to cost , #affordablehousing units &amp; , related jobs. my bill with  wou… 
#gop appallingly taxed charities &amp; places of worship to help pay for their massive giveaway to large corporations &amp;… 
thanks dr.  for testifying at the hearing and to my colleague  for his support.  we need a n… 
i testified this week before  committee on behalf of h.r. , my bill to expand the ,… 
otd in , frederick douglass attended women’s rights convention at seneca falls. later that year, he wrote: “...… 
congress must take bipartisan action to pass tough sanctions against the russian regime, and russia should extradit… 
trump’s denial of the demonstrated fact that russia attacked american democracy in  is beyond disgraceful.  hou… 
#sc among  most vulnerable states for election security according to new  report. with voting machin… 
the problem w/ ’s #betteroffnow slogan is that the wealthiest few were already #betteroff.  after the… 
congrats to st. johns fire &amp; rescue department for receiving a $, grant through the assistance to firefighter… 
"the greatness of america is built upon the goodness of americans."  here's my interview with 's . 
. have #abetterdeal for our democracy including () strengthening ethics laws () campaign finance r… 
 have #abetterdeal for our democracy including () strengthening ethics laws () campaign finance re… 
in the  yrs since #scotus gutted the vra, states have made it harder for millions of americans to vote. russia att… 
this tax scam bill represents a grotesque set of priorities revealing deep depravity of american values. history wi… 
 months ago, republicans enacted the ryan/mcconnell tax scam. i said at the time on the floor of the house that th… 
taking innocent children from the arms of their parents at the border is wrong. i'm proud to join ,… 
otd june , in , enslaved african americans in galveston, texas became the last individuals to receive news of… 
looking forward to seeing you at tonight's town hall discussion. 
as we mark the third anniversary of the charleston massacre and grieve for the lives lost, congress must pass my bi… 
 : i enjoyed spending time on capitol hill with our board of visitors and  discussing issues important to #clem…
last night the house passed the wrda bill increasing authorization for the lake marion regional water system by alm… 
americans deserve #abetterdeal on their taxes. click here to read my newsletter  #goptaxscam 
great meeting this morning with presiding bishop micheal b. curry of . on behalf of the democratic… 
happy to welcome presiding bishop michael b. curry of  to capitol hill. i'm looking forward to meet… 
many thanks to ,  and the staff for their help on this report:  on the #goptaxscam
it will harm many homeowners in south carolina and make our affordable housing crisis exponentially worse.… 
this new report clearly shows the republican tax law is really a tax scam.  #goptaxscam (/)
the fact of the matter is the republican tax bill is a massive windfall for the wealthiest few at the expense of wo… 
the crisis of gun violence in america has gone on for far too long. congress needs to pass common sense gun violenc… 
proud of my colleagues for stopping the #gopfarmbill, which just failed in the house  to . i hope the #gop wi… 
#protectsnap #handsoffsnap #gopfarmbill #snap 
thanks to my friend  for offering our amendment to provide legal representation to those facing evic… 
appreciate  for taking the time to meet with    and i on #tech, c… 
thank you for joining today's tweetstorm      let's con… 
#nohousefarmbill #protectsnap #handsoffsnap #snap #gopfarmbill 
#gopfarmbill #protectsnap #handsoffsnap #nohousefarmbill 
#protectsnap #nohousefarmbill #handsoffsnap #snap #gopfarmbill 
as people of faith, we have a duty to love thy neighbors and be a voice for the voiceless, which is why i stand aga… 
cuts to #snap would be devastating to low income families and many rural groceries and farmers markets. the… 
#gopfarmbill will harm grandparents, victims of domestic violence, and families that need help collecting child sup… 
#handsoffsnap #protectsnap #nohousefarmbill 
#gopfarmbill cruelly removes hundreds of thousands from #snap &amp; forces millions more to struggle to put food on the… 
#protectsnap #handsoffsnap #gopfarmbill 
service to the poor and neediest among us appears in one form or another in every manner of faith. that’s why i’m l… 
the #gop puts the interests of the wealthy ahead of working families with partisan tax &amp; farm bills.… 
happening now! #protectsnap #handsoffsnap #nohousefarmbill 
today: #protectsnap #handsoffsnap #nohousefarmbill #gopfarmbill 
happy to join my colleagues and friends , ,  and  at the  receptio… 
trump's withdrawal from the iran deal erodes u.s. credibility. if iran is honoring its commitments, we need to keep… 
congratulations to mayor  as he becomes the th president of the united states conference of mayors today!  
the bill would also create an affiliated national network of sites from the reconstruction period. thanks to… 
introduced h.r.  with my colleague  to expand the reconstruction era national monument in beaufort… 
i’m looking forward to speaking at 's national convention.  click here for more information:… 
in my december floor speech in opposition to the #goptaxscam, i called it "the republican donor-class relief act."… 
after exploding the debt by nearly $ trillion with their #goptaxscam, republicans are intent on using a radical “b… 
pleased to welcome these south carolinians to washington during the national  conference. i congratulate them on… 
congress continued to perfect the cra over many years. today, we celebrate the th anniversary of the… 
i have often asked folks hailing the “civil rights act” as a model of legislative perfection, “which one?” the ’… 
proud to announce $m of additional funding for disaster mitigation in south carolina, more here: 
today is #equalpayday. let’s #closethegap. 
despite the president's proposed cuts, dems also won major increases in funding for nih, cdc &amp; community health ctr… 
despite republicans allowing them to go w/o funding for  mos, democrats won a  yr extension of chip, an increase… 
two days ago we marked the th anniversary of king's death. let us remember his words "of all the forms of inequal… 
otd  years ago, dr. king was killed in memphis. meeting him with my fellow leaders of #sncc transformed my life b… 
icymi: my op-ed entitled bethune is making history 
i am saddened to hear of the passing of linda brown. as a grade school student at the center of the monumental… 
it's #diabetesalertday! #dyk that  million americans have #prediabetes &amp; afams are almost twice as likely to be d… 
we still face dr. king's question #chaosorcommunity? trump’s budget cuts would have sowed chaos, but the bipartisan… 
the affordable care act was signed into law eight years ago today! i have often said the #aca is the civil rights a… 
congratulations to  for achieving gender &amp; racial #payequity. i join w/ your , #sc employees, includi… 
otd in , two weeks after #bloodysunday, my colleague and dear friend  started his march from… 
i'm shocked and saddened to learn the news of the passing of my dear friend and colleague , a fierc… 
 founded otd  yrs ago. as your #sc  representative, i have the privilege of nominating a limite… 
this is #publicschoolsweek and i want to thank all of our public educators for all of their hard work. as a former… 
today marks one month since the deadliest high school shooting in america. i join students nationwide in pausing fo… 
great meeting with #kappaalphapsi grand polemarch thomas l. battles, jr. 
good news! $.m tiger for dorchester county, #sc will improve . mile stretch of us bt summerville &amp; st. geor… 
 : bloody sunday isn't just a commemorative anniversary, it's an opportunity to grow. here's what i think we can learn: ht…
congratulations  on winning your fouh consecutive sec tournament title! no other team in sec history… 
today: republicans busted those spending caps &amp; gleefully celebrated adding $. trillion to the deficit for massiv… 
#tbt to otd  yrs ago: $. trillion in blunt, across-the-board spending cuts went into effect. republicans “cared”… 
this #blackhistorymonth has been a time for reflection and rededication.  #bhm shows the next generation of leaders… 
icymi, here's my floor speech:   (/)
house republicans voted twice today to block consideration of my bill to close the #charleston loophole, but i will… 
privileged resolution filed tonight in the house to bring up common sense #gunreform, including my bill to close the charleston loophole
congratulations  on an exciting #winterolympics finish &amp; a special thanks to summerville, sc native, briaun… 
so pleased to welcome poet laureate #tracyksmith to #southcarolina today. we had a great turnout in lake city. look… 
for the nd year in a row, trump's #budget proposes to eliminate all funding for rural water and wastewater grants.… 
i was a  yr old student  in  when i was arrested for protesting segregation. these #parkland stud… 
 : special thanks to both  and  dr. donaldson for sharing their perspectives on diversity and inclusion durin…
#tracyksmith and i hope to see you there! 
rep. george w. murray served the st and th districts of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
rep. thomas e. miller served the th district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
rep. robert smalls served the th district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
rep. alonzo j. ransier served the nd district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
rep. richard h. cain served an at-large district in #sc from  to  and the nd district from  to .… 
rep. robert brown elliott served the rd district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
rep. robert carlos de large served the nd district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
rep. joseph h. rainey served the st district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
i’m the ninth african american to represent #sc in the u.s. congress. this #blackhistorymonth, i honor the eight th… 
rep. alonzo j. ransier served the nd district of #sc from  to . #blackhistorymonth #tbt (/) 
#withabuckfiftyaweek my constituents can’t even get a gallon of gas for the drive home. #goptaxscam 
paging : my constituents can’t buy any of these basics at the food lion in columbia, #sc… 
congratulations to native south carolinian  for his historic portrayal of king t’challa in the firs… 
it was great to meet with lt. gen. bruce crawford, army chief information officer from columbia #sc and… 
as a father and a grandfather, my heart goes out to all the victims of yesterday's gun violence and their families.… 
i join in celebrating the  on this th anniversary of its founding. their nonpartisan work to register voters,… 
the  was founded otd  yrs ago. its mission "to ensure political, educational, social &amp; economic equality o… 
 have a #abetterdeal to #rebuildamerica that would invest $t, create #millionsofjobs, upgrade our r… 
 promised $.t, but his #infrastructurescam seeks just $b/yr to sell off our public roads and br… 
otd in , law enforcement officers opened fire on students on the front lawn of , my alma mater.  w… 
i will oppose today’s fifth short-term, stopgap spending bill because it fails to meet the needs of america’s worki… 
∙   would "love to see a shutdown"  ∙   controls the house  ∙   controls t… 
on this th anniversary, we ought to expand fmla to offer every hardworking american family some form of paid medical leave. #fmla (/)
the family &amp; medical leave act was signed otd  yrs ago; has provided &gt;m americans opportunity to take time off… 
#blackhistorymonth is a time for reflection and resolve. i urge all my fellow americans to reflect on our long and… 
my thoughts and prayers go out to my republican colleagues and the other victims of today’s train accident, as well as their families.
standing in solidarity with the people of "s-hole" countries. #stateoftheunion 
 : the state of the union: trump and race:  hosts a special conversation with congressional black caucus members …
 : thank you  and congressman  for your support of horton's kids and visiting us for an hour of code! h…
let’s break our silence!  watch my full interview today with  on . 
 : cbc chairman : "'s 'shithole' comments are further proof that his make america great again age…
if the president will not change course, congress should act swiftly to block this dangerous expansion of offshore drilling. /
tourism is our state’s no.  industry, and we cannot afford to risk destroying our beaches and coastal environments.  /
i have always staunchly opposed offshore drilling along south carolina’s coast.  /
 : . must stop  efforts to hinder or end the investigation of russia’s meddling in our elections. read m…
it is shameful that  added $. trillion to the deficit to pass their #goptaxscam, but can’t fully fund chip &amp;… 
i voted no on the republican’s -wk government funding bill bc it’s irresponsible to go home w/o reauthorizing the… 
as republicans celebrate giving massive tax cuts to corporations &amp; the rich,  million children are at risk of losi… 
the ryan/mcconnell tax bill should be named, “the republican donor-class relief act.” read my full statement here,… 
i secured $. million in federal funds which will revamp one of the state’s most dangerous intersections. (/)
proud to be in orangeburg for the groundbreaking of the zan street safety enhancement project.  (/)
 : #thisisit: today is your last chance to sign up for affordable  health coverage. go to  and…
 : today is the last day of open enrollment. please visit  if you have not already done so and review y…
two days left to #getcovered at .  discounts and subsidies are still in place and may be better than… 
 : need more evidence that the #goptaxscam is about giving the rich a tax cut? because republicans are serving it up on a…
 if you agree that middle class families shouldn’t suffer while the millionaires &amp; billionaires are given more tax breaks. #goptaxscam
there are just five days left to #getcovered at . find a plan that works for you and your fa… 
people of faith want all #soulsenroll in health coverage! there is one week left in open enrollment. 
 : op-ed: don’t delay, sign-up for affordable healthcare today     …
 : .’s attempt to eviscerate bears ears will break the promise to tribes – and to the american people – that,…
this is inaccurate in many regards. that discussion had nothing to with conyers. 
congress must streamline the process, protect victims that wish to be protected, and ensure all allegations of wron… 
the house ethics committee should conduct a prompt, deliberate and thorough investigation. (/)
the allegations against congressman john conyers are very disturbing, and i am aware he has emphatically denied them. (/)
sexual harassment is a very serious matter and cannot be tolerated. (/)
 : this is the #goptaxscam: 💰billionaires get a tax break ❌ hard-working families get a tax hike   that’s not how it’s supp…
mr. speaker, paying for pass-through gimmicks and tax giveaways to multi-millionaires by raising taxes on moderate… 
in case you missed the faith and congressional leaders  press conference on #aca open enrollment, watc… 
as a past recipient of the 's liberty &amp; justice for all award, i'm looking forward to tonight's annua… 
 : despite the gop’s lack of outreach, the affordable care act is still thriving. don’t forget you have until dec.  to enro…
#soulsenroll #soulstoenroll #getcovered #acaworks #openenrollment 
it was great to join  and  at the  annual legislative &amp; policy conference this m… 
#openenrollment has started. #getcovered today! #acaworks #soulsenroll #soulstoenroll 
watch live now at  
 : tune in live. starting soon. #soulstoenroll #soulsenroll 
tune in live. starting soon. #soulstoenroll #soulsenroll 
#soulsenroll #soulstoenroll #getcovered #acaworks 

 million americans will see a tax increase under the #gopbudget tax framework. gop, is that #fairertaxes? 
i stand in opposition to this unfair, immoral #gopbudget. 
 : this is just a photo op. : if you care about minority businesses, why does your budget propose to eliminat…
i'm in full support of my colleague . 
pleased to speak at 's  today. 
 : today: we're hosting the third-ranking member of the u.s. house democratic leadership, rep . learn more:  https:/…
looking forward to speaking at the dean’s distinguished lecture luncheon at  tomorrow at .
excited to keynote the th annual opening lecture for ’s center for african american studies tonight. 
 : read the congressional black caucus’ letter to the nfl about police brutality  via 
instead of the republicans terrible #gopbudget, we need smart investments to grow the economy and target funding where it is needed most.
republicans’ immoral budget = reverse robin hood – robbing from hardworking americans to provide tax cuts for the rich.
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the las vegas shooting. congress needs to pass common sense reform of our gun laws.
the collapse of latest version of #trumpcare is welcome news. we need bipartisan effort to repair #aca and help people enroll come nov 
fight to #protectourcare! (/)
newest version of #trumpcare would terminate #medicaid for millions eliminate thousands of jobs &amp; decimate hundreds of rural hospitals (/)
 : america is true to its values when we #protectdreamers. , the #dreamact is what our country deserves. we must pass…
., ,  &amp;  were denied a vote on amendments to protect the #johnsonamendment.  (/)
, faith leaders; , nonprofits;  religious orgs &amp; the public wants to keep #johnsonamendment strong:  (/)
today, the  will vote on an appropriations bill that weakens the #johnsonamendment. (/)
the #johnsonamendment protects the integrity of houses of worship &amp; other charitable organizations:  (/)
it's my #twitterversary! i have been on twitter for  years (since  sep ). and you? 
we can never let injustice win. congress must pass the dream act now and #protectdreamers! our hearts break again, and our prayers are with the families of the victims, the synagogue community, and the law enforcement community.
synagogues are holy places of worship &amp; today’s attack is especially shocking because the tree of life in pittsburg… 
 : news: i've introduced bipartisan legislation to prohibit all weapons sales and military aid to the government of #saudiara…
are you a  member? if so, it’s time to renew your health insurance coverage for . free in-person help… 
congress should pass my legislation, the presidential tax transparency act to require the president to release his… 
the american people have no way of knowing the magnitude this loophole represents to the president without the release of his tax returns.
president trump has more conflicts of interest than any president in our history. according to his candidate filing… 
a new report from the citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington (crew) shows that a loophole in the repu… 
we must end discrimination against lgbtq individuals in employment, housing and education. i’m committed to achievi… 
i’m so proud to have earned a % score from the human rights campaign on their scorecard for the th congress.… 
the science is clear. we must enact policies to protect our planet from the existential threat of climate change, i… 
in it they warned that by ,  million people will be displaced by rising sea levels,  million people will e… 
last week, the u.n. released a gripping report about climate change. 
the growing federal deficit threatens funding for vital programs that keep us healthy and safe, and adds to the nat… 
the treasury dept just reported that the federal budget deficit grew to an astounding $ billion in fy, an in… 
 : that is why i introduced a bill with  that will require us to treat election day as a holiday.
 : national voter turnout has declined since , reaching its lowest level since world war ii. that must change.
i’m proud that the know the cost act, legislation i introduced with  colleagues to eliminate gag clauses was signe… 
‘gag clauses’ prohibit pharmacists from telling patients when they can pay less for their prescriptions by paying o… 
our country’s immigration policies should reflect our values. instead, this rule punishes those who are trying to pursue the american dream.
the rule is designed to clearly disallow immigrants from seeking the health care &amp; food assistance they &amp; their fam… 
the trump administration has proposed yet another cruel rule that restricts immigrants’ access to green cards if th… 
the th annual  is underway and i’m inviting high school students in the th congressional distric… 
the right to vote is fundamental in our democracy and our legislation gives more americans the time they need to pa… 
this op-ed written by my constituents argues that all americans should have an equal opportunity to vote on electio… 
sakshi was recognized for her superb work creating a curriculum, website, and series of documentary films to educat… 
as a former girl scout and brownie, i’m exceedingly proud of my constituent, sakshi satpathy, who was awarded the n… 
these immigrants would face serious threats to their personal safety if they return to their home countries, but… 
this week, u.s. district judge edward chen ruled that more than , immigrants from sudan, nicaragua, haiti and… 
 : update  expresses concerns about 's #kavanaughinvestigation  
 : 📳 today (/): at : pm edt, we will be testing the wireless emergency alert system nationwide. expect a message box on your p…
 : 📳tomorrow (wednesday) /: expect to get a test emergency alert message on your phone at : pm edt.   you’ll hear a loud tone…
 :  and  appoint  and  to lead the  congressional app challenge! c…
the shooting was so deadly because the shooter modified his rifles with bump stocks, allowing him to fire hundreds… 
in the year since that horrific event, congress has failed miserably by not passing any legislation to address gun… 
today marks the one-year anniversary of the las vegas shooting, the deadliest mass shooting in american history, cl… 
this is an assault on the middle class and the , of my constituents who deducted an average of $, in … 
after bulldozing the state and local tax (salt) deduction last year by capping it at $, annually, house republ… 
 : congressman donald mceachin () and congresswoman anna eshoo () want election day to be a national h…
i'm exceedingly proud of my constituent, dr. christine blasey ford for her moving, honest and credible testimony be… 
 at a time when our democracy is under threat from foreign governments and many states are restricting… 
 the right to vote is fundamental in our democracy, yet u.s. voter turnout is consistently among the lo… 
today  and i introduced the election day holiday act, legislation that will make election day a federal holiday.
 : today:    🇺🇸 don't miss america's premier public affairs program this morning  https…
 : "she's asking not for less scrutiny, but for more." -- rep. anna eshoo (d-ca), describing why she supports christine blasey…
 : tune in to  at  a.m. et:  rep. anna eshoo sits down with  to discuss being the first lawmaker to hear abou…
 : . on her meeting with #brettkavanaugh accuser dr. christine blasey ford: “it was difficult for her to ret…
 : coming up at : pt live on : the latest on #brettkavanuagh and #christineblaseyford with 
yesterday’s surprising ruling by scotus eliminates a glaring loophole that allows wealthy and influential donors to… 
the proliferation of “dark money” in american politics has distorted our elections and had a corrosive effect on ou… 
i wish all my constituents observing yom kippur a peaceful day of spiritual reflection. may this sacred day for the… 
 : rep. anna eshoo, who was first approached by supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh’s accuser over the summer, tells …
 : . says she believes dr. christine blasey ford &amp; her allegation against brett kavanaugh #hardball
 : today's  report guest, , helped bring the #kavanaugh sexual misconduct allegation to light. 🔊hear firsth…
 : "she was worried about her family." california rep. anna eshoo says brett kavanaugh's accuser christine blasey ford came to he…
 : tonight on #hardball: we'll speak to ,  &amp;  about the allegation of sexual assault against sup…
 with voting rights under attack, big money influencing politics, &amp; rampant conflicts of interest among… 
i’m so proud to have earned a score of  percent from the   democracy scorecard. 
most offensively, the new tax cut package makes the $, annual cap on the state and local tax (salt) deductions… 
this is on top of the $. trillion in tax cuts for the wealthiest and for corporations that republicans rushed thr… 
📢house republicans just introduced legislation to make last year’s personal income tax cuts permanent, adding $… 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
today marks the th anniversary of the horrific / attacks that claimed the lives of nearly , americans. on… 
as the jewish new year celebration of rosh hashanah begins, i wish all my constituents celebrating shana tova. may… 
 : please share:  nationwide wireless emergency alert test september ,  : pm edt  your phone will buzz loudly with a…
 : good news. working on similar bipartisan legislation with  in the house.  more:  ht…
 : . said the new  technology, known as positive train control, is a "game changer" in railway safet…
our fellow americans who have pre-existing health conditions should not be denied coverage because of their medical… 
i’ve joined  colleagues on a resolution directing the house to intervene in the lawsuit and defend the constituti… 
if the lawsuit is successful, health insurers will be able to deny coverage to individuals with pre-existing condit… 
oral arguments begin today in the republican-led lawsuit to eliminate the aca's protections for people with pre-exi… 
i applaud the lawmakers in my home state for working to restore strong #netneutrality protections. 
californians were handed a major victory when our state legislature passed the ‘gold standard’ of #netneutrality le… 
on #laborday, let’s pause to appreciate the extraordinary contributions that workers have made to our country and r… 
the president of the american academy of pediatricians has called this policy “government-sanctioned child abuse.”… 
our letter expresses our deep concerns that these children could face severe physical and emotional health consequences.
this week i joined over  house colleagues in writing to dhs urging them to immediately reunify the remaining … 
 : . and  urge fcc to investigate verizon's throttling of california firefighters,  repor…
 : as the firefighters of  fought the #wildfires in #ca, verizon throttled their data. we can’t trust internet pro…
 : august recess is coming to an end — all month, reps have heard from constituents, urging them to sign the cra discharge…
 : outside washington, #netneutrality. is. not. a. paisan issue. polling consistently shows the public *overwhelmingly*…
i’m proud to be an original cosponsor of the congressional review act, ’s legislation that can overt… 
 : members of congress head back to washington next week, and bringing back #netneutrality must be one of our top priorit…
 :   in , the  voted to eviscerate #netneutrality. since then, consumer advocates, tech companies, sma…
 : proud to be standing with  and  as we work to restore a free and open internet for all. https://t.…
 : in amicus on #netneutrality,  &amp;  and  other members of congress present powerful and irrefutable evid…
 : + lawmakers just joined me and  in legally challenging the ’s repeal of #netneutrality. ajit pai is wagi…
 : led by , i joined my colleagues in filing an amicus brief to overturn the fcc’s repeal of #netneutrality. the…
 today my house democratic colleagues and i told secretary devos to reject the absurd notion that arming te… 
 more guns in schools is not the answer. we need stronger background checks and reforms to ban assault weap… 
last week the  reported that secretary of education betsy devos is considering a proposal to allow schools… 
  read more about the amicus brief here: 
  in , the  voted to eviscerate #netneutrality. since then, consumer advocates, tech companie… 
new: today  and i led over  members of congress in filing an amicus brief to overturn the 's recen… 
 : that’s why yesterday,  and i led  senators and  house members in filing an amicus brief supporting the  a…
on this women’s equality day, let’s recommit ourselves to the fight to enshrine the era in the constitution, guaran… 
today is women’s equality day, a celebration of the gains women have made in american society and a reminder of the… 
read more about the letter here: 
the ftc must investigate whether verizon &amp; other companies are being unfair or deceptive in the services they’re of… 
new: i sent a letter today with  and  northern california members to the federal trade commission (ft… 
 : update: our detectives continue to actively investigate the disappearance of -year-old wamaitha kaboga-miller. there…
#netneutrality is especially important to the success of startups because it protects their online content from bei… 
as the representative of a vibrant community of startups in silicon valley, i support expanding access to broadband… 
this is startup week across america, a time to celebrate the entrepreneurs and  risk-takers who drive innovation an… 
congress must move quickly to protect the special counsel from any obstruction so the american people get the full… 
in the face of mounting criminal evidence against the president and his inner circle, the likelihood the president… 
there are few comparable moments in our nation’s history to yesterday’s simultaneous conviction of the president’s… 
to read more about the social security  act, click here: 
i’m proud to be an original cosponsor of the social security  act which cuts taxes on middle class beneficiarie… 
social security has provided an unbroken promise of financial security to millions of americans,including more than… 
 years ago today, president franklin roosevelt signed the social security act into law, creating our nation’s mos… 
in a democracy, there should be many voices to the many, not fewer and i'm glad that this mega-merger is dead. 
the collapse of this merger is a huge win for consumers. if approved, sinclair would have controlled  percent of… 
as other countries focus on increasing fuel efficiency and reducing emissions, the president is surrendering americ… 
the administration’s plan to weaken fuel economy standards and deny california the right to set our own standards w… 
i’m a proud to be an original cosponsor of the voting rights advancement act which restores the law because the rig… 
in , the supreme court gutted the law, allowing states with a history of discrimination to restrict voting righ… 
on this day in , president johnson signed the #votingrightsact into law, prohibiting literacy tests, racial ger… 
 : america needs more solutions, not pollution. trump’s rollback of existing federal clean air standards will cost the u.s.…
 : once again,  is sabotaging the #aca and putting people with pre-existing conditions at risk. these ‘short-term pl…
 : my letter with  colleagues: we call on the trump administration to stop placing the interests of the $ billion formula…
new: i'm leading a letter with  and  and  of our colleagues demanding the irs and fec… 
i salute the service of all our military and i’m proud of transgender americans for their dedicated service. we sho… 
thankfully, two federal judges issued injunctions allowing transgender americans to continue to serve, but the perm… 
a year ago today the president demeaned and degraded the patriotic service of many members of our nation’s armed fo… 
 : thank you  for meeting with our summer interns yesterday to discuss us armenia relations and armenian iss…
i oppose judge kavanaugh’s nomination and should he be confirmed, i will fight for legislation that protects a woma… 
the president explicitly pledged to appoint justices who will overturn roe v. wade, and his nomination of judge kav… 
roe v. wade recognizes that the decision to opt for or against an abortion is a difficult and private one, implicat… 
 : so special to have california lieutenant governor (&amp; former sf mayor) gavin newsom join us for today’s california democrat…
i’m proud to be an original cosponsor of the raise the wage act which gradually increases the hourly federal minimu… 
nine years ago today was the last time congress raised the federal minimum wage. today, millions of americans are s… 
 : rm , , , , and  to trump: no russian interrogati…
 : #thursdaythoughts if % of americans support #netneutrality, why do we only have  signatures on the discharge petit…
 : i'd like to thank  &amp; my colleagues at  for their attention to this issue. i cannot emphasize e…
former ambassador michael mcfaul is a patriot who served the united states with honor and distinction. our diplomat… 
by refusing to denounce and immediately reject russia’s request to interrogate a former u.s. ambassador, donald tru… 
 : strengthening our country’s preparedness &amp; response efforts for #publichealth emergencies is critically important. i'm pr…
 : it’s congress’ duty to provide a check on abusive power – it’s long past time to hold a hearing on family separation. #…
now the agency must address the fallout of this crisis by reuniting these families, and while hhs was not responsib… 
when the president announced his policy that has separated nearly , children from their families, hhs was thrus… 
i cosponsored a resolution this week requiring hhs to provide congress with copies of all documents related to the… 
the peace corps is an essential component of america's engagement with nations around the globe and it’s needed now… 
i’m very pleased that the house passed the sam farr and nick castle peace corps enhancement act which raises pay fo… 
as the proud mother of a former peace corps volunteer, i know how hard they work to make a positive impact each and every day.
on this anniversary, let’s reappreciate the th amendment, and recommit ourselves to working to promote equality and justice in america.
the th amendment guarantees full citizenship, due process and “equal protection of the laws” to all americans &amp; h… 
today marks the th anniversary of the ratification of the th amendment to the constitution which enshrined our… 
good riddance.
during his tenure at epa, scott pruitt put the interests of polluters &amp; industry over the health &amp; environment of o… 
as we celebrate our nation’s birthday with family and friends, let’s pause to appreciate the freedoms and blessings… 
this law represents the very best of america: an unwavering commitment to justice, equality and the inalienable rights of all citizens.
on this day in , president johnson signed the civil rights act into law, prohibiting discrimination in employme… 
 :  reflecting on how her mother came to ellis island with her grandmother and the two were separated, says "…
 : thank you , , , , , , , …
 : i led a group of my colleagues in calling for us navy secretary richard spencer to release the navy proposal for detenti…
 years ago we celebrated the landmark scotus ruling in obergefell v. hodges legalizing same-sex marriage in all … 
 : : immigrant detention centers 'a stain on america' 
 : new:  ca members of congress r calling  the  to hand over info on any proposal to house undocumented immigrants  c…
 : . shares what she found deeply troubling during her visit to a texas detention facility where she met immi…
 : .⁦⁩ - we are a nation of laws.  you are violating our laws. we can honor the laws of our country, protect…
 : family separation at the border is causing lasting damage to all of the children involved. an executive order is not enoug…
 : 
 : "we have zero tolerance for what we've just witnessed." watch: california's th congressional district rep. anna eshoo giv…
 : listen:  had some special coverage of the border crisis this afternoon. we heard from  along the texas…
with my colleagues on our way to tour the port isabel ice detention center 
 : on her visit to the detention centers,  says: i can’t help but think, is this the art of the deal? there isn’t…
i am here in mcallen, texas. currently being briefed by border patrol on the president’s zero tolerance policy. 
you can read more about the letter here:  
new: i'm asking  for more information regarding the children placed in the care of hhs as a result of the tr… 
 : "i think what he said is pathetic because he is a master of diversion."  on trump claiming democrats want open b…
heads up: i will be joining  on  at : p.m. est to discuss the president’s inhumane family separation policy.
i hope that my visit to the detention center in texas will bring some solace to the children and families who are b… 
the executive order signed by the president to detain families indefinitely instead of separating them does nothing… 
 : . and  penned a letter to fcc chairman , urging him to wait for a court decision on free…
joining my colleagues now to introduce the #keepfamilestogetheract that will end the president’s inhumane policy of… 
 : thank you  for supporting our #netneutrality bill &amp; recognizing the importance of california passing a stron…
 : the administration’s current family separation policy is an affront to the decency of the american people, and contrary…
as the daughter of immigrants who fled persecution abroad, i’m deeply offended by the administration’s shameful eff… 
our immigration laws provide a special status to refugees because they are fleeing violence and persecution in thei… 
 : . is giving america a false choice. protecting our borders doesn’t mean tearing apart families – and we have…
 : bipartisan group of sens/reps (   ) sent letter to  calling for agenc…
may this joyous day for the muslim community encourage us all to reflect on the important values it represents: com… 
i wish muslims in my district and around the world eid mubarak as they gather to celebrate eid al-fitr and the comp… 
in yet another example of the administration’s sabotage of the aca, i will continue fighting to ensure that those w… 
eviscerating the protections the aca put in place will make it all but impossible for millions of americans who hav… 
last week the administration announced their refusal to defend the aca's protections in court for more than  mil… 
 : today, i am sending a letter co-led by  calling on fcc chairman pai to wait on the courts before the fcc acts…
i’ve signed the discharge petition to have the #dreamact automatically come to the floor of the house for a vote. … 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
 : today, the fcc’s repeal of #netneutrality rules goes into effect, but we’re going to continue to fight to pass legislation…
 : today, the ’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect. access to a free and open internet isn’t a privilege, it’s a…
today is the day when the current #netneutrality protections will cease to exist. i spoke on the floor of the house… 
that's why this lawsuit, the largest congressional lawsuit ever to be brought against a sitting president, is criti… 
the full extent of the benefits that trump is receiving from foreign governments is unknown b/c he has refused to m… 
foreign governments have also granted trump businesses lucrative trademarks that could be worth millions of dollars. #nooneabovethelaw
 public reporting makes it clear that the president has already violated the emoluments clause. for… 
 didn't place his assets in a true blind trust when he took office &amp; instead turned his businesses… 
what is the emoluments clause? article  of the constitution states that any officer of the united states is prohib… 
thread:  i’ve joined  house and senate colleagues in filing a lawsuit against president trump for violating the…  i had a great time speaking and reading to the students. thank you for all that you do to give students an opportun… 
according to section  of the th amendment, "all persons born or naturalized in the united states and subject to… 
we have been talking about coastal protection for years now. i'm glad to see that the army corps of engineers and t… 
thank you to st. hope foundation's president and ceo rodney goddie for giving me a tour of the greenspoint communit… 
open enrollment starts in just a few days! this is the time to #getcovered and choose a plan that works for you. al… 
congrats to  and all  faculty on making this possible! i'm proud to be a courgar. #gocoogs 
. has a record of saying one thing and then doing another. his claims of supporting protections for… 
 : -dems passed obamacare, which includes protections for preexisting conditions -nearly all rs voted to repeal obamacare (no…
“overwhelming evidence shows how medicaid expansion, which began in , has substantially increased health...” 
 : news: government watchdog report finds the trump admin was wholly unprepared to carry out its cruel family separation p…
 : cdc recommends getting a #fluvaccine by the end of october. it’s recommended to get vaccinated before flu begins spreading in y…
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
 : #followfriday to my friend &amp; a leader in the fight to increase access to affordable, quality health care as ranking member o…
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
thank you , , and sallie mae fund for joining us monday night to host our annual paying… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
the trump administration is hurting immigrant families by penalizing those who legally seek a green card or visa an… 
the disease of obesity affects more than  million americans, and more than  percent of americans are affected b… 
 : al concluir este mes de la herencia hispana, reafirmamos nuestros esfuerzos para expandir oportunidades y construir un fut…
 : today,  held their ribbon cutting ceremony for their new facility!  we would like to thank the grand lod…
in #tx, nearly k could be covered. by rejecting medicaid expansion, texas forgoes its citizens’ access to affor… 
according to a new  report,  percent of low-income people in non-medicaid expansion states did not get need… 
 : thank you  for all of your work to support community health workers and to expand access to healthcare. pro…
 : the indefinite detention of minors, in questionable facilities, will negatively impact these kids &amp; is degrading our b…
#icymi, the president signed legislation yesterday that will allow pharmacists to inform a customer about lower, ou… 
 : #breaking! more than  million americans will get a .% increase in monthly #socialsecurity and #ssi benefits in …
today’s .% #cola increase is good news for seniors, survivors &amp; people w/ disabilities who have earned… 
our office received a notice today from  announcing a $. million grant for the city of  to help… 
emergency nurses save lives. join me in thanking these professionals throughout harris county for their work to kee… 
i will continue to oppose any funding for the border wall in congress, which is opposed by a majority of texans for… 
#wrda is a great bill that will help improve flood mitigation and water infrastructure projects targeting low-incom… 
china stopped importing u.s. crude in september, and there's no telling when they will stop importing u.s. #lng if… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
texas, today is the last day you can register to vote!   you can check if you're registered and register for the fi… 
one year ago, the trump administration decided to withdraw the u.s. from the clean power plan. we must do more as a… 
i am hopeful to find support in congress to reduce or completely eliminate the use of corn-based ethanol in the… 
i have long opposed adoption of #e, and i oppose this decision by the administration. the u.s. is on track to be… 
 : i'm proud  visited the lbj school last week as part of my dean's distinguished leaders series. he has served…
 : game  w.  #astroswin -! 
thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak with y'all today! 
 : the first republican tax bill was a hit-and-run job. with this second tax bill, republicans backed up and ran over wor…
 : "texas is one of  states that hasn’t expanded medicaid and isn’t considering it, according to . an estimated…
the comprehensive opioids recovery centers act that i introduced was included in the package. our legislation will… 
congress has worked on this package for some time now. after negotiations between republicans and democrats, both c… 
are you registered to vote? the last day for texans is october . remember, your vote is your voice, visit… 
 : new dhs report confirms horrifying details about family separations we reported this summer:  - kids in cages for days -…
whether you’re a citizen or immigrant, in a blended family or multi-generational family – your contributions are pa… 
 : consumers beware! junk health insurance plans are now more widely available as part of the trump admin’s ongoing attack…
now, doctors and patients can find relief knowing that regulatory burdens have been reduced and there’s access to n… 
the adapt act was included in the final passage of the st century cures act and signed into law by president obam… 
public health experts have raised alarm about the increase of “superbugs,” or antibiotic-resistant infections, as a… 
congratulations to dr. allison from  for winning the  nobel prize in medicine! his… 
i had the pleasure of participating in the opening of the  east aldine campus and presenting a flag tha… 
icymi: on friday, the house passed a bipartisan package to combat the opioid crisis. i'm proud to mention that my b… 
 : trump's policies impact immigrant women, especially domestic violence victims, particularly hard -  https://t…
the trump administration expects a rise of  degrees by  but doesn’t think we need to do anything about global… 
 : this week's #kavanaugh hearing sparked an important national conversation about sexual assault but also unearthed pain…
after negotiations over the last few weeks between the house and senate, the senate is expected to pass the package… 
overall, h.r.  is a great first step to protect americans from opioid addiction and to help americans suffering fr… 
in its final passage, the comprehensive opioid recovery centers (corc) act was also included, a bill i introduced w… 
today, the house of representatives passed h.r. , the suppo for patients and communities act, with bipartisan su… 
it's unfortunate that the republican majority continues their #goptaxscam with their . version that will give the… 
this is another step by the trump administration to restrict immigration into the country. this must stop. in houst… 
i am deeply saddened by the administration’s constant disregard for children and families. the  proposed a p… 
congratulations to the ! 
history has shown us that infectious diseases don’t stop at borders and can only be addressed effectively on a glob… 
prior to the #un meeting, i sent a letter to  urging american engagement and leadership on tb at th… 
i’m thrilled that the  held its first ever high-level meeting on the global fight against #tuberculosis, commonl… 
only  percent of texas mothers received prenatal care during the first trimester in  – short of the  percen… 
last year, i introduced the incentivizing medicaid expansion act, h.r. , in order to incentivize states to prov… 
while the bill is an important first step, the reality is that nearly one in seven women of childbearing age in the… 
during the hearing, rep. jaime herrera beutler (r-wa) and rep. dianna degette (d-co) offered their discussion draft… 
 : thx you  #subhealth   for today’s hearing on hr combating maternal mortality #…
happening now: the  subcommittee on health is meeting to discuss how we can improve the outcomes of… 
., i appreciate the invitation to commemorate an elm tree for former president , an hon… 
last night the house passed legislation that's in the best interest of consumers. gag clauses can put families in a… 
 : back to back al west champs!  #neversettle 
 : honor to be in d.c. to celebrate career of gene &amp; helen green. many staff members started out w/ gene &amp; were allowed to grow…
happy birthday to my colleague from el paso ! thank you for your work on veterans and military issue… 
 : there's a lot at stake this november. if we stay home, critical issues that affect our families and communities get igno…
.: creating unnecessary barriers to the ballot box, such as burdensome voter id laws, diminishes the voti… 
are you registered to vote? visit  to register before registration ends october ! #tx… 
 : right now, president trump and his republican enablers are working to erode protections for patients with pre-existing…
 : 🚨🚨 hurricane season isn't over until november  🚨🚨 now is the time to prepare: 📋 make a plan 📦 build a kit 📺 stay infor…
 : it might be fall, but in houston, it still "feels like summer." thanks for the kind words,  -- we hope you e…
let us take a moment to honor the lives of our men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our country… 
 : we are turning dirt for the ⁦⁩ cosmetology / culinary center. we appreciate ⁦⁩ showing up in the rai…
the opening of the mason park bridge connecting both sides of the brays bayou will be great for children who need a… 
president trump’s tactics to negotiate trade deals with china is not working. #lng production in texas has increase… 
icymi: our bill was signed into law earlier this week. 
earlier this morning i stopped by gallegos elementary in the east end to read my favorite book "house mouse, senate… 
icymi: texas still has the highest uninsured rate at .%, according to . this is up from .% las… 
did you make it to our northside job fair monday? we had a great turnout with over  individuals and  companies… 
 : thank you, , for extending the bipartisan chgme program to support pediatricians and the children they ser…
reauthorizing chgme represents a commitment to ensuring that children throughout the country have access to the qua… 
we are getting things done. last night president trump signed our bipartisan bill into law, reauthorizing the child… 
 :  is well represented at congressman gene green's northside job fair happening at m. o. campbell educational center.…
 : our texas ceos had the pleasure of recognizing  for his service and dedication to the people of texas. he cont…
 : today we celebrate  years as the world's greatest #airpower! #birthday #afbday 
today, the house of representatives passed a bipartisan compromise bill that will fund energy and water, the legisl… 
instead of giving folks certainty that they’ll be taken care of when they return to their homes, the administration… 
i’m not surprised that president trump would reallocate money from ’s emergency preparedness budget to enforce… 
 : most americans agree: people with pre-existing conditions should not be denied health insurance.   sadly, republican po…
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
congratulations, ! #istandwithpp 
thank you,  for taking the lead on the resolution. i'm happy to be a cosponsor and and make september "na… 
now is not the time to stay home. get registered. go #vote!   to vote in the upcoming elections you must register b… 
 : texans: it's the perfect time to review with your family what you would do if disaster strikes:  ✅how will i receive emerg…
we are in the midst of hurricane season, and while our friends on the east coast prepare for #florence i want to be… 
 : we honor the memory of all the victims who lost their lives on september th, . this , pound steel beam was pulled f…
we will never forget those brave individuals who lost their lives during the / attacks. their memory will live i… 
 : the texas voter registration deadline is less than a month away! to vote in the november th mid-term election, you mus…
emerging markets within the caribbean, central america, and south america are looking to u.s. #lng to help meet the… 
despite the u.s. being the world’s leading producer of oil and natural gas, american companies are unable to export… 
 : #hisd alum and u.s. congressman gene green is a proud supporter of literacy in our schools, and we're thankful for his supp…
shana tova to the jewish community in #houston. may you have a sweet and fulfilling new year. #roshhashanah 
 : final score presented by :  #htowntakeover , arizona  
 : here. we. go. #htowntakeover 
who’s ready for the  home opener? good luck to   and the cougar football tea… 
today i and a bipartisan group of reps and dems introduced the know the cost act, which will end this practice. sai… 
did you know some pharmacies are restricted from sharing information with patients about lower cost, out-of-pocket… 
 : this is our house! #cougarredfriday 🐾 
in the letter, we suggest alternatives to detention programs with case management services that are cost-efficient,… 
i'm worried about the trauma these children have endured and the behavioral health problems that can develop, which… 
i agree. 
 : numerous physician groups, health care and mental health care experts have expressed grave concern with the inhuman pra…
the u.s. has enough natural gas to meet their energy needs for over a century and soon we will also be a net export… 
included in the legislation is an amendment congressman green introduced that will ensure the department of … 
the house of representatives just passed the ensuring small scale lng certainty and access act (h.r. ), a bipar… 
i’m shocked that it’s my home state taking the lead on this divisive issue when texas still has the highest number… 
yesterday texas attorney general  and more than a dozen republican attorneys general began their case i… 
last friday a federal judge ruled the trump administration must continue to accept daca renewals – at least for now… 
 : save the date: in partnership with workforce solutions and , we invite you to our annual northside job fair. do…
one year ago, president trump terminated daca, which threatened , young texans who are protected by daca. the… 
twitter ceo jack dorsey testified before the  committee today to answer questions about twitter’s me… 
honored to have joined  and other members of congress as a force behind the forces today to assemble care p… 
the trump administration has declined to defend the affordable care act in court, and the case will likely end up i… 
last night the senate passed a bipartisan bill that rep.  and i introduced! the bill extends the ch… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
 : 📸 | the bayou bucket belongs to the #htowntakeover. 
save the date: in partnership with workforce solutions and , we invite you to our annual northside job fa… 
 : happy bihday to us! on this day in  august  augustus chapman allen and john kirby allen proposed the "town of housto…
we need a hearing on 's mismanagement of toxic chemicals as the agency has proposed a rule to expand the use of… 
arming teachers will recklessly endanger the safety of both students and educators. i’m joining  … 
 :  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, and out…
 : measles is a highly contagious disease. it can be serious for young children. protect your child by making sure he or sh…
happy birthday, president johnson! 
the last year has been arduous and at times discouraging, but together as neighbors and texans we prevailed. with m… 
 : for many #houstonians life returned to normal after the floods receded. let us not forget those who are still displace…
earlier this morning i had the opportunity to visit students from st. augustine catholic school and read one of my… 
 : thank you   for being a champion for kids and the #acekidsact. learn more about how this critical bill wil…
 : it's plead, pleaded, pleading. ap style advises against using the colloquial past tense form, pled.
 : #dreamers serve in our military, educate our children, work as doctors &amp; nurses to keep us healthy, &amp; help our economy…
 : a year ago our community endured a devastating storm with hurricane harvey, but together we remained #houstonstrong.  as we t…
 : the new state report on maternal mortality shows there is still a lot of work for the #txlege to do to support maternal he…
have you received your flu shot this season? a simple flu shot can prevent individuals and families from serious il… 
 : working w/ our faith leaders at greater jerusalem mbc to provide eastex-jensen area w/ senior, veterans housing &amp; mix use dev…
 : harris county continues to focus on recovery and resiliency efforts as  hurricane harvey’s first year anniversary approach…
 : sick people with insurance shouldn’t have to skip care because they can’t afford it. health care needs to be more affor…
good luck to every student starting their first day of class at ! #gocoogs
 : thank you  and councilman  for showing your support and dropping by our annual be healthy…
icymi:  and i sent a letter to  urging administrator brock long to extend the #nfip deadline for… 
last year, the  voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now… 
 : the heat is not over 🔥 follow these tips to #beattheheat! ✅ stay hydrated ✅ take a break ✅ cool off ✅ check on your neig…
photos from our rd annual immunization day events at north shore senior high school and ut physicians-jensen earl… 
photo from our rd annual immunization day event at aama learning center. we thank all parents and volunteers who… 
reminder: tomorrow is our rd annual back to school immunization day. school-aged children will receive free vacci… 
join us for our rd annual back to school immunization day this saturday from am to pm. visit my website for th… 
every person living in our country deserves equal representation in congress and fair access to the ballot box.… 
 : the  national preparedness month theme &amp; toolkit is available in english &amp; spanish! #preparenow &amp; share resources today:…
if your daca expired on or after the september ,  you may submit a daca renewal application. apply with uscis… 
president trump’s tactics to negotiate trade deals with china is not working. #lng production in texas has increase… 
 : the time for #hurricaneharvey survivors to file nfip proof of loss claim is just weeks away. the deadline to file for floo…
 :  thank you for hosting your timely town hall conference call to address the disastrous effects of rolling back th…
icymi: last week, the house passed a #bipartisan bill i worked on with rep. . the dr. benjy frances… 
these junk plans will syphon off young, healthy people – damaging the aca marketplaces and leaving everyone else wi… 
the #aca for the first time protected people with pre-existing conditions. now, the administration wants to roll ba… 
 : immunizations are important for the prevention of dangerous diseases and will give your child a healthy start to the new…
last week, energy &amp; commerce committee ranking member  and i sent a letter to chairman … 
 : medicaid expansion under the aca has significantly increased health coverage and access to treatment for people with su…
we had a great turnout saturday at our annual aldine family resource and back-to-school family expo where families… 
 : 📷 #otd july , : lbj signs medicare + medicaid into law.   lbj gave president truman + bess tru…
 : we need to bolster ’s ability to better recruit and compensate skilled staff. i want to thank  and …
ferc has a vital job for both ensuring environmental safety and advancing america’s #energy dominance. as #lng prod… 
my colleague  (r-tx) and i introduced legislation today that will give  the flexibility to determ… 
 : . and  introduce  legislation to work with  to hire more staff to help with #lng rev…
ferc has a vital job for both ensuring environmental safety and advancing america’s #energy dominance. as #lng prod… 
 : infants and young children rely on others to keep them cool and hydrated when it’s hot outside. make sure to: 🚘 never le…
the trump administration believes the aca’s coverage protections for pre-existing conditions are “unconstitutional”… 
 : ranking members  and  are calling on  once again to hold an oversight hearing w…
there is more than $. trillion in outstanding student loan debt in america. we deserve a better higher education… 
 : meanwhile,  and  are again calling for an oversight hearing on the migrant crisis. …
the trauma that these children have suffered will have life-long effects. i’ve asked  chairman… 
although a little over , parents have been reunited with their children, there are still more than , more t… 
if you have not filed a claim for your losses due to #hurricaneharvey i suggest you do before it's too late. #htx… 
immunizations are important for the prevention of dangerous diseases and will give your child a healthy start to th… 
great to see you  and thank you for your insight. 
 : americans should be able to count on congress to fight to lower costs for their families. instead,  &amp; house r…
today i added my name to the resolution introduced by  and  condemning … 
thank you to  for allowing me to speak to all the folks in dc this week advocating for americans with…  proud to join  &amp; rep.  today in introducing the restoring justice for workers act to enab… 
 knows that he does not have the power to unilaterally end the constitution’s guarantee of citizens… 
 : mr president, your new eo ending citizenship for children born in the us is patently unconstitutional. i am sending you…
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
#reprorightsarehumanrights &amp; i refuse to allow the state department to erase the realities that women &amp; girls face… 
october is national disability employment awareness month. in , more than , floridians with #disabilities… 
proud to join  in introducing the coretta scott king full employment federal reserve act. too many amer… 
more than  million americans currently suffer from eating disorders, and they have the highest mortality rate of… 
i am honored that the eating disorders coalition has named me a champion for my strong support of eating disorder r… 
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
the shooting at the tree of life synagogue is a vile act of hatred. as the details continue to emerge, i offer my p… 
i join in thanking the members of law enforcement who worked diligently to locate and arrest a suspect in the strin… 
i again extend my deepest gratitude to the capitol police, the secret service, and every member of law enforcement… 
those targeted by these cowardly acts will not give in to intimidation. we will continue to stand-up for what we believe in.
i condemn these attempts to incite fear and violence in our country. the deliberate targeting of critics of the tru… 
burt aaronson served the people of palm beach county for two decades, distinguishing himself as an independent thin… 
i was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of mayor walter “skip” campbell. skip spent a lifetime working for ou… 
super typhoon yutu is one of the most severe hurricane strikes to ever affect the us &amp; its territories. my prayers… 
thank you to the capitol police, the secret service, and every member of law enforcement who works to us safe. i co… 
 million people are walking today thanks to the polio vaccine! this #worldpolioday, let’s work to ensure every ch… 
i am a staunch democrat, and i support israel. nearly all of my colleagues, democrat and republican, do as well. pl… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
transgender &amp; gender nonconforming people, like all americans, deserve equal protection under the law. but in… 
: the middle class should have been your top priority when you started talking about tax reform, no… 
 is backpedaling on his make-believe tax cut for the middle class because there is no such bill in… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
i was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of my dear friend judge edward rodgers. eddie was a kind and decent m… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
 out of  lgbtq students experience harassment at school. over % of lgbtq students who did report bullying said… 
i’m honored to receive a % on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
medicare, medicaid, &amp; social security provide life-saving care #forthepeople. i will continue to push back against… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
i just got off the phone with my florida delegation colleagues and  representatives to discuss… 
 : there is no reason that anyone in the us should die from a simple sinus infection, yet that is exactly what happened to sa…
' nominee, eric dreiband, was confirmed yesterday despite his lack of experience in many of the civil rights… 
i am honored to have earned a % score from . i will continue to fight for real progress for women… 
commitment to the u.s.-israel relationship, whether it is mutual security cooperation or partnerships in agricultur… 
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all social security beneficiaries &amp; a stronger cost of living adjus… 
today’s .% cost of living adjustment (cola) increase is great news for seniors, survivors &amp; people w/ disabilitie… 
the senate must reject the confirmation of u.s. district court nominee #thomasfarr. putting farr on the federal ben… 
the report that journalist jamal khashoggi was murdered while inside the saudi consulate in istanbul demands a thor… 
communities of color have been the most vulnerable to ’s policies and programs. the gop tax reform… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
as #hurricanemichael approaches, i joined  &amp;  in urging president trump to immediately… 
a year ago, trump ordered the epa gut the clean power plan, designed to help energy companies transition from fossi… 
 : good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   …
 : good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   …
 in  women.  in  men. we must remember how many people are affected by domestic violence. this is why i cospons… 
as we mark national breast cancer awareness month, i'm proud to support the patients, providers, researchers &amp; advo… 
ending tps was a moral and legal failing clearly inspired by the trump administration's animus toward immigrants. t… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
the trump administration wants to gut safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. they may have forgot… 
one year ago, we suffered the worst mass shooting in our country’s history. my thoughts and prayers are with the fa… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
ever wonder why the republican congress has yet to act on the gun violence epidemic plaguing this country? it’s thi… 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for the right to have a voice. today, on… 
we must also remember the storm’s devastating impact on the us virgin islands. every american territory affected by… 
#hurricanemaria made landfall in puerto rico one year ago today. it took the island  months to restore power in t… 
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
don’t ask, don’t tell was repealed  years ago today. military service members are no longer forced to hide who the… 
my thoughts are with the dingell family. john served our nation with honor and distinction.  i wish him a very speedy recovery.
i am proud to support strengthening social security - a vital program for many seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. i… 
: , of our citizens died under your watch. pretending it didn't happen, blaming democrats, and… 
passage of h.res. puts the u.s. house of representatives on record opposing the dog and cat meat trade across th… 
the house has begun consideration of h.res., my resolution urging all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat tra… 
the house of representatives has voted to unify animal cruelty laws across the country &amp; prohibit the slaughter of… 
the house has begun consideration of h.r., the dog and cat meat trade prohibition act of , the updated vers… 
generations of americans have fought, marched, and peacefully protested to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor th… 
/ that is why i introduced h.r., the ending corporal punishment in schools act, which would end this troubling… 
/ the georgia school of innovation and the classics is wrong to reintroduce paddling of students. we should be wo… 
we will never forget the nearly , victims of the / terror attack, nor the countless acts of selflessness tha… 
i am pleased to announce that h.res., urging all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade, &amp; h.r., the d… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
on this labor day, i encourage everyone to reflect on the work that has built our great nation, and the work that w… 
i was so incredibly saddened to hear the news of ’s passing. he was a classic patriot and served our… 
senator john mccain exemplifies courage, civility, and integrity. he is a true american hero and our country is str… 
homecare workers are some of the hardest working yet lowest paid groups. now the administration plans to make it ev… 
taking federal funds away from low income schools’ mental health and anti-bullying programs to purchase guns for te… 
the trump administration's dangerous proposal to gut the #cleanpowerplan will lead to more asthma and more deaths.… 
i was pleased to join  yesterday to tour multiple infrastructure project locations showcasing browa… 
on monday, i will tour  infrastructure projects prioritized by  as part of the complete streets in… 
i’ll be appearing on the brother carl radio show tomorrow to discuss issues important to our region. tune in tomorr… 
yesterday marked the -month anniversary of the tragic shooting at marjorie stoneman douglass. our community remain… 
for the past  years, millions of americans have depended on social security benefits after paying into the progra… 
americans with pre-existing conditions shouldn’t face discrimination. period. #protectourcare
if president trump and republicans succeed in rolling back pre-existing condition protections, millions of floridia… 
republicans are attacking the health care of over  million americans by refusing to defend their right to not be… 
yesterday hamas led a brazen attack on israel launching + rockets resulting in at least  casualties. israel ha… 
¡atención dreamers! actualmente aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso #daca. si cumples con los requisit… 
dreamers: if your daca expired on or after the september ,  you may submit a daca renewal application. apply w… 
location change: i hope you will join me today at a town hall on the miramar ice facility being organized by mayor… 
the voting rights act was enacted on the simple premise that every american should be able to vote, period. restric… 
i look forward to joining mayor  for this very important discussion. i have been in frequent communicat… 
, ,  &amp; i wrote the farm bill conference committee, urging them to retain… 
this week, i was proud to join ,  &amp; over  members of congress in calling on… 
the wide-spread printing of do-it-yourself guns will only embolden those people that florida’s brave police officer… 
i join with so many around the world in observing united nations world day against trafficking in persons today. ap… 
on the rd anniversary of medicare &amp; medicaid, we celebrate these vital initiatives that millions of americans rel… 
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c…
i joined with  in asking  to investigate last week’s shooting in clearwater to determi… 
i stand with  in calls for the state department  to prevent the publication of gun blueprints for d p… 
i look forward to joining my friends at  as the keynote speaker for this year’s national organization of… 
i was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of janet burnett. janet  was a great leader in florida democratic pol… 
i wonder how these cfos would rate the president now that he is pursuing a trade war that is hurting millions of am… 
#tbt to ’s global cfo council survey from june , when business owners were asked to describe… 
it has been  years to the day since we increased the national minimum wage to $. per hour. earlier this year, h… 
i received this petition from liz dawson of the united kingdom today, with  signatures in support of h.res..… 
 : kavanaugh’s scotus confirmation would be a rubber stamp for radical gop attempts to silence black and brown voters, rever…
the trump administration’s decision to end tps for haitian tps-holders was terrible enough, but now we have learned… 
with congress soon entering the august recess, i urge  &amp;  to bring h.res. to the floor for… 
today,  and i urged  to schedule s. for a vote without delay. this measure, which alread… 
 : this is one of the most outrageous things i have ever heard. 
as  flip-flops and again sides with russia over american national security experts, the  j… 
nurses, doctors, and the majority of the american public agree: we need a #medicareforall health system to guarante… 
today, i became a founding member of the congressional medicare for all caucus. together, the caucus will work to w… 
affordable healthcare should be a right for all. i am proud to be an original cosponsor of 's #ayeact w… 
proud to cosponsor 's #ayeact today, which will help  million young americans afford health coverage o… 
the anti-climate resolution h.con.res. is the latest example of republicans burying their heads in the sand abou… 
 : . leaders , , ,  troubled by continued imprisonment…
as we commemorate nelson mandela international day, let us reflect on our shared humanity and the need to protect h… 
 : the  needs to get over its addiction to donald trump. the president’s behavior has gone beyond defying norms. hi…
today, i had the opportunity to meet with justin hersh and anushka  scudder, student ambassadors from the national… 
 is lying to the american people in order to do damage control. this is preposterous! 
after reading from a script and taking no questions, it is clear that    did not believe what he ju… 
: this is the worst attempt at political spin i have ever seen. 
i have partnered with  to ensure that vietnam veterans are given the respect they deserve. as a coun… 
 : .’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  reagan. clint…
trump confirmed today that he is no more than putin’s puppet. when asked whether he believes more in the entire u.s… 
the same day in  that president trump asked russia to “find” secretary clinton’s emails, russians hacked the de… 
$ million in relief for the families of victims of a cholera outbreak that the un itself caused in  were pro… 
i was overjoyed to hear that all  boys and their soccer coach were successfully rescued from the cave in chiang r… 
 : brett kavanaugh has been clear where he stands on a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. the senate must #st…
the nomination of judge brett kavanaugh to the #supremecourt is president trump’s latest shameful effort to further… 
it’s been  years since #roevwade, but the trump administration is trying to turn back the clock on women’s rights… 
good to see the army corps announce it will set aside $ million to speed up repairs on the herbert hoover dike.… 
this independence day, i will be thinking about how we can make our nation a more inclusive, fair, and diverse home… 
 : these men and women were targeted for doing their job - reporting on the community they cherished and constantly seeki…
i am deeply saddened by the tragic shooting in annapolis. at least   fatalities reported. my prayers are with the… 
i was pleased to offer a number of amendments to the fy defense appropriations act that were adopted with biparti… 
the supreme court’s ruling in #janus is an unprecedented attack on the rights of our country’s  million public em… 
today’s ruling by the supreme court is an endorsement of intolerance. the muslim ban is just as immoral, discrimina… 
in  states, lgbtq americans can be fired, evicted, or denied other services. the equality act would change this a… 
three years ago today, scotus affirmed every american the right to marry the person they love. we cannot allow vict… 
since the supreme court decided shelby county v. holder five years ago, more than two dozen states have enacted ant… 
 states have multiple voting rights violations over the past  years – the voting rights advancement act would e… 
voting is not a use-it-or-lose-it-right. but  years after shelby county v. holder, anti-voter politicians are usin… 
i was pleased to introduce a resolution honoring the  jazz ensemble for winning first place at the… 
as we discuss the need for dreamers to have a pathway to citizenship, i want to make sure that those who are in our… 
i was pleased to host the  black and jewish members of congress this  morning. anti-semitism, prejudice, and di… 
last night in the rules committee, i offered an amendment that would have provided a pathway to citizenship for cer… 
nearly . million children live in homes with a loaded, unlocked gun. unsecured firearms inadvertently injure thou… 
thank you  for your poignant thoughts at this morning's black and jewish members of congress breakfa… 
thank you  for joining our important conversation today on the state of black and jewish relations i… 
as the yulin dog meat festival begins, we must continue to shed light on the horrific treatment of animals subject… 
family separation has been universally condemned by the child welfare community, immigration rights community, and… 
let’s not forget that #agsessions cited a bible passage used to defend slavery as justification for child separatio… 
it is absurd that congress needs to act to stop ’s child  separation policy. the president implemen… 
instead, he has repeatedly said that democrats need to come to the table and then actively shut us out.  if he cont… 
the president’s abhorrent immigration policies are under attack – as they should be – and so he is refusing to own… 
today, i joined with  and over   in introducing the #keepfamiliestogetheract so we… 
 : #agsessions cited the bible passage romans  to justify separating immigrant families at the border.   “obey the laws of…
i’ll never understand how donald trump can look at a tired, hungry, and frightened child and see an enemy of the st… 
i join with so many in celebration of #juneteenth. today, we draw strength from past generations of americans w… 
i look forward to hosting my annual black and jewish members of congress breakfast this thursday to continue the discussion of the state ...
last week, i joined with rep. waters and a bipartisan group of members in urging the united nations to perform all… 
i was humbled to accept the community leadership award at the #peopleprofile awards show. i am honored to serve sou… 
 : this admin has the nerve to publicly blame democrats for the immoral family separation ripping children from parents. …
let’s be clear – this policy comes directly from the president’s administration. no matter how he tries to cast bla… 
separating children from their families and holding them in cages is  government-sanctioned child abuse. i don’t ca… 
when you cite a verse of the bible used to defend slavery to justify separating families and sticking children in c… 
it is outrageous that the republican congress has embraced the president’s draconian immigration policies. we must… 
i’m honored to recognize the city commission of lauderdale lakes: the first city government to be comprised entirel… 
i just led a letter to secretary nielsen and administrator murphy urging them to expeditiously resolve the ongoing… 
with the yulin dog meat festival scheduled to begin in just one week, time is of the essence.  and… 
south florida depends on the everglades for so much. it’s so good to see the army corps of engineers boost restoration funding by $ mil...
 house members want an open debate on the fate of #daca, but under ’s #mostclosedcongress ever, even… 
 : the  has spent millions investigating clinton, yet they refuse to compel the trump administration to turn over do…
this absurd resolution will only deepen divisions and make peace more elusive. it does nothing for the palestinian… 
i reject ’s heartless decisions to separate families and bar asylum to the most vulnerable victims… 
florida’s economic prosperity wouldn’t be possible without our seaports. congratulations to  on your th anniversary!
 : over  million americans with pre-existing conditions are protected under the aca. last week, the trump administration ann…
here is my statement on the summit in singapore between president donald john trump and north korean dictator kim j… 
police officer kevin valencia, shot by the suspect after responding to a domestic violence report, is in critical c… 
the murder of four children in orlando this morning was an act of pure evil.  on this somber day, i grieve with the… 
two years ago,  people were killed at the pulse nightclub in what was at the time the worst mass shooting in the… 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
if your daca expired on or after the september ,  you may submit a daca renewal application. apply with uscis… 
dreamers: if you are eligible to apply for renewal, do so immediately. due to two federal court injunctions, uscis… 
fifty-three years after the march from selma to montgomery, voting rights are still under attack. the supreme court… 
manika joseph, and caleb smith. these students represent the best and brightest from florida’s th district. congrats to them all! /
today, i had the distinct honor to congratulate  delegates from my district who were selected to represent florida… 
yesterday, i offered an amendment to h.r. adding millions of dollars to cybersecurity of the electric power gri… 
the housing proposal from the trump administration would drastically hike rents for low-income floridians. i don’t… 
republicans have voted against lowering the costs of prescription drugs while the #goptaxscam hands billions of dol… 
 is trying to make it legal to discriminate against americans with pre-existing conditions. that is… 
 &amp;  are still trying to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existi… 
this nation only truly thrives when every community within it is respected and given equal protection under the law… 
this month, the united states honors our longstanding relationship with the nations of the caribbean and celebrates…  this is unconstitutional. pres. trump cannot take away #birthrightcitizenship on his own.  but he can &amp; will take a… 
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
there is no place in america for this kind of violence. it's disheartening that the tone in the country is such tha… 
if people &amp; goods can't move, our economy can't grow. it's time to look at innovative ways to improve access to tra… 
i was delighted to speak at #diversitybydesign yesterday! promoting #stem education and careers is crucial for the… 
proud to receive a % legislative score from the leadership conference for my support of civil and human rights. t… 
we will not be intimidated by threats against the press or the leaders of our democracy. americans will never succu… 
this is democracy in action! i'm so delighted to see that so many texans came out to vote yesterday -- including … 
enjoyed spending yesterday afternoon at burleson elementary reading "grace for president" to a wonderful group of k… 
couldn't wait to #vote today on the first day of early voting! i didn't mind that i had to wait a little longer whi… 
if republicans keep their majorities in congress, they will cut social security, medicare and medicaid. we cannot a… 
pres. trump must stop peddling misinformation. climate change is real &amp; we must address it through broad, sweeping… 
enjoyed a productive meeting with  mayor curtistene mccowan today. we both know there are challenge we mus… 
today is the deadline to submit your app! all apps must be submitted by  a.m. make sure they are turned in to… 
student, just  days remain to submit your app! be sure to get them in soon, the deadline is on monday, october … 
record numbers of texans are registered to make their voices heard. make sure yours is too!  today is the last day… 
climate change is real but we can do something about it. we must heed this dire warning and act by sharply cutting… 
everyone -- of every age -- needs to go out and #vote!  time is almost up! tomorrow is the last day to register in… 
we cannot continue to lose our best scientific minds to workplace harassment. it's time we correct this troubling i… 
district  is truly a district of opportunity! thank you to my  constituents for a wonderful th community apprec… 
judge kavanaugh has neither the integrity nor the temperament to serve on #scotus. the legitimacy of the court will… 
 : awis endorses the combating #sexualharassment in the sciences act introduced today by  rm . through re…
 : release: ranking member  introduces combating sexual harassment in science act 
#safecoastact would overturn administration actions weakening safety rules put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. co… 
today’s a great day to register to #vote! only  days remain to register and early voting begins in just  days!… 
a thorough, unimpeded investigation is exactly what's needed before judge kavanaugh's nomination proceeds. it would… 
the cost of housing is something we must address but there's no way we can achieve success without addressing trans… 
 : . says in dallas, income inequity is widening as low- and high-income pops each continue growing.   “the division…
 : . says housing affordability requires better education, better transportation, better jobs. “if a city is going t…
#scotus ensured african americans the right to vote &amp; an equal education, ensured lgbtq americans the right to marr… 
nothing compels  to continue to so recklessly force judge kavanaugh's nomination forward. a third cred… 
 : thank you to the members of congress who were able to join us at the #ascoadvocacysummit reception this evening! …
choosing to schedule judge kavanaugh's committee vote just one day after dr. ford testifies is another example that… 
“but there’s a big difference between giving kavanaugh and his accusers a real chance to share their opposing stori… 
 : there's a lot at stake this november. if we stay home, critical issues that affect our families and communities get igno…
reauthorizing #lwcf is a no brainer - it costs the american taxpayer nothing, protects our treasured #publiclands,… 
our democracy works when everyone is engaged. make sure your voice is heard in november. register to vote at… 
i agree with chief hall's decision to fire amber guyger and hope it represents the first step in our search for jus… 
any attempt by pres. trump at intimidating rod rosenstein, either during or after their meeting on thursday, cannot… 
i support sen. feinstein’s call to halt judge kavanaugh’s nomination until the fbi can investigate both credible al… 
thanks to  for bringing more than $. million to dfw for our veterans. congratulations to all the gr… 
on #ntxgivingday, i encourage everyone to support  who help promote #stem to , students all over… 
it's vital that young people get involved, get engaged and vote! i was delighted to spend some time yesterday at to… 
the census is an opportunity to make sure everyone in our community is accounted for and we need your help to do it… 
the future is calling, and this bill promoting research into quantum technology will help us answer that call. that… 
to all those observing, may your fast be easy and meaningful. #yomkippur 
. must #postponethevote on confirming judge #kavanaugh to a lifetime #scotus appointment and conduct a… 
#icymi: the science &amp; technology brain trust brings some of the best stem minds together to inspire our young peopl… 
supreme court justices should be held to the highest standard. judge kavanugh’s nomination should not proceed furth… 
veterans have answered our highest calling with their service defending our country. honored to be part of the vete… 
delighted to host my science and technology brain trust for the th year at #cbcalc! hope to inspire another gen… 
in the  years since president clinton signed the violence against women act into law, victims of violence across… 
the  lifeline program helped  million americans last year alone. affordable wireless service, especially for… 
 : read: ranking member ’s opening statement for glider truck regulations hearing → 
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. proud to join the #expandsocialsecurity… 
every day, families lose loved ones to suicide. this is why i co-authored the national suicide hotline improvement… 
when , americans lost their lives on this day  years ago, our nation showed that when we stand together, no a… 
this has been a difficult time for our community. i agree with the decision chief hall made to turn over the invest… 
 : thank you rep. eddie bernice johnson for standing with nurses in our fight for guaranteed healthcare by sponsoring the…
may this jewish new year bring peace and happiness! l'shanah tovah! #roshhashana 
delighted to announce more money is coming to district ! congratulations to  and  on thi… 
his name is jackson, and if judge kavanaugh is confirmed, then jackson and  million americans living with preexi… 
enjoyed a wonderful morning with the north american association of chinese organizations. this meeting represents t… 
thanks for the reminder, president obama. this is 's message: every vote matters because everyone's voi… 
since her appointment,  has exclusively implemented policies that make it harder for students to succe… 
lying to congress under oath is unacceptable for a nominee to the supreme court. judge kavanaugh must not be confir… 
when more than % of relevant documents remain in the dark, the senate cannot confirm judge kavanaugh to a lifetim… 
my congratulations to duncanville firefighters for receiving a $, grant! eager to see the improvements that th… 
delighted to return home after a productive visit to taiwan discussing global affairs and security. my appreciation… 
every day, local journalists stand behind the vulnerable &amp; serve the greater good. they are not our enemies but are… 
first, republicans voted to take away protections for pre-existing conditions; now they’re suing to destroy these p… 
#laborday provides us an opportunity to celebrate those who create america’s success: the working men and women of… 
read our letter here ---&gt; 
last week, i signed a letter with more than  of my democratic colleagues to stand up for the rights of home care… 
congratulations to desoto fire rescue for winning more than $, in grants! new funds mean more community risk r… 
schools need new technology, more funding for art &amp; stem classes, and stronger mental health services for students.… 
 years after dr. king shared his american dream with the country, the work to bring that dream to reality continu… 
 : president lyndon b. johnson was born #otd  in stonewall, texas. today would have been lbj’s th birthday. 🙏🏽  📸 lbj c…
my thoughts are with the families of the victims of the shooting in jacksonville, fl. i will be thinking of all fam… 
my condolences to the mccain family. senator mccain is a true american hero, who dedicated his life to this nation.… 
senator mccain is one of the most well-respected men i've met in washington. his courage and patriotism are unparal… 
time &amp; again, pres. trump took damaging action republicans said he never would. we already know he wants to end dir… 
proud to host a congressional app challenge for district  and support stem and coding education! i encourage all… 
the american people want a government free from corruption that listens to their voice. the question to ask is whic… 
to my friends here in the us and around the world, eid mubarak! on this #eidaladha may we all celebrate peace, joy,… 
delighted to announce $. million in grants to da &amp; love field. these are the kinds of investments we need in o… 
 : release: ranking member 's statement on trump’s roll back of the clean power plan  
when the  passed their corporate tax cut last year, they made it clear that was a bigger priority than looking… 
it was a pleasure spending the weekend discussing the important contributions taiwanese americans make to our count… 
delighted to announce that  awarded ut southwestern $, to research virtual reality tools to help with diag… 
saddened to hear of the passing of #arethafranklin today. always respected and appreciated her talent. she was one… 
 : thank you so much for your support, ! we appreciate your service to the community. 
pres. trump has politicized the intelligence community which threatens our national security. today's actions have… 
congratulations to ut southwestern medical center for ranking as one of the best hospitals in the country! we are a… 
for  years, social security has provided older americans with stability and security. we must protect it. #forthepeople #socsec
here are my thoughts on current issues affecting district  and the country. thanks  &amp;… 
read my newest editorial: of course we can boost the economy while cutting pollution; we always have |  
delighted to join  for a conversation with   &amp; . be sure to tune in to channel … 
delighted to open a new emergency department at the dallas va medical center. va doctors and nurses care deeply for… 
in the news: "the door to the future": how eddie bernice johnson could make history if democrats win back the house… 
the pay gap costs black women $, over the course of a -year career. it's time to #demandmore and deliver… 
when our future leaders come together and embrace #diversity today, we build better societies tomorrow. delighted t… 
medicare and medicaid provide medical care for seniors &amp; families, but  continues to attack them. . million t… 
“in short, medicare is an expression of fundamental humanity. in short, medicare is a triumph of rightness. now, we… 
 : #dguns will be legal on wednesday unless  says no. get the word out. call your representative and senators —…
health care costs are rising because republicans continue to undermine the affordable care act. let's work together… 
i remain committed to defending the #ada and what it represents – our promise to treating all americans with kindne… 
 : ranking member ’s opening statement for  hearing 
the national suicide hotline improvement act passed the house last night with overwhelming support. i wrote this bi… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the family of senior corporal givens and .
the #farmbill is an important piece of legislation for american farmers and families. i’m honored to be selected as… 
#veterans who receive disability severance payments are eligible to receive a refund if their benefits were taxed.… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
come join us at the #youthsummit for a discussion on #diversitydynamics. complete the short application here: 
in the news: the youth summit &amp; diversity dialogue is a great, free event for students from all across dfw and beyo… 
 years since his birth, nelson mandela's legacy lives on. i was fortunate to meet and work with him to advance f… 
americans overwhelmingly support protections for our #publiclands &amp; recognize the unmatched economic, recreational… 
 : ranking member  opening statement for #fossilenergy technologies hearing 
it's no secret trump &amp; i disagree greatly, but the condemnation of his pandering to putin is bipartisan. republican… 
 : #texas received $. billion in #nih funded research support in fy:  #nihinyourstate …
thanks  for spreading the word! i look forward to students from lancaster joining us! #youthsummit… 
the strength of diversity isn’t about different views, but about people coming together to discuss them. delighted… 
i support smart trade enforcement, but ’s actions have missed the mark and hurt workers in texas.… 
nutrition services, disease prevention programs, transportation services, job training, and legal services for seni… 
"the older americans act clearly affirms our nation's sense of responsibility toward the well-being of all of our o… 
this is heartbreaking. i am deeply saddened that action by the american government caused this. #protectfamilies  
great reporting brought the african human auction crisis to light. because of it, the us congress has resoundingly… 
judge kavanaugh, pres. trump’s #scotusnominee, will threaten voting rights, women’s rights, equal rights, lgbtq rig… 
“it’s widely understood that his nominee will pose a clear danger to women’s reproductive rights. what most don’t r… 
the administration reunited half of children  and under with their parents, after a judge ordered them to. this is… 
whoever pres. trump nominates for #scotus tonight, concealing their beliefs on a woman’s right to choose or access… 
“we do right by this country when we prioritize investing in our infrastructure.”  delighted that $m will be inv… 
what will our country look like if pres. trump successfully dismantles the balance of #scotus? it may be unrecogniz… 
issues that could all be decided by #scotus:   -your access to healthcare through aca -your access to the ballot bo… 
today, we celebrate the freedoms and liberties we cherish and work to ensure we pass them safely to the next genera… 
honored to be appointed by the leadership to be a conferee. #ndaa is essential legislation that must serve those wh… 
#familiesbelongtogether. that’s the message these pictures from dallas tell. it’s time congress joins the call from… 
in the face of threats to their safety and well-being, journalists like those at  make our country bette… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the people of annapolis and the #capitalgazette, but that is not enough. tragedies… 
. is an intelligent &amp; effective member of congress. she is an outstanding representative of her con… 
innovation is the best way to adapt to changes in automation. glad to have recognition from  that the t… 
congratulations again to victoria taylor for winning the  congressional art competition. i was delighted to spe… 
today’s decision to uphold the #muslimban is wrong and opposes the ideals our country was founded on. discriminatio… 
you can follow the bill at 
workers need to be prepared to adapt to advances in automation. my solution is to give them training to pursue new… 
voting rights are civil rights and civil rights are voting rights. our democracy only works when elections are free… 
nurses, pediatricians and psychologists know how to care for others. proud to join my colleagues and health care pr… 
 : apa ceo arthur c. evans jr., phd, joined , , ,  and healthcare providers including re…
 : .’s family separation policy will have a devastating long-term impact on thousands of children. i joined …
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t cut #snap. that’s still untrue. that’s why i voted no.
as a nurse, i cared for all. children and babies should not be ripped away from their loving parents or detained. a… 
there was a time when we welcomed those fleeing persecution and helped those most vulnerable. we must return to uph… 
thee practice of punishing parents who are trying to save their children’s lives, and punishing children for being… 
this is un-america. this is not who we are. these are not our values. we are better than this, and we can stop this… 
wishing all of my muslim friends #eidmubarak! may this day bring peace and prosperity! 
the trump administration continues taking action to single out immigrants and vulnerable minorities. barring women… 
honored to receive the hospital advocate award from . my work improving our hospitals so they serve… 
in the st century, access to a free and open internet isn’t a privilege, it’s a right. i’m fighting for… 
to veterans and their families, the veterans crisis line is here to provide confidential support. call ---… 
delighted to spend a few minutes with students from barack obama leadership academy today. it's always a pleasure t… 
for generations, immigrant communities have come to our shores to pursue the american dream. this… 
yesterday's news that #medicare will become insolvent sooner than projected is a disappointment but not a surprise.… 
 : at today’s press conf, i told reporters about the pathways #outofpoverty #listeningtour i led last week w . we…
i’ve been in this fight for a long time. i’m glad   joined me &amp;  in dallas today.… 
 : . in dallas is doing incredible work to help build pathways #outofpoverty for families. their comprehensive…
 : today, i am kicking off the pathways #outofpoverty #listeningtour in #dallas with , , &amp;  to h…
 : at  in dallas for the first stop in our poverty task force #listeningtour. in order for families to climb #o…
understanding the challenges poverty creates and how to overcome them. the pathways #outofpoverty listening tour st… 
texas ranks th in the nation in access to mental health care. we must do better to address this glaring deficienc… 
to all the veterans in my family and every family across the country, #happymemorialday 
"all students have the potential of a bright future. this youth summit helps them see that potential in themselves.… 
happy to host my youth crime prevention summit earlier today. more than  brilliant students in district  learn… 
atencion #dreamers! si cumplen con los requisitos califican para solicitar su renovación. uscis esta aceptado aplic… 
right now, #daca renewal applications are still being accepted. i will continue the push for legislation until we f… 
 : read ranking member ’s opening statement for hearing on technology for veterans 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s not true. , kids will l… 
 : thanks  for joining today’s forum on poverty &amp; discussing how congress can address systemic racial and economic inequ…
today, senate democrats vote to #savetheinternet. proud to support similar #netneutrality legislation here in the h… 
 : read ranking member ’s opening statement for #climatechange technology hearing  
joining #cowboysnation in wishing my friend and dallas cowboys legend  a very happy birthday! 
wishing all mothers a day of love, laughter and happiness! #happymothersday 
joining  to discuss plans to prepare workers for a st century economy  
america needs to engage in the world, not withdraw &amp; undermine our credibility. #irandeal
with #abetterdeal, we’ll make sure state workers have access to the kind of job training &amp; education that lead to s… 
my condolences are with officer santander's family during this difficult time. may we continue to show our support… 
join us this saturday, / for our annual world of women for world peace conference where we will discuss ways to… 
my sincerest condolences are with the bush family, as i have known them for almost half of my life. i always admire… 
more than  in  people in the us – over . million americans – live in counties that had unhealthy ozone/parti… 
tax cuts don’t pay for themselves, so how do republicans want to pay for the #goptaxscam? by cutting crucial benefi… 
congress needs to face the evidence-based facts. protecting scientific integrity policies is in the best interests… 
women who experience sexual harassment at work are .x more likely to change jobs than women who don't – often to… 
only  days left to submit works of art for the congressional art competition! have your work hung in the u.s. capi… 
safe neighborhoods are strong neighborhoods. i was delighted to support  this weekend. #imallin to ens… 
the april th deadline for congressional art competition submissions is fast approaching! click the link to find o… 
activist. visionary. leader.  years ago today martin luther king jr. was assassinated in memphis, tennessee. the… 
sarah t. hughes was among the first woman elected to the texas legislature. she served  terms in the .… 
ann richards fought for civil rights in texas even prior to working for political campaigns in  and later as co… 
 : today, we announced we will allocate $ million over a five-year period to our global #archwaystoopportunity education…
judge ruth bader ginsburg encountered constant gender discrimination throughout her personal life, education, and c… 
during #womenshistorymonth i am proud of  commitment to achieve % pay equity for women and men + peopl…   i have long been and will always been an advocate for women’s reproductive rights. you can see my op-ed… 
actions speak louder than words. filing lawsuits to decimate the aca, mobilizing gop to repeal it, promoting junk i… 
the economic well-being of american families isn’t just about income – it’s about the cost of living. the high cost… 
today i joined  and  at the th annual  manhattan women’s event! it was an honor… 
trump's trying to delay because he knows his case won't hold up in court. the #census is a nonpartisan tool use… 
hey , ever hear of the #thamendment? "all persons born or naturalized in the united states and su… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
on avg, top % makes $.m/yr, x what the % take home. income #inequality is nearly as high as in the gilded a… 
there is too much hatred in our country right now. the #era would give women a means of peacefully fighting back ag… 
was proud to stand with  last year against the #muslimban. proud to stand with them today and always.… 
as we continue rebuilding our city to be stronger than before, we must remember &amp; support those in our community wh… 
we now have more than  cosponsors from every corner of the country on our bill to permanently reauthorize &amp; fund… 
“one of the key requirements for a fair and trusted process is that there be a nonbiased supervision of the elector… 
if we don't learn from the past, we're doomed to repeat it.   that's why i authored &amp; intro'd the bipartisan… 
as we grapple with the violence of this past week, let us not forget maurice stallard &amp; vicki lee jones who were ki… 
my full statement on today's shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. 
absolutely devastating news out of pittsburgh. keeping the tree of life synagogue community in my thoughts today. m… 
#gdp grew .% in the last quarter. that's good but not the full story. wages are flat, deficit is skyrocketing, in… 
as #matthewshepard is laid to rest today, we all must recommit to fighting hate &amp; intolerance.  #lgbtq ppl cont to… 
our immigration system is broken, but totally refusing asylum to refugees fleeing for their lives is not the answer… 
thank you to the men and women in law enforcement for this important first step.  
instead of actually leading during this scary time, the leader of the free world is trying to dodge blame for incit… 
today i attended the newtown creek meetup! ty to the representatives from local businesses, civic groups, and commu… 
  you can count on my no vote.
  you can count on my no vote.
congratulations to president sahle-work zewde, ethiopa's first female president. her vision of a "society that reje… 
right now america needs a leader, not a bully.  needs to stop victim-blaming and actually step up,… 
tonight i attended a public comment event for the nuhart plastics superfund site in greenpoint. the deadline to sub… 
grateful today and everyday for the , , , , and all those who put their l… 
last year,  told us that their tax cuts were for the middle class. they said, “just trust us.” but it turns out… 
this is what voter suppression looks like in . not only is it discrimination, it's a red flag. a candidate is c… 
% of americans support #medicareforall - more comprehensive care, more efficiently delivered, with lower price ta… 
i was delighted to be able to congratulate the students who received the congressional award  in new york.… 
very disappointed in #scotus decision today shielding  from questioning re: the #citizenshipquestion… 
  absolutely. though, i don’t think the nra won’t be looking to support me any time soon – i’m proudl… 
 : new york lawmakers      among those slamming trump admin'…
 : today, we celebrate the amazing accomplishments of  recipients in new york. i’m proud to co-host today’s cere…
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
educators deserve so much better than what our country is currently giving them.  in  teachers buy their own sup… 
#farrakhan's latest antisemitic comments are disgusting and must be denounced by all those who stand against hate a… 
transgender and gender nonconforming people #wontbeerased. 
no woman should suffer from a miscarriage because their employer refused to listen to her doctor and medical needs.… 
the hate never stops from this administration but together we will fight back and stand with our transgender neighb… 
income inequality keeps rising.  from economist : wages for the top % grew almost x faster than every… 
every phrase in this tweet is the exact opposite of the truth. the trump strategy in  is torn straight from… 
.’s continued reluctance to accept any facts from his apolitical, extremely skilled intelligence co… 
 : it’s outrageous that pharmacists can deny access to meds prescribed by doctors, and put the repro health of women like rache…
our immigration system is broken, that is clear for anyone to see. we need to get serious about #immigrationreform,… 
thanks to my colleague senator  for releasing this insightful report about how deficits caused by th… 
politifact: "republican proposals [for protections for people w/ pre-existing conditions] are not as air tight as o… 
#jamalkhashoggi knew freedom expression &amp; the press was what the arab world needed to move toward greater freedoms.… 
 in  us women will be diagnosed w/ #breastcancer in her lifetime. but thanks to research, mortality rates have dr… 
republicans claim that passing massive tax cuts won’t impact the budget, but experts agree that is false. the… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
data show that the trump tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy drive up the debt – and the rest of us end up pa… 
last yr, budget experts predicted the #goptaxscam would explode the deficit.  said tax cuts would “pay for them… 
i'm proud today &amp; every day to by an ally of the #lgbtq community and to fight for protecting and gaining rights fo… 
#healthcare is a human right, &amp; no american should make the choice between their health &amp; feeding their families. t… 
trade disruptions, mass migrations, ocean acidification, loss of biodiversity, submersion of shoreline real estate.… 
it's never been a secret that our president worships money, or that he's willing to sacrifice justice &amp; human right… 
thrilled to support  in their successful quest for a $. million full-service community school grant… 
ty to the hosts of tuesday's / victim compensation fund workshop. the #vcf can only work if ppl have the info th… 
it’s also impt for  to say what they mean when they use terms like “entitlements.” b/c when they talk about "en… 
instead of trying to reunify the  children still separated from their families, the trump admin is considering a… 
trump's expansion of the #globalgagrule to every $ of int'l aid has devastated developing communities worldwide &amp; h… 
"% of the [tax cuts and jobs act]'s $.t in tax cuts are projected to go to the top % of the population." this… 
 out of every  will be diagnosed with breast cancer in their life. the #breastcancer commemorative coin, availabl… 
today i joined breast cancer survivors,  leaders &amp; researchers,  and women’s organizations to advocate for… 
joining survivors and leaders to help fund #breastcancer research 
rang the  opening bell alongside amazing leaders, researchers, and survivors! breast cancer mortality rates… 
getting ready to ring the  opening bell w/  and breast cancer survivors in honor of… 
i am proud to stand with nyers at the unity rally against hate. the hateful violence our city witnessed this weeken… 
gender equality means opportunities - and resources - are not limited by gender. parenting is hard enough without h… 
 i completely condemn this action as well. violence is never the answer.
 i’m calling for a thorough and immediate investigation by the nypd. 
    i’m calling for a thorough and immediate investigation by the… 
 couldn’t agree more. see my statement here: 
   i completely agree. i’m cohosting an event today at pm to make it clear th… 
 i’m cohosting an event today at pm to make it clear that hate has no  place in our city.  
  i’m cohosting an event today at pm to make it clear that hate has no  place in our city.  
   i’m cohosting an event today at pm to make it clear that hate has no  place… 
    i’m cohosting an event today at pm to make it clear that hate h… 
   i’m cohosting an event today at pm to make it clear that hate has no place i… 
 year later, i remain inspired by the cultural shift we have seen in this #metoo &amp; #timesup era. but today, and ev… 
 : we’re sending a clear message to hate groups today that bigotry and violence have no place in nyc.   join …
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
yet again our president shamelessly displays his willingness to prioritize money over morals, and our american valu… 
don’t forget to submit your #congressionalappchallenge entries by noon today! 
deeply disturbed by reports that a hate group beat up protestors in nyc last night. #hatehasnoplace in ny or in thi… 
i joined  and  at the health and wellness expo in #queensbridge! proud to stand with… 
i was inspired by the extraordinarily moving , based on the life of the great . it's a… 
. is now backtracking on the lies he told to congress. the #citizenshipquestion has always been about… 
the #fed is absolutely right to ignore this latest #trumptantrum. it must not allow campaign politics to affect its… 
 years ago today #matthewshepard was brutally murdered. today, let’s remember matthew and recommit ourselves to p… 
proud to introduce this bill w/ , , ,  &amp;  to kee… 
if standing up for #immigrant rights and against the #muslimban makes someone impolite &amp; arrogant, call me an… 
#newyork - today is your last day to register to #vote! please make sure you're registered, &amp; make sure your friend… 
only  days left to show off your coding skills, have fun with your friends, win prizes, and make your congressiona… 
it's stories like these that keep my fight for #breastcancerawareness and the / victims compensation fund (#vcf)… 
today on the #dayofthegirl we celebrate the young women who are the future. it falls to us to make sure that the wo… 
a despicable display of hate. i'm glad that cm  tore down these racist posters. #hatehasnoplace 
i believe in an america where we are all free to be who we are and love who we love. our nation, and the world, is… 
retirement should be something to look forward to, not fear. that's why we need a stronger social security that ref… 
a genomic study suggests that poverty is a severe handicap to achieving educational success, even for the most gift… 
       i am fighting for a… 
#medicareforall would bring the us into the st century - ensuring healthcare access for all americans, no matter… 
high-ranking trump officials in charge of the #census have failed, over and over, to provide a valid explanatio… 
smart piece by , who argues that “amazon could raise wages so easily is a big hint that $ really isn’t… 
not all illnesses are physical - that doesn't mean it isn't illness. it's alright to be sick. you will be believed,… 
"[t]here’s no avoiding the costs of climate change; we either invest now to clamp down on greenhouse gases, or we p… 
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
no, , #kavanaugh wasn’t *proven* innocent – there is no such thing. he also wasn’t found not guilty… 
. has always said that he is the #kingofdebt. that’s one of a small number of the things he’s said… 
a ray of political sunshine; according to 's municipal equality index, cities all across the united states are… 
our immigration system is utterly shattered. no immigration process should criminalize children, some too young to… 
mr. president, i do not apologize for demanding a full and fair investigation into judge kavanaugh's background bef… 
after judge kavanaugh’s testimony last week, it was clear that he was unfit to serve on #scotus. my full statement… 
congratulations  on hitting  million visitors! #millionfreedoms 
today is the th annual korean parade and k-town festival! it was such an honor to be given the distinguished titl… 
the latest jobs report: in the first  months of trump's administration the us economy has added a total of ,,… 
i have complete faith in . she reports that the #fbi docs contradict what #kavanaugh said under oath. wil… 
. has expended a lot of hot air claiming that he is responsible for the strong #economy – just like… 
lying under oath is unacceptable from someone who would be a supreme court justice. brett kavanaugh disqualified hi… 
we stand with #lgbt couples because #loveislove.  must reverse their new hateful policy which would take… 
thank you to the amazing educators in new york and all over who are shaping young minds &amp; helping to make our futur… 
a much deserved congratulations to dr. denis mukegwe &amp; ms. nadia murad for being awarded the nobel peace prize. the… 
i wonder how other current or former #scotus justices would vote on #kavanaugh? i suspect that almost all of them w… 
a year after hurricanes maria and irma, it is important to recognize that the denial of voting rights in the u.s. v… 
we can't vote for the members of the supreme court, but we can change the document they are interpreting.  we need… 
i’m #live w   to discuss #aca &amp; #preexistingconditions. join us. 
it’s good that our #economy is doing well. however, gdp &amp; the unemployment rate don’t tell the full story. they mas… 
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
bottom line:  wants to take away protections for preexisting conditions &amp; is leading a lawsuit in texas attempt… 
excited to be at the opening of metropolitan commercial bank’s newest branch in ny-! they will be a great resourc… 
in what shouldn’t be a shock to anyone,  reaffirms that the president is excellent at lying and stealing. a… 
an investigation w/ such limited scope &amp; short deadline is a joke. of course it "didn't turn anything up" - the whi… 
. is trying to spread  false info about past #fbi reports on #kavanaugh.  isn't having it. thank… 
more than , law school professors &amp; counting have signed an open letter calling for the senate to reject the… 
. agrees: “judge #kavanaugh exhibited extreme partisan bias &amp; disrespect towards certain members of the com… 
the true temperament of brett kavanaugh that is coming to light under statements from his former classmates, that m… 
   couldn’t agree more. congress must act on college affordability and student l… 
. points out that  reason some companies are willing to pay more is political pressure. but that only wo… 
supporting our / heroes is one thing we should all be able to agree on.  congress must fully fund &amp; permanently… 
couldn’t agree more, . 
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
the man now in charge of our country has spent his entire life stealing from it. revolting, but not shocking. 
#whatstherush? republicans are jamming a vote on #kavanaugh through the senate, while the #fbi is blocked from cond… 
"his performance was wholly inconsistent with the conduct we should expect from a [justice]... can anyone seriously… 
this #breastcancerawarenessmonth, check out the 's #breastcancerawareness commemorative coin program which w… 
everyone should be disgusted by  ‘s vicious, ugly attacks last night on dr. ford. and if that was s… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
icymi: i joined  yesterday to talk about the #kavanaughinvestigation, dr. ford's testimony, and why i think… 
#whatishehiding about #kavanaugh ? 
new from  – “brett #kavanaugh &amp; his team worked behind the scenes for days to get his friends to refute alleg… 
i’m proud to put #consumersfirst with my  colleagues. americans deserve #abetterdeal. 
   i am proud to stand with my  colleagues on the oversight a… 
   i agree. and while i’m glad the white house removed the ridiculous restri… 
    i completely agree and its why i’m fighting for the… 
   i completely agree and its why i’m fighting for the #keepfamiliestogether… 
  thank you for reaching out. my staff is looking into this.
   i am so sorry this happened to you. we are changing the culture and the conver… 
"significance drives memory. [fbi agents] also know that little lies point to bigger lies. they know that obvious l… 
    you can tell her that she was marching with us! i was elected to represent.
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
surveys show that most companies are using very little of the money saved by large cuts corporate tax cuts for sala… 
we're calling on congress to fully &amp; permanently fund the / victims compensation fund. our / heroes answered… 
anyone who lies under oath does not have the character requisite of a #scotus justice. judge kavanaugh displayed th… 
if you're stumbling drunk, your memory is impaired. if your memory is impaired, you may have done things that you c… 
while the united states now honors marriages between same-sex couples, % of  member countries do not. and now… 
republicans cut the irs budget --&gt; it conducts fewer investigations of tax fraud --&gt; tax evaders escape prosecution… 
these children's only crime was following their parents. now the trump admin is treating them worse than it does co… 
and yet the white house has restricted the fbi investigation from looking into all the sexual assault allegations.… 
it's been exactly one year since the tragedy in las vegas. today we honor the memories of those we lost and renew o… 
our president's factless ramblings aside, the scope of the fbi investigation is far too narrow to be anything but a… 
we will hold  accountable even if  won’t. 
i’m here at the stuyvesant town-peter cooper village tenants association meeting. it’s great to speak with resident… 
today i met with council member  and leaders of the community to discuss the progress on repairs to the e… 
issuing progress report on east river esplanade with  
   you can count on me to keep fighting. #stopkavanaugh
 : “we are members of the people’s house.  we come to speak for those who can not speak for themselves.”  …
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
breaking news:  &amp;  signed off on a ferry contract w/bigger boats to carry l train riders across the east… 
“the way that justice works, is that you recognize hurt, you take responsibility for it, and then you begin to repa… 
 : members of the house who oppose supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh, wait to enter the senate judiciary committee vote…
"the basic principles that underscore the senate's constitutional duty...require nothing less than a careful examin… 
i’m walking over to the senate with my  and  colleagues to tell them to #stopkavanuagh. 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
   today, i joined with  of colleagues to urge  to postpone the… 
 i’m so sorry you have had to endure this. please, reach out to friends, loved ones, or the hotline if… 
reflecting on dr. ford's testimony with  and  after rep. gomez and i spent most the day a… 
 as a former teacher, i know how important it is to invest in education. you can count on my full support.
dr. ford’s credibility increases with every word she speaks. #believesurvivors #believewomen #believechristine
if you need help, please reach out. 
no one should ever experience what dr. ford went through. 
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he… glad to speak with local residents at today’s  monthly morning mingle! i explained that my office c… 
donald trump is desperate to distract you from republicans' plan to rip away your preexisting condition protections… 
no president can rip out parts of the u.s. constitution that they don't like. #birthrightcitizenship is a constitut… 
ale: read about this week's caltrans road closures for the i- resurfacing and bridge widening project in… 
so proud of all that our la dodgers have accomplished this year. congratulations to the team and management for a s… 
my heart is breaking for the victims of the horrifying shooting at pittsburgh’s tree of life synagogue. violence an… 
the #worldseries, the fall classic, returns to la tonight, and my dc office has put up more #dodgerblue on capitol… 
we stand firmly with our fellow americans in the northern mariana islands as they begin recovering from the devasta… 
 : . received a % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! #aauw members and su…
glad to discuss issues of importance to our nation’s musicians, including artists &amp; songwriters, with… 
i joined #worldenergy for its announcement that it will invest $ million to expand its #renewable fuel productio… 
on my visit to ’s #newborn &amp; #infant critical care unit, i spoke w/ doctors about the critically import… 
i visited the #pueblodelrio housing project in #southla and met with local leaders. i appreciated learning more abo… 
i strongly condemn today's chilling acts of terror against public officials and the media. i'm deeply grateful to t… 
my dc office doors are decked out in #dodgerblue as the #worldseries starts tonight. go dodgers! soon we'll be worl… 
i’m privileged to nominate young th district residents – like downey’s katerina kennedy – to attend our u.s. serv… 
did you know republicans are still fighting in court to end protections for  million americans with pre-existing… 
si tiene  o  años pero cumple los otros requisitos para votar, puede preinscribirse en … 
recuerde volver a registrarse para votar si ha cambiado su nombre, residencia permanente o partido político. puede… 
la próxima elección del  de noviembre es de importancia vital para el futuro de nuestra nación. si planea votar en… 
if you are  or  years old but are otherwise eligible to vote, you can pre-register at  a… 
remember to re-register to vote if you have changed your name, permanent residence, or political party. you can che… 
the upcoming november th election is critically important to the future of our nation. if you plan to vote in this… 
i presented the  and downey symphonic society with a copy of my congressional record statement honor… 
congrats to #chinatown’s #phoenixbakery on its th anniversary!  i presented the bakery’s owners, the chan family,… 
great to thank some of the participants at the #keepdowneybeautiful clean-up, including #downey mayor sean ashton a… 
congratulations to south central los angeles ministry project (lamp) on  years of providing empowering and educat… 
glad to take part in the east la network community resource fair! i met with constituents and provided information… 
thanks to silvia corona of #eastla for opening her home to me, and inviting me to meet with her and her neighbors!… 
#worldseries, here we come! what a thrilling victory by our la  -- now let's win four more and get set to p… 
i spoke with #lacounty sheriff jim mcdonnell at the #tasteofeastla event. 
i had a great time at ’s #tasteofeastla!  i presented the chamber with a certificate of congressional… 
 : ty  for your leadership on this issue and being such an amazing advocate for these chimps 👏👏👏 …
stopped by  human relations commission screening of “light in the darkness,” a documentary about a town comi… 
i'm glad that an independent panel will have final decision-making authority to ensure that only those chimps truly… 
i’ve been a leader in the fight to retire  research chimps to sanctuaries, so i thank  collins for… 
si tiene  o  años pero cumple los otros requisitos para votar, puede preinscribirse en … 
recuerde volver a registrarse para votar si ha cambiado su nombre, residencia permanente o partido político. puede… 
la próxima elección del  de noviembre es de importancia vital para el futuro de nuestra nación. si planea votar en… 
if you are  or  years old but are otherwise eligible to vote, you can pre-register at  a… 
remember to re-register to vote if you have changed your name, permanent residence, or political party. you can che… 
the upcoming november th election is critically important to the future of our nation. if you plan to vote in this… 
glad to be at today's sold-out  summit in la, which is bringing together local stakeholders to discuss s… 
 : we were honored to host you! thank you so much for supporting gmis, our cause &amp; our commitment to keeping america techn…
great to join with leaders from the u.s. army corps of engineers to celebrate future #stem leaders at today's… 
i’ve co-written a letter to  &amp;  to share our deep concerns about mistreatment and neglect of… 
my office is looking forward to staffing an information table at the east los angeles network community resource fa… 
i toured a  training center! it was a pleasure to see the high-quality, state-of-the-art training th… 
glad to tour celluphone, a #commerce business providing cell phones &amp; support services to small business retailers… 
enjoyed my tour of 's office and warehouse in #commerce, where they design, store, and build holida… 
the annual great california  earthquake drill is tomorrow, thursday, october , at : am. visit… 
si tiene  o  años pero cumple los otros requisitos para votar, puede preinscribirse en … 
recuerde volver a registrarse para votar si ha cambiado su nombre, residencia permanente o partido político. puede… 
la próxima elección del  de noviembre es de importancia vital para el futuro de nuestra nación. si planea votar en… 
if you are  or  years old but are otherwise eligible to vote, you can pre-register at  a… 
remember to re-register to vote if you have changed your name, permanent residence, or political party. you can che… 
the upcoming november th election is critically important to the future of our nation. if you plan to vote in this… 
 : ., , , and  on friday introduced the child trafficking victims pr…
 : thank you  and  for taking a stand on behalf of immigrant families. #familiesbelongtogetherandfre…
 : thank you  and  for standing up for asylum seeking families. these families and children des…
 :  thank you for joining us for this inspiring event! we appreciate all of your hard work for animals.
¿quiere compartir sus opiniones sobre cómo mejorar las calles de #bellgardens? entonces venga al taller comunitario… 
want to share your views on how to improve #bellgardens' streets? then come to the complete streets community works… 
 : have you been affected by the #exide lead contamination? on saturday, join supervisor ,  and…
read my statement with  about the news that the trump administration is once again considering a cruel f… 
wonderful to be at a #losangeles  event with so many fellow #animalrights champions, including #peta president… 
i loved welcoming #ca families to the th annual familia unida wheelchair wash and wellness fair in #eastla!  it… 
as we mark #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth, i was honored to address the #gfwc women’s club of #huntingtonpark’s… 
great to speak w/students at the #maywood education fair as they learned about scholarships &amp; joined in workshops t… 
great meeting with pasquale guida and angelina diaz of la impact to talk about the fight against gangs and criminal… 
i was happy to meet with  representatives serob abrahamian and montebello mayor jack hadjinian to discuss a… 
great to be at 's th anniversary celebration!  i presented certificates of congressional recognition t… 
happy to congratulate my friend linda griego on being recognized with project restore's los angeles outstanding lea… 
enjoyed my talks with a range of  residents at the annual #bellflower joint service club luncheon! 
great to take part in the grand opening of the #rplanetearth factory in the ! i’m so pleased that th… 
good luck to clayton kershaw and the  tonight as they kick off the #nlcs! #dodgerblueforever #thinkblue
it was a pleasure to speak with  executive director erik miller! enjoyed our discussion of pvjobs' work to… 
happy to meet with  (#elac) president marvin martinez and elac dean / elac foundation executive direc… 
 : thank you    and many more for speaking out against the transfer of + kids to…
proud to introduce the child trafficking victims protection and welfare act to ensure immigrant kids are treated w/… 
i'm privileged to nominate young ca- residents to attend our u.s. #serviceacademies! if you are a high school sen… 
 : students: check out ’s updated - student resource guide for scholarship, internship and fellowship opportun…
i wrote a letter w/ urging  &amp;  to brief congressmembers on the prolonged detention o… 
helped lead a letter from  congressmembers to  &amp;  condemning the trump admin’s transfer of ,… 
mientras observamos la semana de prevención de incendios y oramos por los que están en el camino del huracán michae… 
as we observe #firepreventionweek and pray for those in the path of hurricane michael, we're reminded that disaster… 
 : you a true champion for #moms and #babies  !! 
estudiantes de california: ¿necesitan #ayudafinanciera para el año escolar -? completen el formulario federal… 
california students: need #financialaid for -? fill out the federal #fafsa form at  or… 
more than , american women suffer life-threatening pregnancy complications each year. as co-chair of the mater… 
mientras observamos el mes de la conciencia de #cáncerdemama este octubre, asegúrese de conocer los síntomas y los… 
as we observe #breastcancerawarenessmonth this october, make sure you're aware of the symptoms and risk factors beh… 
dodgers win! on to the #nlcs! #dodgerblueforever #thinkblue 
today, please join me in celebrating and honoring the indigenous people of the americas, whose rich history, divers… 
i thanked #larams cheerleaders kaitlin and bianca for their support of our disabled community at the … 
great to speak with #garfieldhighschool's jrotc at today's  #disabilitypride event. 
glad to be a part of 's third annual #disabilitypride festival today in #eastla! 
dr. ford was completely credible. judge kavanaugh was evasive, raging, and viciously partisan. how could anyone wat… 
glad to join roybal family, and foundation board members and staff, at last night's lucille and edward r. roybal fo… 
i joined  at its citizenship recognition ceremony reception to celebrate its work to help more than , res… 
congrats to  on their th annual dinner last night! grateful for all they do to fight for economic and s… 
 : thank you,       for your support for …
 : tonight,  celebrated the dedication and blessing of the brand new #sheafield at smet family stadium!🏈  this field w…
 : pma, the shea family and the smet family received congressional commendations from  …
i loved taking part in the dedication and blessing of 's beautiful stadium and multi-purpose track and… 
my dc staff is keeping the #dodgerblue spirit alive on #capitolhill while i'm back in #ca. good luck to the… 
the court rightly suspended trump's effort to end #temporaryprotectedstatus for salvadoran, haitian, nicaraguan &amp; s… 
we must continue being vigilant about the treatment of immigrant detainees by ice and its contractors at adelanto a… 
i’m glad this report from the office of the inspector general will force ice to address some of the terrible defici… 
not only has the trump admin cruelly torn apart immigrant families, a new dhs report also makes clear the admin tot… 
as the first #mexicanamerican congresswoman, i am proud to take this #hispanicheritagemonth to salute the history a… 
 :  has been a longtime champion for programs to prevent teen pregnancy and to promote access to family pla…
 : #midwives thank  for her supportive work! #midwivesmakeadifference and are adequately trained to provide…
little children were at this event. they saw the president mock dr. ford, and they saw a crowd laugh and cheer alon… 
the president of the united states made fun of a private citizen for telling her story of sexual assault, and his p… 
as #maternitycare caucus co-chair, happy #nationalmidwiferyweek to america’s , certified #nursemidwives and ce… 
bombshell  report: “president trump participated in dubious tax schemes during the s, including instanc… 
thanks, ! i'm glad to work with you as we fight to ensure congress can monitor the treatment of these s… 
 : 📲mañana, miércoles,  de octubre a las : pm hora del este: recibirá en su teléfono móvil una prueba del sistema de aler…
 : 📳tomorrow (wednesday) /: expect to get a test emergency alert message on your phone at : pm edt.   you’ll hear a loud tone…
great win by the  #nlwest champions, our los angeles ! can't wait to see #dodgerblue in the #nlds.… 
it's been a year since a gunman in las vegas killed  people and wounded hundreds in the deadliest shooting in mod… 
the trump admin is further traumatizing migrant children by stealing them away in the middle of the night to a tent… 
high school &amp; college students: looking for help to pay for college? my newly updated - student resource gu… 
congrats to my friend saundra bryant of #southla's  on being honored by the la host #lionsclub at the… 
honored to be at the la host #lionsclub's th anniversary event in .  joined me to pres… 
congratulations to our  for securing their th consecutive postseason appearance. #thinkblue #dodgerblue… 
we must have an fbi investigation of the allegations against judge kavanaugh. the senate has no business rushing to… 
make no mistake: after dr. ford's % credible testimony, voting for judge kavanaugh—especially without a full fbi… 
i celebrated  years of the #coastguard at a capitol hill event with  schultz and others. as top democr… 
the allegations against judge kavanaugh are serious and must be investigated. before today’s hearing began, many of… 
dr. ford, i stand with you. i believe you. thank you for your courage. #believesurvivors 
i was glad to help negotiate the labor-hhs-education/defense bill that passed the house today! it funds critical pr… 
i stood shoulder to shoulder with fellow  to affirm that #ibelievedrford and #believesurvivors. it's… 
el impacto de las elecciones del  de noviembre será increíblemente alto. tu #voto puede cambiar el curso de la his… 
the stakes in the nov.  election are incredibly high. your #vote can change the course of history. #registertovote… 
my heart breaks for pamela, who miscarried after she tripped while shackled in prison. no pregnant woman should eve… 
i held my annual #serviceacademies workshop today at #downey city hall. great to see so many students &amp; parents the… 
today, i greeted a group from roscommon, ireland, a downey sister city. they gave me a biography of south roscommon… 
the trump administration keeps finding new ways to demonize and punish america’s immigrant families. now it wants i… 
 :  thank you for the invitation. we are always honored to work together to help our community’s older adult…
my staff and i are always pleased to help th congressional district residents resolve any issues they may have wi… 
i visited with #seniors at the sunol #eastla service center and spoke about my office services. i also brought an… 
as this article notes, a  survey found that just % of female college students who survived an assault or atte… 
glad to join ’s elected officials council on #veterans meeting! we heard the latest updates from the va’… 
#hispanicheritagemonth is a great time to celebrate the many contributions america's #latinos have made. latinos ha… 
 : thanks to  for her support of children! #championchildren 
estudiantes de preparatoria o secundaria del distrito  interesados en las academias de servicio, vengan a mi tall… 
are you a th district high schooler or middle schooler interested in attending a us service academy? come to my f… 
 : i am grateful for  champions such as !  we can #endchildpoverty if more members of congre…
one year after #hurricanemaria, #puertorico still faces food &amp; water shortages, an unstable power supply, and inade… 
we must do all we can to #endchildpoverty. that's why i led the effort to fund a  study of u.s.… 
 : latinos make up % of metro’s rail ridership and % of metro’s bus ridership. latinos are underrepresented in the decisio…
was very happy and honored to attend a u.s. #citizenship swearing-in ceremony today in la! ángel del villar, ceo of… 
estudiantes de preparatoria o secundaria del distrito  interesados en las academias de servicio, vengan a mi tall… 
are you a th district high schooler or middle schooler interested in attending a us service academy? come to my f… 
wishing an easy fast to our jewish families as they observe #yomkippur starting this evening. may it be a reflectiv… 
 : , thank you for calling on attorney general sessions to reverse his decision ending asylum for victims…
i’ve signed a -led letter to senators urging them not to proceed with the kavanaugh confirmation unti… 
thanks again for honoring my father! 
 : view this week's evening closures for the i- repaving and bridge widening project in  and …
thanks to  and #daysoflatinx for promoting awareness and appreciation of our latino community's rich… 
¿es usted un residente permanente que busca convertirse en ciudadano de los ee.uu.? lea sobre cómo obtener la ciuda… 
are you a permanent resident seeking to become a u.s. citizen? read about the path to citizenship at… 
happy #citizenshipday and #constitutionday! today, let’s give thanks for the rights and liberties our constitution… 
¡como la primera congresista mexicana-estadounidense, quiero desearles un feliz #díadelaindependencia mexicana a to… 
as the first mexican-american congresswoman, i want to wish a happy #mexicanindependenceday to all in mexico and to… 
congratulations to the people of #guatemala on the th anniversary of their country’s independence!
today is the start of #hispanicheritagemonth -- a time to salute the proud history and accomplishments of our… 
thinking of addie mae collins, denise mcnair, carole robertson, and cynthia wesley, four african-american girls mur… 
estudiantes de preparatoria o secundaria del distrito  interesados en las academias de servicio, vengan a mi tall… 
are you a th district high schooler or middle schooler interested in attending a us service academy? come to my f… 
 : we can count on congressmember lucille roybal-allard! thank you for opposing kaiser’s greed. check out letters of support fro…
 : incredible collection of great minds at  gala, including our congresswoman , superstar  intern…
 : thx ! i was honored to receive the  legacy award for my years of service in #congress but it’s not do…
 : honored to be recognized by  at #chci along with  for our many years of service to the #hispanic com…
it was my great honor to present the  legacy award to my friend rep. ileana ! as the first #latina… 
great meeting with 's eric brown to discuss our shared commitment to #affordablehousing in #ca. with so man… 
 : thank you to  for meeting with us this morning to discuss nih funding for medical research! it’s great to…
 : today, ,  &amp;  researchers met with  to discuss the importance of  funding, w…
our  countdown started one year ago today -- only  to go until the world returns to la for the  summer… 
donald trump is lying. democrats and republicans agree -- , of our fellow americans in puerto rico were killed… 
 : thank you ⁦⁩ for listening to ⁦⁩ researchers and for your support of nih. #rallymedres https:…
 : an urgent fight against a killer #disease 👉  via   thanks  for raising #…
appreciated the opportunity to speak with witnesses during today's #metoo hearing on capitol hill, organized by the… 
 : thank you      for your leadership of the #publichealt…
great conversation about diversity &amp; leadership at today's #chci panel with my  colleagues… 
this #hungeractionmonth, let's remember that  in  la county residents are battling hunger. i'm fighting in congre… 
your response to hurricane maria was an utter catastrophe, mr. president. , of our fellow americans died. and y… 
 years after the #septemberth attacks, the shock and tragedy of that day still resonate. we will #neverforget t… 
 : . and , the co-chairs of the women’s working group on immigration reform, led  members of congr…
appreciate ’s support of our efforts to preserve flores, and to promote respect and compassion for women… 
thanks to  for their support in our fight to ensure immigrant women and children are treated fairly… 
my best wishes as our jewish community rings in the year !  happy #roshhashanah!  may it be a sweet, healthy, a… 
on this day in , our #goldenstate joined the union, becoming the st state. this #californiaadmissionday and e… 
the trump admin strips away crucial protections for detained children by withdrawing from the flores settlement. i'… 
the ' recent attack on #jobcorps ignores that % of long beach &amp; la job corps graduates are employed, in t… 
thank you to samantha cabrera and jacqueline campos, interns in my commerce office, for all your fantastic work thi… 
teens &amp; parents: are you concerned about the cost of a college education? come to the paramount public library (… 
estudiantes de preparatoria o secundaria del distrito  interesados en las academias de servicio, vengan a mi tall…  facts matter. 
reminder: under the ongoing assault on protections for pre-existing conditions by the trump administration and repu… 
my statement on trump’s claims regarding the th amendment:   "america has had enough of hi… 
 : let’s be clear: there is *no* plan from the trump administration to protect pre-existing conditions.   there *is* a lawsuit…
republicans in washington claim to support protections for people with pre-existing conditions but  poin… 
 : as we pray for the victims of the senseless attack at the tree of life synagogue this prayer i recieved as a gift hangs in…
i am deeply saddened to learn of the horrific and senseless tragedy that has unfolded today in pittsburgh. my heart… 
they are our unsung heroes who work everyday to keep us safe. we must remain vigilant and not let any act of terror… 
 : talk about a job killer – #toxictrump’s rollback of fuel efficiency standards could cost america , jobs. it’s bad…
 : “these are not hoax devices.” fbi director chris wray.
i wish the gop was more focused on fighting for the people — instead of big business and the wealthy — because amer… 
this report further illustrates how this harmful scheme hurts illinoisans and removes important tax deductions that… 
it is disgraceful that republicans are punishing middle-class homeowners while rewarding real estate developers wit… 
washington republicans have continued to show disdain for hard working americans. they are hellbent on working over… 
as reported by , illinois dems unveiled a new report outlining how the #goptaxscam hurts homeowners in eve… 
how long before trump calls it a fake van? 
the president of the united states is a conspiracy theorist. what a disgrace. 
republicans across the country remain a threat to people with pre-existing conditions.  said, if there… 
. has a long record of lying, saying one thing, and then doing another. his claims of supporting pr… 
    
i am thankful to law enforcement and the first responders who are our constant line of defense.
we will not succumb to fear or be intimidated by acts of violence and terrorism against public officials and privat… 
last week he praised a member of congress for body-slamming a reporter. 
 million people are walking today thanks to the polio vaccine. this #worldpolioday, let’s work to ensure every ch… 
evergreen tweet. 
the trump administration is undermining the health care of millions by trying to rip away protections for those wit… 
liar in chief. 
that is right and by acting as the catalyst to not only build trust in our communities but spawning medical advance… 
i remain committed to upgrading our broken infrastructure to modern standards and ensuring that every drop of water… 
this critically important legislation also reauthorizes the safe drinking water act for the first time in  years… 
the water infrastructure act of  includes my provision, h.r. , which will authorize $ million annually for… 
 
it is important that we get to the truth regarding the capture and death of mr. khashoggi. 
how is megyn kelly unaware that blackface has perpetuated disgusting, offensive, and racist stereotypes of african-… 
a more relevant chyron:   "republicans are attacking the health care of over  million americans" 
the president of the united states does not know that puerto rico is a u.s. territory and puerto ricans are citizen… 
americans deserve better than the gop’s incompetence.  their disastrous agenda is not working #forthepeople.  democ… 
these funds will provide much-needed hope and the opportunity for healing for people suffering from this disease. i… 
this grant will allow chicagoans on the south and west sides who experience an opioid overdose critical access to t… 
jeff sessions does not know chicago and his remarks prove it. he should be calling for more police accountability b… 
democrats believe that no american should ever have to break the bank to pay for the prescription drugs they need.… 
what has he accomplished? what results have been delivered? 
democrats are fighting #forthepeople, with bigger, bold thinking to address the challenges facing the families that trump left behind.
. promised, “we will always protect americans with pre-existing conditions… that’s a major part of… 
he just can’t help himself with the constant and unnecessary lies.  also, we’re out of session until november th. 
 
their rejection of scientific facts in the face of the growing climate crisis is disgraceful. 
 : one reason i believe the gop wants to do this is the speaker of the house &amp; the majority leader of the senate &amp; the omb c…
adler planetarium offers free admission days next week 
 : lies, lies and more lies! trump simply can’t help himself. ranking member  refuted similar statements from…
is the edit button there? 
he's lying again.   he tried to repeal the affordable care act and rip protections away from millions of americans… 
same. 
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
treat yourself. 
with cold snap gripping chicago, cta turns on platform heaters early 
can't stop, won't stop. destroying our health care. 
republicans just can’t stop their shameful assault on health care. democrats will continue to fight to… 
republicans have stuck our children with the bill for their deficit-exploding #goptaxscam to the wealthiest, and wi… 
. frequently celebrates “another great day for the stock market. consumer confidence is at record h… 
washington republicans will stop at nothing to destroy medicare, medicaid, and social security. the gop agenda is n… 
just as your health needs may change from year to year, so do medicare plan costs and coverage. use the annual medi… 
republicans and #toxictrump have abandoned any progress to reverse #climatechange in order to prop up polluters. de… 
"an email from a firm called extra mile, soliciting people to be paid $ to attend "an event in support of donald… 
“democratic rep. bobby rush of chicago, whose district includes one of the protected cemeteries, said in a statemen… 
evergreen tweet. 
 : “democrats are fighting #forthepeople — and republicans are fighting for the powerful. it’s time to get america back on…
 : judge constance baker motley was the first african american woman to argue before the supreme court, to be elected to the ne…
. once declared that big pharmaceutical companies are “getting away with murder” and that “we’re go… 
glad to see leadership from  has led to  acting on the senate counterpart to my bill.… 
. promised, “we will always protect americans with pre-existing conditions… that’s a major part of… 
 
 : hope everyone enjoyed the  days of autumn we had this year. 
today’s .% cola increase is good news for seniors, survivors, and people with disabilities who have earned social… 
americans deserve strong environmental action now to slow the pace of #climatechange 
the trump administration is undermining the health care of millions by trying to rip away protections for those wit… 
thank you to everyone who made our annual military academy day a success. this was a great informational and intera… 
the effects of air pollution are especially harmful to the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and low-inc… 
this is a sad day for our nation because the supreme court will forever be tainted by judge kavanaugh who is not wo… 
his confirmation is a step backwards for minorities across our country as he will radically reverse course on ameri… 
judge kavanaugh has also proven to have a dangerous and expansive view of presidential authority and has repeatedly… 
his invocation of the clintons and the  presidential election, his contempt towards members of the committee, a… 
i fear that his performance in his supplemental testimony before the senate judiciary committee is an indicator of… 
judge kavanaugh will no doubt be an activist judge who threatens to hinder the constitutionally-protected rights th… 
it is a disgrace that a political operative with such visible partisan leanings and contempt and disrespect for con… 
now — with the help of senators who outright ignored judge kavanaugh’s flawed views, hostility toward our current h… 
my statement on the confirmation of judge brett kavanaugh:  president trump campaigned on the promise of stacking t… 
“today’s verdict shows that law enforcement will be held accountable for their egregious and unjustified use of for… 
my statement on the conviction of jason van dyke:   while this conviction will not bring bac… 
 : . talks with  about church, black panthers and beating obama 
#energyefficiency = . million american jobs. celebrate the energy efficiency workforce on oct. , national energ… 
#kavanope 
today, i joined  members of the  in a letter to epa acting administrator andrew wheeler demanding… 
they also said the administration did not create a policy of separating families at the border. 
confirmation shade. 
not the ,, illinois residents who have pre-existing conditions and are at risk of losing their health insura… 
this is the same person who took out full page ads calling for the execution of the central park five before a tria… 
the #goptaxscam for the rich gives the better off more, hard-working americans less.  have a plan fo… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
hard-working americans aren't seeing the benefits from the #goptaxscam 
i remain committed to fighting for more funding that will benefit our local economy and improve the quality of life… 
i know the residents in the st congressional district of illinois will be pleased to see the benefits of this proj… 
federal dollars play a significant role in rebuilding and reimagining our infrastructure. and addressing and provid… 
americans will receive an alert on their cell phones from president trump tomorrow at : p.m. et. this is the fir… 
-soaring health care costs  -rising gas prices  -flat wages  -staggering debt burden  -gop tax scam  that's not wha… 
rush, durbin, illinois congressional delegation introduce resolution honoring illinois' bicentennial:… 
 : . keeps lying about protecting coverage for americans with pre-existing conditions.   the facts: doj to…
sleepless in pyongyang. 
he’s tweeting about snl when americans are dealing with higher premiums because of the gop’s assault on health care… 
 : the only politician to ever defeat barack obama in an election introduced a bill to designate the portion of interstate…
renaming a portion of i- will be a constant reminder of the legacy of president barack obama who started his hist… 
 : this is the same logic as “i’m going to die anyway so eating fast food for every meal won’t make a difference.” https:/…
the integrity of the supreme court is at stake and he's talking about the clintons. #kavanaughhearings 
there’s still time for an  background investigation to be completed. why are republicans so worried about an in… 
#trumppressconference 
 : twitter ceo jack dorsey () told congress that he would have a civil rights audits of the platform conducted, and congre…
it was great speaking with you about this legislation. 
today, i introduced h.r. , legislation which would designate the portion of interstate route  (i-) located… 
unexpected but timely running into  today. 
today, i stood with my fellow  in support of dr. ford as she prepares to give her testimony before t… 
did you know that the first #goptaxscam added $ trillion to the national debt – sticking our children with the bil… 
change happens when you #vote. simple as that. take the first step by registering to vote this… 
separating families, sabotaging health care, and giving tax breaks to the rich and well-connected at the expense of… 
"congress must act to protect the integrity and independence of the special counsel," rush said. "americans deserve… 
swift, fair enforcement of your policies—regardless of who is behind an offending account—would go a long way towar… 
despite earlier reports of his resignation, rosenstein is now set to meet with trump on thursday. this kind of inst… 
 : there's plenty of legislation that would protect mueller's investigation sitting in congress. this is only a crisis for the…
this is what happens when the white house is run like big brother. 
my statement regarding the resignation of deputy attorney general rod rosenstein:   with this news, congress must a… 
journalist, civil rights activist, and author alice allison dunnigan made history as the first african-american fem… 
that's what happens when you pass a #goptaxscam for the rich, which added nearly $ trillion to the deficit in orde… 
thank you for all the hard work, collaboration, and commitment to ensuring there is diversity in medical research a… 
to save lives in natural disasters like hurricane maria and irma,  needs to be prepared and supported for rapi… 
the death toll in #puertorico is a result of a massive storm and fema‘s failure to adequately respond. as a nation,… 
today, i announced that the national science foundation would award $,, in federal funding to .… 
under the twisted gop agenda, we can afford to give multi-billion dollar tax breaks to big pharma, but seniors stru… 
  there is nothing fake about the number of illinois residents who are living with pre-ex… 
 : rumors of my demise may have only been slightly exaggerated, but i’m still here and you’re not done with me yet. thankful…
 : in today’s edition of #wastedresources we’re exposing how republicans failed #puertorico following hurricane maria.  &amp; read h…
 : wishing all those observing yom kippur this evening a meaningful fast and reflective holiday. g'mar hatima tova.
today, i announced our annual military academy day. this event is free and open to all students, parents, and guida… 
 : i asked everyone in the room today to raise their hand if they had a pre-existing condition. this is why we must keep fi…
it is utterly appalling to witness their disdain for hard-working families with their constant and relentless attac… 
they are attempting to take health care away from nearly  million americans,  million of which are illinois res… 
washington republicans have waged an all-out assault on americans with pre-existing conditions and it is crystal cl… 
today, i stood with my democratic colleagues    … 
wishing my friend,  a speedy recovery. he’s a fighter. 
health care costs have risen, wages haven't kept up with inflation, corporations have laid off thousands of workers… 
they will stop at nothing to destroy the health coverage of americans. democrats will continue to fight to… 
greatest city in the world. 
go to bed. 
my statement on house passage of america’s water infrastructure act of . the legislation includes my provision,… 
republicans promised that their first #taxscam would result in workers receiving $, raises. those pay increases… 
thank you  for visiting my office today. #snap is vital in fighting hunger. an estimated  million h… 
emmy statuettes that were created in chicago are making their way to los angeles for  and i couldn't resis… 
 : watch live: full committee markup of  bills  →
he's delusional. 
since president trump signed the first #goptaxscam, wages aren’t keeping up with inflation, health care costs are r… 
more proof of the trump administration’s failure to oversee the disaster response, recovery and ensure the adequate… 
mae jemison grew up in the st congressional district of illinois and became a living legend. today, we honor her a… 
 
the right to vote is under dire threat from the gop’s mass disenfranchisement agenda. that’s why we must continue t… 
irresponsible and truly incompetent. 
house republican leaders are trying to double down on their historically unpopular #goptaxscam for the rich and wel… 
he's not a serious person. 
“the spr is now used more as a piggy bank to fund a vast variety of unrelated congressional initiatives, rather tha… 
no one living in reality.   maria caused widespread devastation across puerto rico, killing nearly , people.  m… 
today, we remember all the lives lost on #septemberth and honor the bravery of those who served to protect our co… 
no one cares about this.   especially not the ,, illinois residents who have pre-existing conditions and are… 
 : #happyroshhashanah to everyone celebrating across the nation. wishing you and your family all the best in the new year!…
judge kavanaugh has taken numerous positions that question his ability to be an independent check on the president,… 
that's right. my fellow democrats and i are working hard to #protectourcare from republican sabotage. we're doing i… 
his exact quote: “i think he’s a kook. i think he’s crazy. i think he’s unfit for office.” 
-rising gas prices -flat wages -staggering debt republicans think you are #betteroffnow. the truth is you deserve… 
the pleasure is all mine! 
today, i introduced the ‘‘depression side effect labeling awareness act of .’’ this bill would amend the federa… 
you know the people who don't care who wrote the nyt op-ed? the millions of americans with pre-existing conditions… 
today, i delivered the following remarks at the markup on the strategic petroleum reserve reform act. read them her… 
today, i had a great meeting with cook county board president  and cook county health and hospital… 
it's disgraceful.   right here in illinois, ,, people have pre-existing conditions and are at risk of losing… 
. said republicans have been doing "an awful job" overseeing the trump administration and that democra… 
 : "i would just suggest that they maybe find an office to sleep in." -  on how often  officials will be o…
during a congress hearing on wednesday, , a democrat from illinois, asked  dorsey if the commande… 
during an interview with , twitter's legal and policy chief said, there “is not a blanket exception for th… 
i asked  dorsey what is  doing to combat those who use his platform to organize or perpetrate street g… 
today, during our hearing with twitter ceo  dorsey, i followed up on a question raised by  regard… 
i’ll be questioning  soon. watch live 👇🏾 
once again, republicans are trying to take away protections for those with pre-existing conditions. democrats will… 
republicans in washington will stop at nothing to destroy the health coverage of people with pre-existing condition… 
brett kavanaugh was hand-picked from a list of radical conservatives. #whatsatstake 
my colleagues in the senate are asking a crucial question: “what is the gop hiding?” why won’t they let the vast ma… 
brett kavanaugh turned his back on the reality of gun violence. what do you expect him to do if he's placed on the… 
no. that means his staff knows he's temperamentally unfit and reckless. 
the person who has made , false or misleading claims in  days should not be talking about standards:… 
the affordable care act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. so the real chaos is the possib… 
america’s economy is at its strongest when our workers have the rights and working conditions they deserve.… 
today, we honor the labor movement that transformed our country and strengthened our economy. america is stronger t… 
what are they hiding? 
he didn’t. 
his love of country and selfless sacrifice on behalf of our nation is one of the greatest examples of public servic…  enjoyed the newport news state of the city presentation today. pictured with delegate marcia price, peninsula chamb… 
joined portsmouth school board chair claude parent, superintendent elie bracy, iii, vice chair costella b. williams… 
 : in september, secretary devos inexplicably changed the college scorecard to make it harder for students to evaluate an…
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
joined hampton vice mayor jimmy gray, my colleague, rep. anthony brown and hampton mayor donnie tuck at the hampton… 
the senseless act of gun violence in pittsburgh appears to also be an act of hate. religious hatred has no place in… 
attended the virginia state bar council dinner this evening. pictured with president leonard heath, jr. and immedia… 
great to see elected officials and supporters of the hampton roads committee of + men at their supporter recogni… 
the president claims to support protections for people with pre-existing conditions, but his record says otherwise. 
congratulations  on  years serving students. also, it was good to see former gov gerald baliles. 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 : yet again, the trump administration is unraveling protections for people with pre-existing conditions, pushing america…
the trump administration is ignoring science and pushing an ideological agenda to deny transgender people basic dig… 
attended the celebration of the th anniversary of gen macarthur’s return to the philippines, with special guests… 
 : the christening of the #ussdelaware is underway in newport news, virginia! proud to be here with , …
joined norfolk elected officials in the celebration of the ghent neighborhood's marker celebration with the nationa… 
our bill can address recidivism and public health situations like the ones described here.  by temporarily suspendi… 
this is why  and i introduced the supporting positive outcomes after release act. evidence shows that hea… 
 : #icymi over  democrats called on secretary devos to release more information about the department’s failure to fait…
now that the republicans have exploded the deficit with the #goptaxscam, they want to pay for it by making cuts to… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
participated in delegate marcia price's redistricting town hall. pictured with delegate price (center), mr. tony fa… 
great to see elected and civic leaders at the  black men virginia peninsula chapter’s th annual salute to mento… 
gave remarks at the th anniversary celebration of the national association of collaborative leadership. pictured… 
joined hampton elected officials at the mayor's committee for people with disabilities annual awards luncheon yeste… 
reminder to all middle and high school students -- the deadline to submit your application for the congressional ap… 
today’s .%  cola increase is good news for seniors, survivors &amp; people w/ disabilities who have earned social sec… 
gave remarks at the second annual virginia asian chamber of commerce's procurecon hampton roads. pictured with mr.… 
joined former norfolk mayor paul fraim and my colleague congressman scott taylor last evening at the ribbon cutting… 
president . promised that under republican leadership, health care would be “a lot less expensive f… 
 : virginians should prepare for tropical force winds, heavy rainfall, inland flooding and coastal flooding in southeastern virginia…
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
participated in a town hall about safety in our schools, churches, workplaces and homes, sponsored by the safe va i… 
i joined more than  of my democratic colleagues urging  to reverse discriminatory new  polic… 
celebrated the completion of the final oyster reef restoration project for the lafayette river at an event earlier… 
great to see roger-mark desouza, president and ceo of sister cities international, at the norfolk sister city assoc… 
 : good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech    http…
honored to receive the trailblazer award during the norfolk branch of the naacp's freedom fund luncheon. pictured w… 
talked about the role of urban communities in improving housing, education, and public policy at a town hall at the… 
i urge all of my colleagues in the senate to vote against the confirmation of judge kavanaugh  
great to see members of the maritime community at the th annual hampton roads navigational summit today 
october is national disability employment awareness month. let’s celebrate the contributions of the disability comm… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
congratulations to the city of newport news on winning awards at the go green at the vml green government challenge… 
joined mayor price and councilwoman cherry at the newport news commonwealth's attorney office domestic violence awa… 
 : #capac members celebrate filipino american history month! check out their statements here:  …
we must honor them with action. #enoughisenough 
today the  pushed through a second #goptaxscam that will cost an additional $. trillion. 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
 : congressman : "great places don't just happen. they are a result of great planning." #apagreatplaces #apapac h…
watch as we examine whether recovery efforts in puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands are meeting the needs of lo… 
 : 📺  #happeningnow: at a full committee hearing, democrats will focus on:  . the need to avoid politicizing the protect…
today is #voterregistrationday. virginia voters - check and update your registration here: 
 :  names #norfolkva ghent neighborhood one of the five great neighborhoods on yearly great places in america list…
 : . is leading a democratic forum on education in puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands on thursday at : p…
proud to have ghent in norfolk named one of ’s great neighborhoods by . #apagreatplaces 
 : news: ranking member  and  are questioning whether the trump administration violated coal min…
attended a community health fair in chesapeake this afternoon 
presented words from the congressional record to the rev. dr. reginald woodhouse in celebration of the th annive… 
attended an event with senior swami sadgurur p pu. ghanshymanbapa hosted by the baps madirs temple in newport news 
joined members of the newport news city council and southeast community residents at the ribbon cutting for the lin… 
proud to present words from the congressional record to the united steelworkers  in honor of their th anniver… 
gave remarks at the chesapeake branch of the naacp's freedom fund luncheon 
 : attention seniors planning to attend college...this is for you.  please make plans to go. 
discussed aging issues from the federal perspective during the peninsula agency on aging's legislative summit and b… 
with the internet and social media, it has never been easier to start a successful small business. we need… 
had a great time with elected officials from all over the region at the hampton roads chamber of commerce's legisla… 
joined dignitaries, norfolk state university students and alumni at the annual founders day breakfast with keynote… 
honored to join peninsula elected officials at the th annual elected official volunteer day at the peninsula foodb… 
celebrated the th anniversary of the peninsula reads program this morning. pictured with peninsula elected offici… 
. must suspend the new, aggressive rulemaking process that could abandon key protections and give free… 
 : new data released by the census bureau reveals that during president trump’s first year in office, uninsured rates sta…
 :  rescinded #vaevacuation zone a. local officials may have additional instructions. check road conditions at htt…
 : have a concern? know exactly who to call #hurricaneflorence #florenceva 
many areas in hampton roads are prone to flooding. remember that it is never safe to drive through moving water. 
 : heavy, rough surf will threaten the eastern seaboard from new england to florida over the coming days as florence's wi…
 : virginia:  announced the opening of two state-managed shelters to assist evacuations. the #shelters at christop…
 : know the location of your closest shelter! #hurricaneflorence #florence  lyft is providing free rides, up to $ dollars, using c…
. has an excellent guide on how to prepare for a hurricane. click here to read the guide: 
 : what can you do to #hurricaneprep? take an inventory today of what you need that relies on electricity, especially for med…
 : teams are continuing their work to fully restore   and , however the know your zone…
 : stay informed: download the fema app, available for apple and android mobile devices, to receive real-time alerts, safety tips, s…
paid tribute to the lives that were lost seventeen years ago in the terrorist attacks during a remembrance ceremony… 
portions of hampton roads are now under evacuation order. make sure you know your zone —visit… 
honored to join governor northam, senator wagner, delegate yancey, nn vice-mayor vick, president trible and other d… 
 : just sent a letter with  and the entire virginia delegation urging the president to support ’s request…
had a great time at the meet and greet for teens with a purpose this afternoon.  pictured with wayne scriven, norfo… 
#florence is now a major category  hurricane. make sure you start preparing now before the storm arrives. 
 : #breaking: #florence is a major category  hurricane with  mph winds 
great seeing the muglers at the odu game this evening 
had a great time at the taste of suffolk this afternoon 
 : pre-game chat with congressman scott. go monarchs!!.   
 : governor northam has declared a state of emergency in advance of tropical storm florence. read more here: …
 : “today’s jobs report once again shows that the republican tax bill is nothing but a broken promise to american workers…
 : today, i partnered with  and our great #va senators   to introduce a bicameral resolution c…
republicans continue to sabotage the aca and undermine protections for americans living with pre-existing condition… 
 : happening now: ranking member scott joins , , , &amp;  to release…
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
great to see committed citizens like the feel good crew, who have worked to make sure that kids have the supplies t… 
attended a reception yesterday that was hosted by mayor kenneth alexander and the norfolk city council for outgoing… 
this is insulting to our federal workforce. president trump's plan harms our federal government, our federal workfo… 
 : schools need new technology, more funding for art &amp; stem classes, and stronger mental health services for students. th…
arming teachers will recklessly endanger the safety of both students and educators. i led   to de… 
 : ranking member  responds to resignation of top  student loan watchdog: "seth frotman’s resignation is…
 : congressman bobby scott honors teledyne hastings for export sales achievements  …
our hearts break for jacksonville. congress cannot continue to do nothing. #enoughisenough  
great to see newport news schoolboard member john eley and all the attendees at the doris miller community center b… 
had a great time yesterday at the buffalo family and friends community day at elizabeth river park 
john mccain was a true patriot and a hero. thank you, john mccain, for a lifetime of service to our nation. 
congratulations to bishop kim brown and the mount for a successful back to school event today. pictured with del. h… 
it's great to see elected officials, law enforcement and the community coming together at the y.h. thomas center in… 
honored to join elected officials, the official party and sailors at the establishment ceremony for the navy's seco… 
 : the #goptaxscam was a massive windfall for big banks – and its showing. as these banks see their profits surge  percent,…
 : aft president randi weingarten () says the #aimhigher act “takes important steps forward” compared to the…
 : the national education association () says the #aimhigher act would give all students the opportunity to “ach…
was honored to tour and present the u.s. department of commerce/international trade administration's export achieve… 
had a great tour of the international paper mill today in franklin 
 : if the administration is unwilling to abandon this proposal, congress must step in to protect students and educators f…
as one of the primary authors of every student succeeds act, i am certain that congress never intended - or even im… 
received great feedback from residents in portsmouth and chesapeake as officials from vhda, elected officials and i… 
we must continue making investments in our youth and ensure they stay on the right track.  
had an interview earlier with news now about my investing in summer jobs for youth events today. 
had a great discussion about opportunities that have been afforded to step program participants during my investing… 
learned about the impact the city of newport news' step program is having on the peninsula's young men and women du… 
had a great tour of auxiliary systems, inc.’s headquarters today in norfolk 
discussed several important regional issues with my hampton roads delegation colleagues at the annual hampton roads… 
thanks to chef brittany for catering addison’s rd annual entrepreneur’s ball at the downing-gross cultural arts ce… 
attended the retirement celebration of john skirven, executive director of senior services of southeastern virginia… 
had a great time at the empowering and uplifting foundation’s nd annual community day in franklin 
attended the medicaid expansion information session in norfolk. pictured with gaylene kannoyton of celebrate health… 
joined senator tim kaine at the nansemond indian nation’s th annual pow wow in suffolk 
joined elected officials from norfolk and chesapeake at the booker t. washington high school friends and family fou… 
honored to salute our community's servicemen and servicewomen at the hampton roads chamber of commerce's annual mil… 
proud to join suffolk mayor linda johnson at the ribbon-cutting for the suffolk tricare prime clinic 
honored to participate in the unveiling of the allen iverson basketball court at the boys and girls club today 
attended the th anniversary celebration of the williamsburg pottery at the kingsmill resort. pictured with kim ma… 
helped entrepreneurs in the smithfield area at my business workshop with the small business administration and the… 
great to see law enforcement, members of the boys &amp; girls clubs staff and elected officials at mayor price’s th an… 
helped hampton roads'  entrepreneurs locate resources to start and grow businesses during the business workshop i c… 
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
about to start my town hall in chesapeake. live feed will be available here: 
had a great time talking to the young people at the education day hosted by eastern virginia adult care at the boys… 
great to see my former staff member maggie keator and the members of chapter  of the national active and retired… 
had a great roundtable discussion today at  local  with leaders from local labor unions from acros… 
 : what is ' #forthepeople agenda? ✔lower health care costs &amp; reduce the price of rx drugs ✔raise wages &amp; crea…
i want to talk to you about the #aimhigheract &amp; how improving higher education is a priority for . e… 
 : rep.  &amp;  have a vision for the future of higher education. the #aimhigheract, gives every studen…
 : icymi:  &amp;  demand briefing on new doj religious libey task force   more here: …
honored to give remarks during the opening session of the th constitutional convention of the virginia afl-cio. p… 
great to catchup with my alpha phi alpha brothers during the national naval officers association symposium 
had a great interview with kara dixon from wavy  about my remarks at the naval officers association symposium 
gave the keynote address during the national naval officer’s association’s annual symposium luncheon this afternoon… 
i will be hosting two town hall meetings next week -- one in newport news and one in chesapeake. i hope to see you… 
great to see law enforcement, elected officials and the community come together during the national night out festi… 
 : b applauds the administration &amp; congress, especially , , , , …
 : thank you  and rep.  for leading the charge against the bureau of prisons’ dangerous and discriminatory…
 thanks for reaching out! please call my district office at -- and ask to speak with my sched… 
today’s jobs report highlights the failure of the #goptaxscam to improve the lives of hard-working americans. 
 : #read ranking member : secretary devos' regulatory agenda is an ominous sign for students and taxpayers. ht…
more evidence that the #goptaxscam is benefiting corporate executives instead of working families.  
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c…
had a great time at the tidewater chapter of the tuskegee airmen, inc.'s th annual scholarship gala last evening 
attended the retirement celebration for hampton assistant city manager james "pete" peterson. pictured with mayor d… 
joined norfolk city council members paul riddick and courtney doyle in wishing mr. george h. banks a happy retireme… 
honored to give remarks during the virginia aerospace science technology scholars (vasts) program closing ceremony… 
i was proud to vote for the #fyndaa, which gives our servicemembers a well-deserved raise and authorizes more shi… 
today is the th anniversary of the americans with disabilities act, a landmark civil rights law that prohibits di… 
 : new: today, , , , and  released a new report today from  that i…
the trump administration’s attack on protections for people w/ pre-existing conditions could strip access to afford… 
see what experts and advocates are saying about the #aimhigher act. 
 : house dems are taking steps to ensure students graduate on time &amp; without the crushing burden of student loan debt. i thank…
 : just finished speaking on ' #aimhigher act. any reauthorization of the higher education act should give…
watch as i join my democratic colleagues to unveil the #aimhigher act 
 : there is more than $. trillion in outstanding student loan debt in america. we deserve a better higher education sys…
today, along with house democratic leadership, i am unveiling the #aimhigher act – the democratic vision for an acc… 
honored to serve as a conferee and sign the conference report for the national defense authorization act for fy.… 
more proof that the #goptaxscam was just a handout to corporations and the super rich. working families need… 
 : rep. bobby scott  at education equity summer institute: education is the great equalizer. #edequityva https://t.c…
 : president trump has ignored the advice of his intelligence professionals and trusted a dictator instead. putin has lied…
i see what you did there. 
 : breaking: it was just public relations stunt...president trump's highly publicized executive order on workforce traini…
spoke to the american jail association about the death in custody reporting act and ways that we can reduce crime a… 
i am proud to be a founding member of the congressional medicare for all caucus. together we will work to build on… 
further proof that the #goptaxscam is exploding the deficit. 
 : 📺 #happeningnow: ranking member  holds roundtable on federal policy responses to automation, with …
proud to support 's bipartisan effort to prevent harmful tariffs on newsprint from becoming permanent. 
 : i just don’t buy the president’s comments today. if he wanted to take a stand on russian election interference, he should h…
had a good time speaking to a group of fellows from ’s center for law and government about many legislativ… 
 : 📺 #happeningnow watch at an early childhood and secondary education subcommittee hearing committee democrats support #…
risk adjustment payments are crucial to maintaining market stability &amp; supporting protections for people with pre-e… 
 : thank you, , for amplifying this exception planning story. we're proud to call hilton village an #apagreatplac…
 :  out here in support of evidence based practices for criminal justice reform and ending mandatory minimum se…
 : thankful rep  was able to talk with  and  today. he’s a tireless champion for equity and advocat…
 : . “we have the solution in the butch lewis act...we have to get it passed.” #saveourpensions …
 : on wednesday,  urged superintendents to prioritize civil rights and educational equity at the  legis…
had a good time at the phenix high school legacy dinner yesterday in hampton with joe king, sheila peddrew, chaunce… 
yesterday, i participated in the celebration of the extraordinary life of former chesapeake mayor bill ward. bill s… 
stopped by to thank the rev. dr. corey brown and the congregation of providence baptist church for their commitment… 
 : today, rm , at a joint select committee hearing in columbus, ohio, will have a chance to hear from workers…
this is a continuation of the trump administration’s relentless campaign to sabotage the affordable care act, and i…   : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
 : more more bombs were sent to trump critics.   joins us on #rolandmartinunfiltered to discuss the threats…
i attended a screening of  with a group of high school students in jackson, mississippi, the hometown… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : .’s mini documentary about all that african americans and other marginalized communities have lost under …
 : the trump administration its 'public charge' immigration rule that could impact millions.  immigrants should not have to…
 : as a result of president ’s policies and programs, #wehavelostalot. in order to get back what we’ve lost, we…
 : #icymi congressman  visited capital city beverages in miss. watch more via  ↓ 
 : well, it seems pretty obvious that the fbi "investigation" was specifically limited in scope to provide political cover for s…
 : yale classmate says #kavanaugh mischaracterized his alcohol consumption recalled seeing him "staggering from alcohol cons…
 hi spencer — yes, a staffer in my office took this photo.
i believe dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurivors #kavanaughhearings 
 : i stand with you dr. blasey ford. it is troubling to see how much we’ve regressed in the  years since anita hill’s testimo…
 : ranking member  speaks on the house floor in support of the faa reauth security provisions--------------&gt;…
 : i’ve joined  in asking that gao conduct a review of the death toll in puerto rico. an accurate death to…
 : today: if you're unable to join  in dc for the #hurricanemaria conference hosted by , …
live: "the hurricane maria conference: reflecting on catastrophe and preparing for the future" 
 : #scotus judges are appointed for life, and the monumental decisions they hand down affect us all. the senate must thoroughly…
 : .: "for a long time, we have heard a lot of conversation, but our committee, we’ve only had one hearin…
i’m proud to support the  mississippi museums participating in #museum day on /. where will your curiosity lead… 
myself along with  and  are hosting the hurricane maria conference this thursday! we… 
 : . of  says he's received assurances from  that fed govt is prepared for florence.   b…
 : , top house homeland dem: "the fact that the president will not take responsibility for his admin's failures…
 : now: congressman  is live with me to talk about #homelandsecurity and the  legislative confere…
 : mississippi congressman, , highlights the significance of the #middleeast and the benefits of conducting…
 : great meeting this morning with guy king at the office of . thanks for letting us discuss what #voluntee…
 : ranking member  statement marking the th anniversary of the #septemberth,  attacks: #neverforget…
 : we will always remember everyone we lost on /, thank the first responders who keep us safe, and honor all who defend ou…
how many of you knew that jesse holland, the author of marvel’s  book, is a native of holly springs… 
 : curtis hill, a  sargent shriver youth warrior, interned at 's (d-ms nd district) this past summer. re…
 : the  stands with  in his effort to release kavanaugh’s views on racial profiling gop labeled “committee…
the documents released by my friend, , prove just how unfit #kavanuagh is to become a supreme court just… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
my colleagues in the senate are asking a crucial question: “what is the gop hiding?” why won’t they let the vast ma… 
 : i can’t overstate how serious this is. senate republicans are concealing judge kavanaugh’s public records in order to in…
 :  prisoners died in one month in mississippi. their families want to know why.  
#ms is open! register today. 
 : the congressional app challenge () is back and students in ’s district (ms-) are now elig…
. plays golf at the expense of tax payers, and now he wants to cut raises for well-deserved federal… 
 : civil rights groups, including the , plan to ramp up get-out-the-vote efforts in mississippi. : we wa…
 :   will be hosting a centeringpregnancy kickoff tuesday, august th at : am. centering is an innov…
 : statement from , the state’s sole democratic delegate in washington. 
congressman thompson released the following statement regarding the verdict of ’s former campaign c… 
 : michael cohen's crimes go right to . these crimes helped trump win the election. any effort to pardon michael…
 : trump continues to abuse his office and obstruct justice by stripping security clearances from former intel officials who sp…
 : letter by  members of congress outlines what's at stake for thousands of people in mississippi if medicaid waiver is a…
 : thank you  for calling attention to the disproportionate harm that mississippi’s medicaid waiver would brin…
today, myself along with  house democratic members sent a letter to  concerning the medicaid work require… 
 : aretha franklin’s contributions toward the civil rights movement shouldn’t go unnoticed. she helped activists post bail, s…
 : birthday of maxine waters, the nd african-american woman elected to congress to represent california () #todayinb…
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…

 : i want to talk to you about the #aimhigheract &amp; how improving higher education is a priority for . every stu…
 : state director . visits with u. s. rep.  and attorney sharon bridges during the  p…
 : thanks to coordination from ms congressman   donated , lbs. of protein today in tunica…
 :  thank you for being a leader in #tysoncommunities!
for ten years  has donated a truckload of protein to mid-south food bank to help end hunger throughout… 
. is donating a truckload of protein to north mississippi food banks. today, we are holding a press conf… 
 : a medicaid work requirement in mississippi would create a catch-, where working individuals who meet the requirement…
the fact just  days after the sign, at the sight of the emmett till murder, was replaced, it was shot again. how… 
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c…
we ended the day with a tour of the house floor and a beautiful view off of the speakers balcony, courtesy of ms. l… 
one of the special things about our internship is the access that we have to rep. thompson.  we love that he is nev… 
congressman thompson ensures that his interns are prepared to succeed after graduation. today we attended the congr… 
we have had a blast interning on the hill. we’ve had the opportunity to meet so many influential people throughout… 
check out this photo from the first time i saw congressman thompson live on the house floor! i was excited, intrigu… 
in the mornings, we have the chance to prep the congressman on the details of the day. this consists of trending to… 
happy national intern day! my name is tyson king, a hattiesburg native and a recent hattiesburg high graduate. i wi… 
hey,  my name is curtis hill. i am a junior at the university of ms majoring in english. my love for education and… 
hello! my name is jarrius adams and i am a senior public policy and political science student at the university of… 
it’s #interntakeover day in my office and my three washington interns will be taking over my facebook and twitter a… 
 : today would have been #emmetttill's th birthday.  more than  years after his brutal death, the u.s. department of justice…
the #aimhigher act empowers students and parents with better, more detailed information so they can find a quality… 
 : kavanaugh’s scotus confirmation would be a rubber stamp for radical gop attempts to silence black and brown voters, rever…
 : i never thought there would come a day where families across my hometown wouldn’t be able to trust the water coming out o…
 : the fact that dan coats, the director of national intelligence, didn't know putin was coming to town should alarm everyone.…
 : the trump administration's decision to add a citizenship question to the #census is a dangerous &amp; deeply political mov…
ms. janeka jenkins, native of #ms's  and student at , was awarded the… 
 : the  needs to get over its addiction to donald trump. the president’s behavior has gone beyond defying norms. hi…
' vicksburg campus is seeking team leaders! to learn more and apply go to: .
 : . , who has called for an investigation into new developments in the emmett till murder, on the reopenin…
 : the federal government has reopened its investigation into the slaying of emmett till, the black teenager whose brutal killing sh…
yesterday, the presidents of , ,  and  presented me with an award for a… 
take a look at this list of pre-existing conditions and chances are you'll identify with one or more of them. with… 
 : . : the obama-era #affirmativeaction policies that you recently rolled back have given thousands of african-a…
 : check out ranking member  on the new  podcast with  &amp; . they disc…
 : brett kavanaugh has been clear where he stands on a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. the senate must #st…
 : i cannot stress enough that our fundamental liberties are at stake with there being crucial cases coming before the supr…

 : no one in congress has taken on  like . she’s brave, she’s bold, and she’s brilliant. and…
 : today is national hiv testing day. the rate of new hiv diagnoses among african americans is more than  / times higher tha…
 : we #standwithmaxine.   cbc chair : "in exercising her constitutional right to freedom of speech at a recent ra…
 : being born a woman shouldn’t be a “pre-existing condition.” but if republicans’ attacks on protections for millions of…
five years ago, the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in its shelby county v. holder decision, but there i… 
voting is not a use-it-or-lose-it-right. but  years after shelby county v. holder, anti-voter politicians are usin… 
 : ranking member  speaks on the house floor (just now) opposing the  immigration legislation #hr…
 : #poorpeoplescampaign is building a platform for the people’s voices to be heard. grateful for elected representatives like…
 : our congressional panel discussion “immigration policy failures: from family separation to detention practices” just star…
 : today  are considering their “budget for a brighter american future,” which makes extreme cuts to medica…
 : today all  and ranking member thompson wrote chairman  to urge him to join us in calling for presi…
 : today on #juneteenth we commemorate the end of centuries of slavery here in the united states, which was justified in par…
 : today, we celebrate the rd anniversary of the declared freedom of enslaved african-americans. #juneteenth #blackfact http…
"there have been proposed tariffs — taxes that companies pay to ship or bring in merchandise — that will effect man… 
 : . is giving america a false choice. protecting our borders doesn’t mean tearing apart families – and we have…
 : roundtable on family separation on the border about to begin with  and ranking member . th…
 : congressman thompson at the congressional baseball game for charity of which aarp is one of the sponsors.  http…
 : new bill pushes for an independent commission to investigate federal response to puerto rico hurricanes by   w…
 : what has  accomplished in + days?  americans need #abetterdeal! 
 : over  million americans with pre-existing conditions are protected under the aca. last week, the trump administration ann…
 : tomorrow is wear something red wednesday, the day on which members of congress show their support for the #chibokgirls. we a…
fifty-five years ago, civil right icon, medgar evers, was assassinated in front of his jackson home. we will never… 
 : six months ago, america’s families were told their interests were at the heart of the #goptaxscam.  today, big oil &amp; gas a…
 : breaking: i am leading  colleagues with  and  to demand that congress stop funding the dep…
#icymi: "fifty years ago, a mule train left marks, miss., en route to washington, d.c., starting the poor people’s… 
 : .  said an independent commission would “give us the opportunity to get to the facts.” #puertorico https…
standing with my colleagues of the  to address the #hurricanemaria death toll report. 
 : the  is bringing attention to the new report on #hurricanemaria fatalities in #puertorico and the need f…
 : happening now: ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩…
 : .’s expectations haven’t often met reality during his first  days in office. the #goptaxscam is a prime example of…
 : learn to “connect and grow your business” during the  minority supplier symposium, hosted at mvsu on june  and sponso…
 : . , top dem on the homeland security committee, is calling for the panel to visit puerto rico to assess…
once again, your hard earned dollars are being used to fund trump's recreational activities. 
 : this #memorialday, take a moment to pause and honor the men and women who have fallen in service of our country; they are fo…
congressman thompson’s statement for no vote on #gopfarmbill: 
i am proud to have put a stop towards the #gopfarmbill, that would've put thousands of mississippians at risk of lo… 
 : education. community-building. wealth-building. health. you can help influence growth toward these goals in your community…
the #gopfarmbill requires #snap recipients to confront former partners to recoup child support, or else they lose b… 
service to the poor and neediest among us appears in one form or another in every manner of faith. that’s why i’m l… 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s not true. , households will lose benefits.
 : today we celebrate the th anniversary of the brown vs. board of education decision with renewed energy to #protectourcourts –…
 : the  talks a big game about supporting farmers, but this #gopfarmbill hurts millions - from the pasture to the plate…
 : .  bill to make the home of civil rights medgar evers a national monument is headed to the senate: the d…
 : . introduces resolution that would, if passed, require dhs to provide documents about cyber threats posed b…
 : h.r.  by  passed the house yesterday (→senate). medgar evers home national monument act …
 :  million people will have their access to food threatened if the  passes their hyper-partisan #farmbill.  that’s…
 : tonight, the house votes on 's #bipartisan bill establishing a national monument at the mississippi home…
 : the house is scheduled to vote today on a bill proposed by  that would make the home of medgar evers a n…
 : 🔜 h.r.  by : medgar evers home national monument act  🏛️
 :  celebrating th anniversary of mlk jr’s poor people’s campaign, marks mule train marks, ms to washington d…
 : .   on push to add ms civil rights sites to : this part of our history, for me, is perso…
 : ranking member  proudly joins you. #publiccharge rule must be stopped. 
 : cbc chairman  signs our ,-page #jobsandjustice act of  after a press conference on thursday, may , …
 : today at : am et, the cbc will introduce the #jobsandjustice act, omnibus legislation that would, if passed, increase…
 : nat’l park service hearing on designating civil rights sites in ms as possible nat’l park sites. wapt news https://t…
 : icymi - ranking member  blasts 'inhumane' trump policy on border crossings  
 : it’s time to send a clear message on the #census that #everyonecounts. an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
it was an honor to walk with ’s class of  during our golden anniversary. it was truly special t… 
 : i will never forget watching as the  celebrated passing #trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
each year, the federal government awards a significant percentage of contracting opportunities to small businesses… 
 : .  said the beauty of being a member of congress on #recess is you get to interact with constituents at…
 : . , who is back in mississippi, on congressional recess: some folks think it’s exciting to come to washi…
may is national foster care month. as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth, i am proud to renew my… 
 : judge rules in favor of  daca lawsuit    our nation made a promise to protect undocumented y…
fact:  is currently under seven separate investigations. he needs to be held accountable for his fai… 
 : hearing on , homeland security, and the budget with the secretary is about to begin . video &amp; more…
 : state director ., state president gwen prater &amp; . talked with guy king, legislative assistant to u.s…
 : four years later, the flint water crisis is not over. flint families and children still need our support.  to say: #d…
the people of my district depend on federal housing subsidies. i will fight relentlessly to ensure … 
 : . and  demand fema remain in puerto rico to help with electrical grid. get this and more in…
 : “the women in the th cong..are serving..in part b/c of the cra of ’ &amp; vra of ’..their diversity..give us hope our…
 : michael mcfield a safety specialist from our plant in mississippi had a great meeting with his old friend …
republicans yet again are jeopardizing snap benefits for millions of low-income americans including thousands of… 
 : snap is the country's most effective anti-hunger program, helping  in  americans afford a basic diet, with most recip…
 : this is completely false. the gop #farmbill cuts over $ billion in snap benefits from hungry americans. https://t.co…
 : happy birthday ! enjoy your day! 
fyi! national park service is hosting an open house about historic civil rights related sites… 
 : it’s #taxday – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the #goptaxscam until they are blue in the face. ju…
this week, i welcomed gerald, d’anthony and zion to capitol hill to present their computer application, stem advent… 
 : trump’s judicial nominee for the eastern district of louisiana refused to say whether she supported brown v. board? and y…
 : . &amp;  seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on #medicare &amp; #socialsec…
roughly three weeks ago, i sent a letter to ’s ceo &amp; coo requesting a briefing on its efforts towards elec… 
black women must work till august  for salaries to finally catch up to what white men made in ! #equalpayday 
congratulations , ! 
 : fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend, dr. martin luther king, jr.,  reminds us that real pr…
it’s not too late too enroll in the public service loan forgiveness program! here’s how: 
“the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at… 
 : our hearts ache as we mourn the loss of #winniemandela. for decades she was a symbol of resistance to systems of political…
 : on #afterwords at pm et  retraces the events leading up to the assassination of martin luther king, jr. …
 : great opportunity in the delta today to present mohs opportunities to local leaders at the federal resources workshop…
 : after a decades-long court battle, mississippi’s black colleges won a $-million settlement. but it takes more than money…
 : we send our thoughts and prayers to linda brown’s loved ones. may she rest in power. the struggle to end “separate but equ…
i’m proud to have a “f” grade from the nra. thank you to the young people who attended #marchforourlives putting pr… 
 : my #ontherecord podcast with guest #congress member  #ms, ranking member of  , t…
i stand with the students who will be attending the #marchforourlives this weekend in washington. your willingness… 
agriculture is mississippi's bread and butter. i will forever be a champion to the agriculture community of mississ… 
 : #mississippi  speaking out about the bombings in #austin #austinbombings #austinbomber  https://t.…
 : ranking member ,  chair  &amp;  released this statement on the terrori…
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and staff of . she was truly a fighter and advocate for… 
 : yesterday,  announced they will immediately issue hurricane loan forgiveness for , , ,…
 : hearing on  and the lessons from the  disasters just began with ranking member . video &amp; more in…
 : you see , pairs of shoes to represent , children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook. i see , birthdays, h…
secretary tillerson is one of the many people who have left the trump administration, which continues to demonstrat… 
 : icymi: ranking member  and  rm  sent a letter to pres. trump regarding debr…
happy birthday to my friend and colleague, . i hope you are enjoying your day!
  hello. feel free to reach out to a member of my washington staff at --.
 : let's work together to make the mississippi delta a better place at #wtr. | register for the  conference here: https://…  : joined  today to discuss trump comments: “u.s. rep. lloyd doggett, who represents austin and san antonio, suggeste…
much fun this weekend as we joined with grandchildren to once again participate in the viva la vida parade, to cele… 
 : democracy at work. beautiful. 
 : thank you, congressman lloyd doggett, for your leadership on this critical issue! i appreciate your unwavering commitment…
"'he continues to foment bigotry and do everything he can to distract attention from his failures on health care an… 
joined  today to discuss trump comments: “u.s. rep. lloyd doggett, who represents austin and san antonio, sugge… 
warning: this article contains disturbing images. for those that choose to read it, this haunting  report s… 
open enrollment for  health coverage begins this thurs /-/.  has  volunteers in austin to si… 
 : in response to pittsburg shooting,  writes“all of us have a responsibility to seek less violence and viole…
 : after 's stunning #birthrightcitizenship assertions, san antonio  calls it another effort "…
new: my statement on president trump stating his wish to use executive order to end birthright citizenship, as defi… 
 tomorrow night,  at temple beth el will honor the  lives lost. may their memories be… 
at times of great sorrow, the strength of our friends &amp; neighbors help us. last night,  hosted a vigil… 
 : free press is not the “enemy of the people.” it’s the indispensable foundation on which our democracy is built. khrush…
free press is not the “enemy of the people.” it’s the indispensable foundation on which our democracy is built. khr… 
 : deeply grateful to law enforcement who put themselves in harm's way to keep our communities safe.  fbi, other law enfo…
and the same deception is applicable to a number of texas republicans who have suddenly developed an interest in he… 
at least  gop lawmakers are misleading voters re protecting patients with preexisting conditions—conditions that c… 
deeply grateful to law enforcement who put themselves in harm's way to keep our communities safe.  fbi, other law e… 
thank you to  for stopping by my san antonio office to join a san antonio serenade from music creators… 
 : first too little, now too late. having done so little for middle-class families in his tax sham, trump now asks a nd…
honored my friend frank herrera alongside his sons javier and jorge, and so many others, as he was named… 
 : child abuse has been the trump administration's weapon of choice in seeking to dissuade immigrants from coming to amer…
the numbers of children deliberately &amp; indifferently taken from their families really don’t capture the indelible harm trump has caused.
child abuse has been the trump administration's weapon of choice in seeking to dissuade immigrants from coming to a… 
first too little, now too late. having done so little for middle-class families in his tax sham, trump now asks a … 
so many americans will suffer if ken paxton, trump &amp; cohorts are successful in destroying health insurance protecti… 
celebrating designation of old spanish trail cultural corridor by . thanks to malena gonzalez-cid &amp; grac… 
good, also, that our local law enforcement is assuring additional security against any potential copycat locally.
weapons of war &amp; hate are a dangerous combination. apparently today represents the deadliest attack on the jewish c… 
while details are still emerging, no words are sufficient to capture the pain and suffering this congregation is enduring.
all of us have a responsibility to seek less violence and violent rhetoric in our country. gun violence continues t… 
when you preach hate and bigotry, applaud violent attacks on journalists and opponents, ridicule survivors of sexua… 
 : talking about  with congressman doggett this morning! #climateready #resilience #adaptation #mitigation #s…
as noted in stmt: thanks to  as a valued watchdog, &amp; congratulations to  for continued suc… 
eventually, the choices of local leaders can be replicated across america &amp; be a part of federal policy to protect our families.
we must ensure that direct costs of a warming planet are not borne by the economically disadvantaged, during this p… 
anita ledbetter &amp; doug melnick provided insight into the important  initiative. with climate deniers… 
i released below statement on today’s emergency action from hays county commissioners to open polling sites: 
wishing a happy birthday to texas neurorehab center. congratulations on  years of care for our neighbors with the… 
trump says he has "natural instinct" for science &amp; wants crystal clear water/air. but the only thing "crystal clear… 
bcnc has served over  women &amp; families affected by nas. earlier this month i joined judge nelson wolff to announ… 
infants exposed to opioids during pregnancy are at risk for neonatal abstinence syndrome (nas). since , natl na… 

law enforcement authorities should be working as well together as the austin police department &amp; federal &amp; state la… 
undoubtedly, trump continually creates an environment conducive to  violence, but we must be the voices of nonviole… 
violence is never the answer. though i urge resisting donald trump every day, i always urge that we resist in every nonviolent way.
 : thank you  for all you do for music creators, your support of  and for keeping my music on your i…
 : monarch butterflies and other #tx wildlife in decline can thank  and his support for the recovering ame…
as it relates to the developing news on explosive devices sent to a number of recipients, we can never let our poli… 
for example, states could use federal tax credits currently providing working families coverage to purchase junk pl… 
trump and his republican enablers latest assault on our health care would allow states to dodge preexisting conditi… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
pleased to see san antonio’s restaurant scene receive some of the recognition it deserves.   read about our city’s… 
trump admin can't define away what we know to be true: that transgender people exist &amp; matter. this decision threat… 
#earlyed provides a foundation for later success. investing in early education helps ensure a brighter future for o… 
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
 is our nation’s largest lgbtq civil rights organization. compare how others scored here: 
honored to receive a % score on the #hrcscorecard on my commitment to protect &amp; advance the rights of lgbtq peop… 
 : thank you  for always standing strong with our veterans!! please read the story below, and recognize th…
“as they do so, they are pressing iran to adhere strictly to the terms of the nuclear agreement, to avoid giving th… 
pleased thomas shared his story w/ —and that my office could step in to help finally right the error that crea… 
 : 🚨 attn austinites:  says “this is an emergency situation” &amp; urges customers to lower their water usage now…
🚨 attn austinites:  says “this is an emergency situation” &amp; urges customers to lower their water usage… 
apparently, president trump &amp; the saudis believe they can actually get away with murder.  #jamalkhashoggi 
apparently more evidence of this carefully organized, premeditated murder &amp; cover-up. it doesn’t seem to be “fake n… 
 :  with contamination of the city water supply from upstream flooding, this is the st time in atx history…
 :  received two grants for its cybersecurity program. one grant will fund a pilot program and the other is for tech. thank…
 :  thank you congressman doggett for your ongoing support, advocacy and leadership!  we're…
 : thank you congressman for supporting the naacp and being such an important part of the sa community! it was great seei…
celebrating latinx leaders exemplifying legado, liderazgo, y latinidad at  habla con orgullo awards organized b… 
great night to celebrate  years of history and community at woodlawn lake park. speaking alongside… 
every year i have the honor of attending the annual  freedom fund dinner. this th anniversary of the sa na… 
 with contamination of the city water supply from upstream flooding, this is the st time in atx hist… 
good neighbors along the i- corridor! thanks to our able mayor  &amp; san antonio water system for an i… 
today, #earlyvoting began at  am &amp; it lasts through friday, /.   whether you are early or later, this is a vita… 
 : the next step is probably to expel the saudi ambassador &amp; suspend weapons sales. #jamalkhashoggi
austin residents: last night,  issued a city-wide boil water notice as our water treatment system recov… 
 : i have led an effort in the house to support sanctions on khashoggi’s murderers.   but that’s only the first step. bel…
 : thank you, congressman doggett! 
 : proud of my congressman #journalism #journalismmatters 
good to hear  join in the call to expel the saudi ambassador &amp; stop all u.s. military assistance that… 
 : good to see members of congress pushing to make saudi arabia pay a price for the torture/murder of a  write…
i have led an effort in the house to support sanctions on khashoggi’s murderers.   but that’s only the first step.… 
 : we either get a real check on trump—we push back firmly now—or american democracy will be pushed down.
families &amp; seniors should not have to pick up the tab for gop tax giveaways to the very rich.   they threaten the m… 
pleased that ezekiel emanuel in  urges support for my medicare negotiation and competitive licensing act b… 
we either get a real check on trump—we push back firmly now—or american democracy will be pushed down.
trump’s attacks on “fake news” &amp; press as “the enemy of the people” encourages violence against journalists.
as he refuses to stand against saudi murder &amp; dismemberment of a journalist, trump praises gop congressman for viol… 
the saudis finally concocted a tale that this us resident &amp; defender of freedom was in a fist fight, but apparently… 
after over  weeks of denying the murder that occurred in their consulate.   
as rain continues to fall, soil saturation means more water pooling &amp; a greater likelihood of flooding, especially… 
 : .'s story is infuriating bc dfas is in a position to ruin veterans’ financial lives. but it's uplifting bc he's fig…
 : to stay up-to-date with my work in san antonio, austin &amp; surroundings as well as washington d.c., follow me on instagr…
recent npr story served as reminder of similar obstacles faced by vets in our area seeking mental health treatment.… 
 : in words meant for the saudi arabian government, but which apply to us too, he says:   “we should not need to be remin…
in words meant for the saudi arabian government, but which apply to us too, he says:   “we should not need to be re… 
here, mr. khashoggi argues that saudi arabia could help restore dignity in its country by ending its attacks on civ… 
...instead, these actions may trigger condemnation quickly followed by silence.”   we must prove him wrong. we cann… 
thread: to honor murdered journalist jamal khashoggi, we allow his words to speak for themselves. in posthumously p… 
 :   thank you for this.
 : it took the president until thursday to say he believes khashoggi is dead, even as turkish officials say they have recording…
shared w/  our efforts to hold mr. khashoggi’s murderers to account—&amp; end u.s. support to saudi attacks i… 
thank you,  &amp; immediate past president , for honoring me w/ the people’s choice award. and thank… 
cost of college &amp; borrowing are rising: $. trillion student debt. when young people are burdened with debt, our e… 
 : nc's  joins in on this letter, criticizing the president's handling of #jamalkhashoogi:   "we are deeply tr…
president and ceo annette rodriguez &amp; the san antonio children's shelter, which has long done such important work c… 
 : thanks for being such a great #yadvocate ! we loved sharing some  updates with your team today! #be…
 : americans deserve a healthy and clean environment that will thrive for generations to come. that’s why  wrote…
 : this journalist is grateful for all those who got together to craft and sign this document. journalism is fundamental to…
 : thank you to the + members of the house of representatives for joining senate colleagues in recommending sanctions un…
the next step is probably to expel the saudi ambassador &amp; suspend weapons sales. #jamalkhashoggi
. , , , , , , ,… 
our letter supports strong sanctions &amp; urges an overdue end to u.s. support for saudi arabia’s atrocities in yemen. 
with president trump shamefully equivocating in the face of mounting evidence of saudi slaughter, congress must act. 
new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those respons… 
with concerning recent report on climate change’s impacts on health, economy &amp; quality of life, i stand w/ leaders… 
i spoke on the importance of inclusion of people with disabilities for nat’l disability employment awareness month.… 
austinites: please be aware of what it means for you when they open  floodgates on mansfield dam. 
pleased to join healthy futures of texas () president evelyn delgado, founder dr. janet relaini, my friend… 
at the breakfast of champions, libby &amp; i addressed some real champions in austin who advocate for quality after sch… 
 : now president trump disregards murder &amp; dismemberment of american resident by a saudi hit squad, making up excuses for…
now president trump disregards murder &amp; dismemberment of american resident by a saudi hit squad, making up excuses… 
to stay up-to-date with my work in san antonio, austin &amp; surroundings as well as washington d.c., follow me on inst… 
 : shared w/ : u.s. mail is not for sale. stood w/ postal workers to voice appreciation as trump seems set to…
shared w/ : u.s. mail is not for sale. stood w/ postal workers to voice appreciation as trump seems set… 
 : thanks to neil diaz for inviting us as his guests. and what an amazing family—peggy vasquez, carmen diane valera, cath…
thanks to neil diaz for inviting us as his guests. and what an amazing family—peggy vasquez, carmen diane valera, c… 
each oct, the #catrinaball is celebrated by  in #atx &amp;  (next saturday). libby &amp; i j… 
 : lead  specialist and #balletfolklórico dancers with  at the  breakfast of champions.…
thanks to our long-time personal friends bill &amp; sally wittliff for their efforts in preserving the creative legacy… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
 : glad to spend a rainy morning  breakfast of champions with  celebrating the work we and our…
families deserve to be assured their children are in safe hands. for the nd time, the trump admin delays requireme… 
 : shades of trump's eager acceptance of putin's denial of interference in us elections—&amp; deflection of blame from culpab…
during this unique tricentennial year in san antonio, libby &amp; i viewed the impressive exhibit on display at the bex… 
apparent saudi hit squad went in &amp; out of the city by jet just before &amp; after disappearance w/o search. but since t… 
shades of trump's eager acceptance of putin's denial of interference in us elections—&amp; deflection of blame from cul… 
libby &amp; i always enjoy participating in the kyle founders' day parade this weekend. a little rain didn't prevent fa… 
at a time of so many continuing assaults on women's health care, uplifting to see broad community support for life-… 
 : as i wrote in , clean energy is critical to our community’s health &amp; wealth. tx already reaps the benefits…
imagine trump's reaction if the same horror had been carried out by iran, or cuba, or some other country that did n… 
so far, trump is all blowhard &amp; no action on apparent saudi murder &amp; dismemberment of washington post reporter jama… 
expect more catastrophic weather caused by storms like hurricane michael &amp; harvey, which dumped  tril gal of wate… 
 : #nafta signing again in san antonio? from us house,  &amp;  add their voices to those of …
 : since trump &amp; his gop enablers in congress have continually disparaged the work of fbi law enforcement professionals,…
global warming is happening &amp; the consequences are not hypothetical. new un report reveals current climate trends w… 
this includes apparent limitations imposed on who the fbi could interview, what leads to pursue, &amp; which allegation… 
since trump &amp; his gop enablers in congress have continually disparaged the work of fbi law enforcement professional… 
as i wrote in , clean energy is critical to our community’s health &amp; wealth. tx already reaps the benef… 
i sent a joint letter today with  to ambassador robert lighthizer welcoming a possible signing of n… 
the latest un report finds the consequences of climate change inaction are arriving sooner than we thought. worse t… 
 : my latest with  on the health and economic impacts of  approach to #climate and #energy.   my…
 : great turnout recently for  &amp; . so many are reaffirming our commitment to public educatio…
great turnout recently for  &amp; . so many are reaffirming our commitment to public educa… 
 : senior member of house ways and means trade sub. raises human rights issues as impediment to any trade deal discussions with…
 : it was a pleasure meeting congressman lloyd doggett and glad he’s looking out for entrepreneurs! genwise appreciate what you…
 : trump's tax records also could establish whether he's beholden to russian interests. 
 : please give a texas sized thank you to rep. lloyd doggett [tx-d-] for cosponsoring recovering america's wildlife act! http…
 : postal workers in #austin, #texas spent their day off at the state capitol expressing their opposition to the privatizat…
 : . workers spent their day off (#columbusday / #indigenouspeopleday ) protesting the privatization of the #postal…
 :  speaks against the privatization of the us postal service #notforsale   …
as a senior member of the house ways &amp; means trade subcommittee, i released the below statement on an anticipated t… 
 : as emma gonzalez eloquently writes, regardless of how you feel about politics, you should participate. regardless of p…
 :  speaks against the privatization of the us postal service #notforsale   …
 : thanks  for meeting with us today to learn more about our programs! we’re always excited to talk about #wor…
good visit with the network of asian american organizations, bringing together austin’s diverse asian community and… 
enjoyed hearing about your experiences as an  parent! also good to hear more about dell’s education effor… 
 : they read it here first. 🗞aisd’s state of the district is strong! #investinaisd #aisdhome #aisdproud  …
punishing these immigrants, who live here legally, endangers health &amp; safety of / of texas children. empowers gov… 
as emma gonzalez eloquently writes, regardless of how you feel about politics, you should participate. regardless o… 
 : . is right! if trump refuses to release his tax returns, congress must act to demand them on january rd, …
we should seek the truth so that all americans, especially victims and survivors of abuse, know that their lives &amp; voices matter.
trump’s mocking of a sexual assault victim &amp; declaring those w/ similar allegations to be a “hoax” is appalling. he… 
this is the same saudi leader who continues war crimes against  countless women and children in yemen with trump’s… 
extraordinary reports on possible murder of us resident &amp; journalist, jamal khashoggi at the saudi consulate. trump… 
your application must be handed in at your county voter registrar office or taken to a post office to be postmarked… 
whatever your political affiliation, your vote is your voice. voter registration deadline is today 🚨. now is the ti… 
#toxictrump and his #toxicswamp are putting public and environmental health at risk by rolling back protections fro… 
new report finds public service loan forgiveness isn’t actually happening. dept of ed reports only  applicants ha… 
 : this cannot be what justice looks like in the land of the free. over  children imprisoned in tornillo tents, in ou…
trump admin's enviro forecast: dissolving coral reefs, parts of coastal cities underwater, extreme heat by end of c… 
always impressed by the creativity &amp; caliber of startups in austin.  enjoyed visiting with the entrepreneurs and co… 
we all depend upon the postal service to pay our bills, communicate w/ loved ones, &amp; to help with our work. i joine… 
this cannot be what justice looks like in the land of the free. over  children imprisoned in tornillo tents, in… 
congrats to christina nuñez, from kyle, who works in my dc office. she’s been elected as vp of the , a bi… 
how we treat animals reflects our humanity. i am pleased to share that i received another perfect score on this yea… 
 : trump's a self-made myth, not a self-made man. and, as i told , gop covered up &amp; blocked all my amendments to ob…
this is a victory for the victim’s families, who petitioned for this action, and for those in the future who will b… 
after the tragic hot air balloon crash near lockhart, i authored &amp; obtained bipartisan support for a safety bill. n… 
thank you to  and the  for the tour of the 
artwork, history, &amp; construction of the nex… 
republicans jammed through so-called “family savings” act last week. as usual, they’re masters at naming bills. it’… 
congratulations to the  deputy voter registrars who are at work. tuesday is the last day to register or reregist… 
as the ranking member of the tax policy subcommittee on ways &amp; means, i have put forward  motions to release his t… 
as i shared w the , the  investigation into trump’s tax evasion, “including instances of outright… 
pleased to join the  for their th annual inspire awards. congratulations to belle san miguel ortiz… 
thankful for defense secretary mattis. though we may disagree on some major policy issues, he has the courage to pr… 
the first republican tax bill was a hit-and-run job. with this second tax bill, republicans backed up and ran over… 
shared my thoughts on the new trade agreement with , as a senior member on trade subcommittee of ways &amp; m…   : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
my statement on the attack on the tree of life synagogue this morning: .
 : officials have established a hotline for family members looking for information about loved ones after a mass shooting at tree of…

disturbed people with hate in their heart and guns in their hands...a prescription for the horrific scene we are wi… 
my heart breaks for this community. praying for our friends and neighbors at the tree of life affected by this horr… 
without net neutrality, isps can slow down your connection until you pay them more. congress must restore… 
. million pennsylvanians could face big premium increases - or even coverage denials - based on their pre-existin… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
today, the trump administration made it easier for states to roll back coverage requirements under the #aca, includ… 
i'm pleased and proud that #pgh was one of  us cities chosen to receive a american cities climate challenge grant… 
the difference between democrats and republicans in congress couldn’t be clearer. republicans want to cut taxes for… 
not coincidentally, last year congressional republicans cut taxes for corporations and the wealthiest “ percent” b… 
if republicans succeed in cutting $ trillion from medicare, medicaid, social security, and the aca, they will hurt… 
congressional republicans don’t just want to repeal the #aca; as the  budget introduced by house republicans sh… 
the difference between democrats and republicans in congress couldn’t be clearer.  democrats want to preserve, fix,… 
the ’s decision to kill #netneutrality benefited internet service providers - and no one else. without net neut… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
nice surprise to see roberto clemente featured on google’s homepage today to commemorate his heritage, talent, and… 
proud that  recently gave me a score of % for my votes and legislative priorities in the th co… 
glad to see that hr , the recovering america’s wildlife act, has hit  cosponsors. i strongly support this bi… 
over % of democrats and republicans across the country support #netneutrality. all of congress should support the… 
for months, constituents have been delivering a message loud and clear: #netneutrality is not a partisan issue! i a… 
 million with pre-existing conditions in #pa could lose health insurance if court approves  rollback of #aca… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
today’s .% cost of living adjustment is great news! social security checks must keep up with the rising costs of… 
it is shameful that the trump administration is shutting down  every sunday during open enro… 
there are only five days left to participate in this year’s congressional app challenge! middle and high school stu… 
.'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescriptio… 
congratulations to pittsburgh native  for being only the fifth woman in its -year history to win t… 
it’s disturbing that on this #childhealthday, the epa has removed the director of its office of children's health p… 
last night, #netneutrality became law in california!  today, the trump admin sued to roll it back!  #netneutrality… 
joined a huge majority to approve a bill to address the opioid epidemic (hr ). it will expand access to opioid tre… 
voted against #goptaxscam. it would increase the national debt by trillions of $$, provide most of its tax cuts to… 
american bar association says fbi investigation should come before a kavanaugh vote 
i found dr. ford's testimony to be credible and courageous. the senate should pause the confirmation proceedings un… 
class act! 
more detailed information can be found here: 
joined an overwhelming bipartisan majority of my house colleagues to approve a federal spending bill that reflects… 
pleased to see the house pass legislation that  and i sponsored to provide certainty for a reliable so… 
are you registered to vote? it is #nationalvoterregistrationday. i encourage all pittsburghers to make their voices… 
reauthorizing #lwcf costs the american taxpayer nothing and protects public lands across the country. we must act q… 
repealing #netneutrality rules makes it harder for small businesses to compete. slower content and extra fees are b… 
very pleased to receive a % rating from  for my recent votes on the environment. 
my staff is looking forward to meeting local #vets and providing assistance on friday! if you cannot attend this ev… 
president reagan’s son michael made the conservative case for restoring #netneutrality recently in : consum… 
the land and water conservation fund protects public lands and recreational access. if congress fails to reauthoriz… 
for the , women, men and children who call a domestic violence hotline each day, a phone is more than just a d… 
social security provides essential support for america’s seniors, survivors, and the disabled. i am an original mem… 
consumers are already seeing the consequences of repealing #netneutrality rules--fast lanes, slow lanes, and extra… 
over % of americans on both sides of the aisle agree on the importance of restoring #netneutrality rules. we must… 
sorry to learn that mike pintek has passed away. mike was on the air at kdka radio for more than  years, and i ap… 
internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore… 
it’s been  years, but like many americans i can still remember clearly where i was. every september , america m… 
despite constant attacks by the trump administration and the gop congress, the aca has stabilized, with lower premi… 
this morning, i had the honor of marching to celebrate the hard-working men and women of #pgh. tomorrow, i’ll be ba… 
clearly motivated by race. this is another example of the administration’s appalling disregard or human dignity and… 
august recess is ending — all month congress has been hearing from constituents, urging them to restore… 
polls show a majority of voters view #netneutrality as a major issue. with recess ending &amp; congress headed back to… 
outside washington, #netneutrality. is. not. a. paisan issue. polling consistently shows the public *overwhelming… 
very disappointed 👎in the court's decision to uphold the ’s competitive market test for broadband data services… 
good editorial. lifeline helps low-income americans to get connected with basic phone and internet access, but rece… 
saddened at the passing of senator mccain. his life was characterized by courage and a commitment to serving this c… 
about  million americans live, work, and attend school near a chemical facility. we need standards to reduce the… 
the internet can help first responders address emergencies and save lives. without #netneutrality, isps can slow th… 
video calls mean a great deal to servicememembers and their families. without #netneutrality, isps can throttle or… 
today, veterans use the internet to find jobs, get an education to build skills for the future, and open small busi… 
restoring #netneutrality rules would honor the veterans who have served our country and who rely on the free and op… 
i will continue to advocate for clean air protections and investment in job-creating clean energy research and tech… 
rolling back the clean power plan undermines our nationwide effort to reduce air pollution &amp; protect public health… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
thank you, peace, love, and zen, , , and  for telling me how your businesse… 
 is a dynamic theater in #pgh which uses the internet to advertise events and build audiences. i met with… 
last week, i met with brittany tonet of , a non-profit that provides social services and educational… 
peace, love and zen is a wellness center in #pgh which uses the internet to attract customers and schedule appointm… 
last week, i met with small businesses in #pgh who told me how #netneutrality has helped them - and how they need i… 
my discharge petition to restore #netneutrality will help small businesses, which rely on the free and open interne… 
i support #medicareadvantage, and i will continue to work to strengthen programs that help seniors to stay healthy.… 
for  years, #socialsecurity has been there for seniors, disabled americans, and surviving spouses and children.… 
thank you, ! i will continue to oppose this rollback of fuel economy standards—and any policies tha… 
without #netneutrality rules, isps control the internet. they can create fast lanes and slow lanes, and charge cons… 
the  repeal of #netneutrality slows down ⬇️ your internet access and hikes up ⬆️ your bill. 💸 we must restore t… 
hey, #netneutrality supporters! we have  signatures on the discharge petition to force a vote in the house and r… 
the congressional app challenge is now underway! if you are a middle or high school student with a great idea for a… 
report from  ig says high traffic due to  report on #netneutrality was not a cyberattack -- and t… 
working with  to provide federal and state assistance for our constituents on august  from - pm.… 
are you a middle school or high school coder in #pgh? submit your app to the congressional app challenge! ➡️… 
clean car standards save money at the pump and reduce pollution. we need to move forward and establish standards th… 
over % of democrats and republicans oppose the ’s repeal of #netneutrality rules. the free and open internet… 
today, we have  signatures on the discharge petition to restore #netneutrality rules—we need  to force a vote… 
we are on track to restore #netneutrality, but we must continue to build bipartisan support here in the house. amer… 
when it comes to #netneutrality, we cannot afford to be complacent—there is too much at stake, from free expression… 
once again,  is sabotaging the #aca and putting people with pre-existing conditions at risk. these ‘short-ter… 
this report details how  has been planning to cut medicare, medicaid and social security in order to pay f… 
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c…
today marks  years since #medicare &amp; #medicaid began providing access to affordable, high-quality health care for… 
pleased that q gdp is over %, but not surprised;  our economy’s on a sugar rush.  anybody seen a toddler crash wh… 
i’ll take .% growth any time, but it’s certainly not a record high.  more important:: is it a short-lived result… 
the trump administration wants to let insurance companies discriminate against americans with pre-existing conditio… 
thank you for fighting to restore #netneutrality, ! 
thank you for fighting to restore #netneutrality, ! 
thank you for fighting to restore #netneutrality, ! 
thank you for fighting to restore #netneutrality, ! 
thank you for fighting to restore #netneutrality, ! 
thank you for your support, ! 
because of #netneutrality, millions have had access to jobs, education &amp; healthcare through the open internet like… 
students use the open internet now more than ever to do research and complete homework. don’t let isps put america’… 
🚨we are not giving up on the fight to restore #netneutrality. we are  building momentum on the discharge petition t… 
breaking: poll indicates most americans want #netneutrality restored, support the discharge petition to… 
great news! more international airline flights coming to pittsburgh! 🛫  
i'm pleased that congress came together today to pass the strengthening career and technical education for the st… 
 : president trump defends russia. house republicans refuse to stand up for our democracy. it’s clear that neither are loo…
it is ‘their way or the highway’ with , even on bipartisan amendments to protect the safety of our air and… 
proud of #pgh’s progress as an example of how to #makeitinamerica. #pgh is a leader in biotechnology, healthcare, c… 
it’s great to see consumers and small businesses across the country encouraging their members of congress to… 
the effort to restore #netneutrality is bipartisan.  should join it and save the internet for their consti… 
#thursdaythoughts if % of americans support #netneutrality, why do we only have  signatures on the discharge p… 
my discharge petition to restore #netneutrality has  signatures and we need just  more to force a vote in the… 
i am proud to lead the fight for #netneutrality here in the house. this issue is very important to #pgh tech compan… 
we know that the end of #netneutrality means that isps can block, throttle, or create fast lanes and slow lanes on… 
i was proud to stand up for the #neh and #nea. lbj and pgh's own william moorhead recognized long ago that the fede… 
bulls-eye, !  another bogus gop messaging bill to distract the public from the fact that republicans… 
 : the  needs to get over its addiction to donald trump. the president’s behavior has gone beyond defying norms. hi…
democrats have legislation that gives regular americans #abetterdeal by requiring greater drug cost transparency an… 
despite ’ much-touted plan to reduce prescription drug prices, those prices are still skyrocketing. that’s re… 
dark money makes our political system less transparent and less accountable. i’m proud to again sponsor the disclos… 
thank you  for signing the discharge petition to restore #netneutrality! this is a bipartisan issue,… 
today was ’ opportunity to stand up to #putin on his interference in our election and his destructive role ar… 
i am pleased that  is acting on the letter i spearheaded with  and forming a new drug shortages… 
hey, #netneutrality supporters, the fight isn’t over! we’re still working to pass legislation to #savenetneutrality… 
by slashing grants for programs that help americans get #aca coverage,  is sabotaging #obamacare and hurting… 
i joined  and   on a letter opposing 's executive orders attacking federal wo… 
i’m pleased that  is standing up for americans’ health care and consumer and civil rights by opposing b… 
the  should continue to stand on the side of consumers by holding big telecom companies accountable. families a… 
if #scotus takes up #aca, brett kavanaugh would be a deciding vote. #whatsatstake is access to health care for mill… 
brett kavanaugh is an extreme conservative with a history of intense political partisanship; his nomination to… 
scott pruitt leaves epa holding the world record for us official with the most ethics scandals. let’s hope his succ… 
it’s good that scott pruitt is finally out as  administrator – he did more to undermine human health, environme… 
happy th of july! #independenceday 
saddened to hear of the attack on journalists and staff at the . people must stop demonizing the press -… 
pittsburgh isn’t just a world-recognized research center for medicine, technology, and robotics – but, in fact, for… 
i want to thank  for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality.
i want to thank  for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality.
i want to thank  for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality.
i voted against hr , the second harsh  immigration bill to fail in the past week. we need a compassion… 
when i talk about  and the gop sabotaging the #aca and jacking up insurance premiums for tens of… 
pgh knows that #unions are essential for a skilled workforce, a growing economy, and good-paying jobs. the #scotus… 
i kicked off this #netneutrality #advocacyday by laying out the legislative strategy to #savetheinternet .… 
today, many americans face discrimination in employment, housing, and other opportunities because of their sexual o… 
tech companies in pittsburgh rely on the #freeandopeninternet every day. these companies will grow faster and creat… 
it’s disappointing that, among these  signatures, there is not one republican. #netneutrality helps all american… 
we currently have  signatures on the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality. we need just  more signatures t… 
#netneutrality helps entrepreneurs and small businesses in pittsburgh who use the internet to promote their innovat… 
#netneutrality means that your internet service provider is prohibited from blocking, slowing down, or charging mor… 
 proposes deep cuts in school safety programs and behavioral health services – down to just % of the fun… 
the #goptaxscam busted the budget and increased the national debt in order to give big tax breaks to the rich. now,… 
pa health insurance premiums are rising – and the number of people in pa without health insurance coverage is incre… 
 and congressional republicans have sabotaged the #aca left and right; now they’re attacking #aca’s protectio… 
i want to offer my condolences to the family and friends of antwon rose. the video of his shooting is extremely tro… 
i am a cosponsor of h.r. , the #keepfamiliestogetheract, , and i am ready to work for a compassiona… 
the trump administration can deny responsibility for separating families and point fingers at others, but this is t… 
 estimates that over , children have been separated from their parents since may. this policy is cruel a… 
recently joined a number of other  members on a letter to  and  demand… 
neuroscience experts agree that the trauma and uncertainty of being separated from their parents has significant, l… 
today, as our nation marks  years since the end of slavery, we reflect on the fight against oppression, hatred,… 
i can’t believe  decided to pull out of the un human rights council. this sends the message that  has n… 
i am an original cosponsor of h.r. , the #keepfamiliestogether act, which is legislation to end family separati… 
the trump administration’s policy of #separatingchildren from their undocumented immigrant parents is a heartless,… 
 : if republican attacks on protections for people with pre-existing conditions succeed, millions of women, older americans,…
i was sorry to hear that after  years of thought-provoking and passionate work, award-winning editorial cartoonis… 
looking forward to this year’s congressional baseball game for charity! this has been a bipartisan tradition since… 
 :  years ago, the american flag was adopted by the second continental congress. on #flagday we celebrate this great sy…
bill strickland has led  in changing the lives of pittsburghers for  years. our city appreciates his serv… 
more than  million in pa have pre-existing medical conditions, and #aca prohibits insurance companies from chargin… 
to help americans w #opioid addiction,  and congressional gop should stop trying to take health insurance cov… 
i supported the legislation approved by the house today to address the opioid crisis, but it’s just a first step. w… 
 : two years ago today,  lives were taken and countless others were shattered in an attack on the lgbtq community at pul…
despite overwhelming public support for #netneutrality, the  has moved ahead with its repeal. the best way to… 
the  took away a free and open internet. the senate has voted to #savetheinternet. i am proud to be leading the… 
#netneutrality means consumers—not big corporations—choose what websites and applications we see online.… 
in the st century, access to a free and open internet isn’t a privilege; it’s a right. the repeal of… 
as of today, isps can block websites and charge extra fees for your access to online content.  it is time to stand… 
today, #netneutrality expires, but we can restore it if the house passes the doyle-markey bill.   representative… 
in ,  in  deaths of young people resulted from opioid overdoses. as the house votes next week on legislation… 
 : if you or someone you know is a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at …
 : just in: on a party-line vote,  passed the trump-gop rescissions package that eliminates children's health insura…
just met with  and students from #stonemandouglas high school. they continue to advocate for action on… 
thanks for stopping by, . it was great to be back on the ballfield with you! 
concerned by trump's eos undermining the federal workforce. good workers are essential for effective, efficient gov… 
kudos to governor wolf and the commonwealth for keeping #aca #healthinsurance rates under control in pa next year –… 
today please remember all of the men and women who have given their lives for our country. 
new poll shows strong support for #netneutrality across the political spectrum and among all age groups.… 
today is #fosteryouthshadowday, and i had the privilege of spending the morning with frank, a foster child from pen… 
thanks,  , for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality ! 
thanks for the cheesesteaks and beer, . already looking forward to enjoying them again next year! 
thanks,  , for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality ! 
thanks,   , for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality ! 
thanks,  , for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality ! 
i am looking forward to participating in #fosteryouthshadowday this wednesday. we must improve conditions for many… 
thanks,  , for signing the discharge petition to #savenetneutrality !  hey  - a primer on the th amendment: "all persons born or naturalized in the united states, and s… 
  #squirrelhillsynagogue #pittsburghstrong #endhate
 : new:    urge chairman  to hold emergency hearings on hate crimes and…
 is standing with the jewish community, law enforcement, victims, and their families. we will not tolera… 
while we search for answers to this horrific tragedy, we must act affirmatively and urgently to root out and eradic… 
i am monitoring the tragic events at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh but for now am horrified that once ag… 
  unroll
happy birthday to my friend  - a true champion for women, children, working families and equality, j… 
today, the office of congresswoman sheila jackson lee hosted howard law school for its recurring series,… 
i am grateful to federal, state and local law enforcement for their help in apprehending the #magabomber - my full… 
i'm grateful to all law enforcement - state, local and federal - for their tireless work in containing &amp; investigat… 
october is national disability employment awareness month.  one in four americans has a disability, and texans with… 
by denying that #reprorightsarehumanrights the trump administration sends a message to the world that the rights of… 
#reprorightsarehumanrights and i refuse to allow the state department to erase the realities that women and girls f… 
we can't tolerate and must condemn attempts to inject violence into the political sphere.  this is especially true… 
in america, we solve our differences at the ballot box - we cannot tolerate and must condemn attempts to inject vio… 
 unroll 
as the first woman to sit on #scotus, sandra day o’connor has inspired countless young girls and women and blazed a… 
#earlyvotingtx in #harriscounty has begun - don't forget to #vote   
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
in oct. , 's promised that the #goptaxscam's "lower business tax rate would likely give the typ… 
 thanks to obamacare, americans with pre-existing conditions gained the peace of mind that comes wi… 
 : hey, . remember when you threw a big party at the white house with , celebrating them passing the…
"#witchhunt" by the numbers:  criminal charges:  plea deals/indictments:   guilty pleas:    c… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the #lgbtq… 
republicans cling to the fantasy belief that #goptaxscam will pay for itself despite all precedent and evidence whi… 
 : republicans gave a $. trillion tax cut to corporations and the wealthiest few.   now they want to cut medicare and so…
 :  the latest: a high-level turkish official says police have found "certain evidence" during their search of the saudi consulate…
 : new statement from  ceo and publisher fred ryan on jamal khashoggi 
i join the family of jamal khashoggi in calling upon the international community to thoroughly investigate this imm… 
the status of mr. jamal khashoggi is a travesty. it is imperative that the u.s. investigate and determine whether h… 
this is great news! thanks to all who worked so hard to ensure that the precious right to vote of  students i… 
below is my statement calling upon the justice department to protect the voting rights of all americans.… 
today is #nationalcomingoutday - to all my brothers and sisters in the #lgbtq community, i stand with you!… 
today is #dayofthegirl -  to commemorate this very important day. 
 : if you're like me and don't own a car, do you have a plan to get to the polls?   and  have you covered!  https://…
happy #hispanicheritagemonth! here are some facts to celebrate:  -          #latinos own more than . million busi… 
once again,  is doing the important work of ensuring that young girls have access to the tools they n… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
the #midterms are in  days.   are offering #abetterdeal #forthepeople - #democrats are offerin… 
did you know that the average ss monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger social security that reflects the… 
my op-ed: #kavanaugh "demonstrated by his conduct and testimony before the senate judiciary committee that he manif… 
 : making senate issue a house issue, too.  : jerrold nadler plans to open a formal investigation into allegations…
 : like many americans,  is tired of watching republicans in washington refuse to stand up to the worst conduc…
“the speech of the senior senator from maine was very long just to vote yes. how sad for america.” 
since many were interested what was in the envelope, let me restate the facts:”simply, what was passed were unopene… 
nepa gives communities of color a voice against environmental injustices that can harm their public health, economi… 
just terrible; i am saddened to hear that five law enforcement officers have been shot.  my thoughts are with all a… 
when questioned under oath by senator leahy about whether he was "bart kavanaugh," kavanaugh stated that "you'd hav… 
the largest group of #christian churches in the united states calls for kavanaugh to withdraw, and wrote that they… 
it's disgusting that he would mock a woman who revealed her truth - bullying &amp; doubting sexual assault survivors is… 
“yond cassius has a lean and hungry look; he thinks too much: such men are dangerous.”     julius caesar, act i, sc… 
as a nominee to the supreme court #brettkavanuagh brings to the senate two things: his record and himself.   his re… 
this is why we #resist.  
"self-made blue-collar billionaire"? hardly.  exposé reveals that  is a fake, a fraud, and… 
any vote on whether to confirm brett kavanaugh must occur only after the #fbi has completed a credible, thorough in… 
statement of congresswoman sheila jackson lee: "simply, what was passed were unopened stationery notes to counsel f… 
happy birthday to the th president, #jimmycarter. thank you for your service, integrity, and compassion and for… 
in case you're wondering, that's deborah ramirez on the left (the woman who claimed brett kavanaugh sexually assaul… 
#icymi   
two yearbook photos: the one at the top is of the man whom #senategop stonewalled for over a year, because there wa… 
.: "i promise to only pick best people;" friend of #scotuspick: "i witnessed brett respond to a sem… 
i am heartbroken to learn of the casualties as a result of the massive #indonesiaearthquake and the tsunami which f… 
a year after the deadliest mass shooting in modern american history, gops in congress have failed to take any meani… 
twenty seven years later, it is just as important to protect women's rights.  #stopkavanaugh 
today i led  to the #senatejudiciarycommittee to demand a postponement on the… 
why do you believe #drford? #stopkavanuagh #whyididntreport #metoo #ibelievechristineblaseyford #ibelievechristine… 
#drford believed #kavaunaugh would rape her: "i tried to yell for help. when i did, brett put his hand over my mout… 
i believe #drford &amp; i stand with her and with     and all my col… 
asking to investigate a nominee for a lifetime appointment to the #supremecourt does not make concerned citizens "c… 
. has an important story to tell and her perspective is invaluable as we discuss sexual assault.… 
it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing a… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday - are you registered to vote?  just head to  to check… 
on this #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to… 
i was honored to visit with  and celebrate the st pastoral anniversary of dr. andre lewis. while t… 
don't boo; #vote.  don't applaud; vote.  don't complain; vote.  on #nationalvoterregistrationday remember that the… 
#drford has affirmed the charges; asked the #fbi to investigate; taken a polygraph - #kavanaugh has done nothing be… 
the man who held #merrickgarland's #scotus nomination for  days without a hearing and the man who said he thinks… 
. shouldn't use this story as a pretext to fire the dag and wrestle control of the russia investigation.  i e… 
pamela tripped while shackled in prison and had a miscarriage as a result. that’s inhumane. i am proud to have join… 
it's not a hoax. . . .  the plot to subvert an election: unraveling the russia story so far. 
the plot to subvert an election: unraveling the russia story so far 
tell 'em ! 
according to ,  of  victims don't report sexual assault to the police.  i would hope that … 
let us remember that folks on the virgin islands and puerto rico are american citizens, too.  #puertorico #vistrong 
proud to be at  with  in support of #hbcuweek. 
americans rank the  and  as "best presidents" in their lifetime:  . obama % . clinton … 
in january , a gop-controlled senate postponed for  months the confirmation of ed meese, president reagan's n… 
#scotus judges are appointed for life, and the monumental decisions they hand down affect us all. the senate must t… 
what ford's alleging “is all too consistent with stories we heard and lived while attending holton. many of us are… 
tell 'em ! 
i join members of the #senatejudiciarycommittee and call for an immediate cessation of the #kavanaughconfirmation h… 
tell 'em  
join me now in room a of the washington convention center for the annual  legislative conference's… 
hey  you may want to bully twitter around a little bit so they can fix its platform to allow you to… 
seriously,  i'm beginning to notice a pattern here.  #trumprussia #collusion #manafortpleadeal 
we were all simply americans, united in our shock and anger and sadness and united in our resolve to defend our cou… 
out of a tragedy so horrific, something good and great emerged in the aftermath of september . on that day we wer… 
...is unwavering.  we will #neverforget /.
...the pentagon family and community.  together, we honored those who lost their lives and those who remain.  the r… 
on september , , i was in the u.s. capitol and i could see the aftermath of the plane hitting the pentagon—bi… 
the #stablegenius hires only the best people.     #trumprussiacollusion #trumpknew… 
the #newyorktimes took the extraordinary but necessary step of publishing an #anonymous #oped detailing the… 
today, i held a teleconference with the assistant attorney general on a letter i sent asking the department of just… 
#manypeoplearesaying that the anonymous writer of this  op-ed slamming the  administration… 
"don't ask if your dreams are crazy.  ask if they're crazy enough."  thank you for your leadership and grace,… 
today, i was pleased to host the  university of texas exes and alumni group today.  #hookem… 
#bringbackourgirls 
i was honored to pay my respects to  before he was eulogized by  and president george w.… 
 : no expert said a quarter of .% growth "couldn't be done."  it was done in four different quarters under president obama…
congratulations  on your improbable and thrilling victory in the democratic primary for florida govern… 
to say that  - florida's first #africanamerican nominee for governor - got where he did bc he "perform… 
 : this date has great meaning.  ..:#emmetttill lynched. ..:#drking delivers #ihaveadream speech.…
 : over   are demanding  use federal dollars the right way: on books, teachers, the arts, #stem…
thank you  for you have done and continue to do to help  recover from #hurricaneharvey. 
great minds talk about ideas. average minds talk about events. small minds talk about people.  farewell to… 
happy birthday katherine! #excellence #aka 
",#johnmccain's dedication to country over party, to his fellow countrymen over self, and to the greater good over… 
hey  does this mean no #nobelpeaceprize!?  #sad!  
 : breaking:  urge  to hold emergency session to meet with doj regarding the implications of the c…
.#johnmccain means so much to america and the united states congress.  during this time, we are continuing to keep… 
 : michael cohen's crimes go right to . these crimes helped trump win the election. any effort to pardon michael…
 : ‘i can think of nothing more american.’  — beto o'rourke — the man taking on ted cruz — brilliantly explains why nfl playe…
a 'who's who' of the #bestpeople  brought on board to drain the swamp . . .  … 
“the wheels of justice turn slowly, but grind exceedingly fine.”       – h.w. longfellow's translation of friedrich… 
#otd 's personal lawyer and campaign chair pleaded and/or was found guilty of crimes bearing on his fitness t… 
 : news ale: top democrats   seek information on #bolton security clearance after revelation…
we are not on the brink, but we are over the brink of a constitutional crisis.  what will be next?  potus needs to… 
this is an act that is untenable, unheard of, and pure despotism.  to remove the security clearance of the former d… 
#riparethafranklin the queen of america and of the world. she’s left us. our hearts are saddened. she gave joy and… 
for + years the world was thrilled, inspired, and captivated by the scintillating presence and magical voice of t… 
 who can forget #arethafranklin's stirring rendition of the national anthem at the  dnc in new york… 
his affection for putin’s ruling style, disclosure of classified information to russians lavrov &amp; kislyak in the ov… 
criticism of  does not make one an enemy of the state or threat to the nation. it's not like inviting a hosti… 
 : a real dog waiting for a real president. 
much wisdom here. before he can #bebest and #maga,  must first learn to be better, as a human being… 
 : "or maybe it’s just the fact that she’s a woman — a woman who happens to have been far better at her job than any man…
the #truthaboutsocialsecurity is that it saves millions of americans from poverty and provides the dignified retire… 
happy birthday! for  years, social security has represented a bedrock promise to the american people that a lifet… 
nearly  million americans currently receive earned social security benefits. social security provides about a thi… 
 : disgusting, unacceptable—but not surprising. 
if it's true that  used the n-word, where are the denunciations from gopers? and what kind of  calls a… 
everyone is excited about attending st annual "moms summit" addressing american families needs at houston communit… 
i hope for america’s sake that #peterstrzok firing was not political. even though another disciplinary action was r… 
my strong prayers are with the only queen, the queen of soul, #arethafranklin. all of us are praying for you… 
#thanksobama 
i am proud to have supported this legislation and to serve in congress with you, a great american patriot and disti… 
i proudly supported the  national defense authorization act (#ndaa”), named for a great american patr… 
you just can’t miss the first mom summit in texas on wednesday august  at am. leader nancy pelosi believes alon… 
thank you federal court. this administration needs to be held in contempt for cruel &amp; inhumane policies of deportin… 
congratulations to coach david rook and his post oak all-stars on winning the southwest regional and advancing to t… 
congratulations to vanessa wyche for making history as the st african-american to be named deputy director of nasa… 
as the anniversary of the infamous ‘unite the right’ rally in #charlottesville approaches, we remember heather heye… 
a year after charlottesville,  must renounce all efforts to normalize neo-nazis and white supremacists. if th… 
congresswoman sheila jackson lee and democratic leader  invite you to attend a #moms summit on wed. aug… 
this morning, i'll join  to lend my support in favor of bonds on the ballot in today's special election… 
congresswoman sheila jackson lee and house democratic leader  invite you to attend a #moms summit on we… 
on the th day of august,  years ago.  #ruleoflaw #democracysurvives  #trumpknew 
. know the american people deserve a government that works for them, not a government that serves th… 
. promised to “drain the swamp” and bring the “best people.” instead, he opened a sewer of corruption and sur… 
glad that on this day in , judge sonia sotomayor was confirmed as associate justice of the u.s. supreme court.… 
... policy to stop legal #immigration thereby separating families, and to finally pass comprehensive immigration re… 
the trump administration is trying to destroy an ongoing commitment which the u.s. has had to legal immigration, wh… 
... while you are promoting educational excellence for our children and their families.  #lebronjames
 does not have to respond to the white house.  the white house is broken.  so, thank you lebron for a vit… 
....: you need not respond to a broken white house because your journalistic talents are evident and are c… 
. is a competent and effective journalist and his interview w/ was a positive story about lebron… 
the right to vote protected by the voting rights act of  is sacred treasure, earned by the sweat and toil and t… 
on this rd anniversary of the  voting rights act, let us honor those who won this victory by remaining vigila… 
join me, alongside community leaders and leaders of law enforcement, today at : p.m. in the lobby of the mickey… 
 thomas jefferson: "were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspaper… 
pleased to chat with andrea mitchell today and discuss the need to protect the #specialcounsel and his investigatio… 
....  we must also stand against reckless gun violence.  
great news that a suspect has been identified by houston law enforcement in the dastardly crime of the murder of dr… 
... i believe saving $ million is a nonstarter versus protecting the american people against terrorist threats.  screen at all airports!
outrageous.  as a former chair of the subcommittee on transportation security, anyone not checked entering into a s… 
....to constantly harangue the professionalism of director mueller seemingly approaches the saturday night massacre… 
we are getting closer and closer to a #watergate moment.  the objectionable call by  to end the… 
in , % of americans + had no health coverage, living in fear that the healthcare costs would drive them &amp; t… 
before medicaid poor children, pregnant women, &amp; low-income working americans were unable to afford even the most b… 
on july , , president johnson signed medicare and medicaid into law and made good on the commitments of presi… 
% of the american people do not want a border wall but % of the american people want children to be #reunited… 
americans have a love affair with the rule of law. they value their constitution.  it's tme for  to leave mr.… 
i am wishing , our beloved brother and our nation’s conscience, a speedy recovery. #johnlewis
since midweek, together w/ democratic leader , i’ve been conducting oversight on areas hit by… 
since there appears to be much in #brettkavanaugh's white house records that supporters want to keep hidden, i sugg… 
 since there appears to be much in #brettkavanaugh's white house records that supporters want to keep… 
 : for  months,  has put the interests of wealthy americans over working people. today is no different. imp…
 : if trump knew about the june  meeting, this is the chronology:  the russians offered trump help  trump approved getting…
on #nationalinternday, i am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my… 
i am glad that the house homeland security committee, of which i am a senior member, reported favorably h.r. ,… 
on #nationalinternday, i am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my… 
according to the indictment secured by special counsel, the prayer was answered by putin that same evening:… 
on this date in history:  asked and vladimir putin answered.  #manypeoplearesaying that this looks like collu… 
sad! 
#thanksobama         
...to protect the special counsel, and pass h.r. , the special counsel independence and integrity act, of which… 
...federal public servants to answer diligently requests made by gop members of congress.  the actions of republica… 
...to do his job of providing millions of documents to the house of representatives, and who as well direct supervi… 
the series of hearings led by  regarding deputy attorney general rod #rosenstein , fbi director chris wray…  no president can amend the constitution by executive order. this is a ploy to divert the attention of midterm voter… 
 : we shouldn’t have to go to federal court to make our case. the math — at a time where we’re facing a climate change crisis —…
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
 : / it didn’t take lawmakers long to respond to our reporting. in a sept.  letter, u.s. rep. zoe lofgren, d-calif., requested…
i am proud to receive a % in the  congressional voting record. in the next congress, i will conti… 
 : thank you  for our promise meeting today.  appreciate your support of special diabetes program (sdp), funding…
this is a sad day for the court and for our country.
 : we are speaking up.    members of our caucus are sending a letter to the epa today demanding they rescind the #dirty…
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
 : thank you  for your leadership to #protectsnap in the #farmbill for the , residents in your district th…
 : congressional districts will only be representative if the redistricting process is fair.  that’s why  &amp; …
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
 : the trump administration’s announcement that it will roll back current fuel economy standards defies commonsense. this i…
proud to work alongside  to introduce the #fairproceedings act today. providing legal counsel for immig… 
great meeting with lt. governor gavin newsom and the california democratic congressional delegation this morning to… 
 : the vietnam human rights caucus, chaired by congressman chris smith, representative alan lowenthal, and representative zo…
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
 : we know for certain that states are using this money, as all  states requested eac funding. in fact, these states, in…
 : republicans on the floor are claiming that  states have yet to request funding for election security in fy. this is…
is the president an agent of a foreign power?
 : .’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  reagan. clint…
 : .  &amp;  release statement after marathon hearing with peter strzok  more here: …
 : aplu appreciated the opportunity to partner with , , ,  and  t…
 : amazon thanks  for her work in overhauling the immigration system, eliminating the per-country cap on gree…
 : penelope faulkner of  reads a letter about #vietnam from . 
 : with the gop’s latest attacks on protections for americans with pre-existing conditions, there’s a strong chance the sup…
on #vietnam advocacy day, i'm proud to stand with my constituents in advocating for the rights of the persecuted an… 
 : brett kavanaugh has been clear where he stands on a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. the senate must #st…
 : . is using this nomination as a destructive tool on a generation of progress for workers, women, lgbtq peo…
judge brett kavanaugh’s views are far outside the mainstream of the american public. his confirmation could have pr… 
if you are a parent, it's hard to say how this is fair. there's no other area of the law where this happens. h.r. … 
great to meet with brianna mims today, a san jose native and mcnair scholar attending cornell university 
i agree with justices sotomayor and ginsberg who concluded that this #scotus decision “merely replaces one ‘gravely… 
i'm deeply disappointed the #scotus majority failed to give sufficient weight to trump’s stated anti-muslim intent… 
 : being born a woman shouldn’t be a “pre-existing condition.” but if republicans’ attacks on protections for millions of…
 : spoke on the house floor to speak out against 's cruel and inhumane policy of separating children from thei…
the family case management program (eliminated by trump) was an effective community supervision program that secure… 
the solution to family separation is not locking kids in prison with their parents. the flores settlement is in pla… 
the trump administration's enforcement of their cruel “zero-tolerance” policy is a clear contradiction to the value… 
how can the united sates represent hope and opportunity to immigrants across the world while the trump administrati… 
 : . is giving america a false choice. protecting our borders doesn’t mean tearing apart families – and we have…
 : the  has spent millions investigating clinton, yet they refuse to compel the trump administration to turn over do…
today i joined my colleagues in condemning the trump administration and attorney general jeff sessions' "zero-toler… 
 : over  million americans with pre-existing conditions are protected under the aca. last week, the trump administration ann…
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
what an embarrassingly poor display of diplomacy from president trump at the #g summit. first he stands up for rus… 
 : six months ago, america’s families were told their interests were at the heart of the #goptaxscam.  today, big oil &amp; gas a…
great meeting today with dr. monika kress, chair of the  department of physics and astronomy, to discuss scien… 
u.s. district judge dana sabraw (a george w. bush appointee) wrote in her order today that family separation is “br… 
 : .’s expectations haven’t often met reality during his first  days in office. the #goptaxscam is a prime example of…
 : interview: south bay congresswoman zoe lofgren on judge aaron persky.  
 : president trump seems to be under the impression that he is the embodiment of the department of justice and that he is…
proud to stand with  against president trump’s “zero tolerance” policy removing young children from their p… 
 : what  &amp;  told working americans: the #goptaxscam would create jobs here.   what actually happene…
great to meet with students from  before their tour of the u.s. capitol today! 
 : "i guess he has no belief in due process and the constitution,” said rep. zoe lofgren (d). what trump said about the immigrat…
looks like mr. "art of the deal" president trump got played by kim jong-un: 
remember - if you have ever had #daca status before, and you still meet the requirements, you can apply to renew he… 
 : it’s time to make sure our teachers have the pay they deserve &amp; the resources they need to do their jobs. #abetterdeal  re…
in the st century, access to a free and open internet is a necessity. that's why democrats are fighting for… 
 : trump's anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can’t find americans willing to do…
this mothers day, we should remember that it is donald trump's official policy to tear children from the arms of th… 
more mothers day wishes from the white house:  
happy mothers day from the trump administration:  
 : we're proud to stand with ., , &amp;  against the trump administration's latest a…
great conversation with  delegates yesterday on #muslimhillday. #nomuslimbanever 
 : . thank you for being a champion to #protectsnap!  
.'s actions damage the united states’ credibility as a good-faith negotiating partner as we embark… 
president trump’s unilateral decision to remove the united states from the #irandeal is reckless and unwarranted. t… 
 : welcome us representative  from california’s th district to the lgbt equality caucus! we look forward to…
in commemorating the rd anniversary of the fall of saigon, we remember that the americans and vietnamese whose li… 
wonderful to stop by the st annual nikkei matsuri (japanese american festival) in one of the nation’s last remain… 
great time speaking with seniors about social security, healthcare, and more at the nd annual senior concerns ral… 
 : i intro'd a resolution w. ,  &amp;  to designate may rd as a national day of reason t…
 : democrats have a real plan to give people #abetterdeal through investing in our workers &amp; reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
political rights, religious freedom, and human dignity cannot be suppressed in a free and open society.
vietnam's continued incarceration of political prisoners demonstrates their lack of commitment and respect for huma… 
 : today, ,  and  sent a letter to  criticizing the administration'…
had a wonderful time seeing the innovation and creativity on display this year at the silicon valley u.s. patent an… 
 : free entrance to all national parks on april  to celebrate the start of national park week. retweet to spread the word! #fi…
scott pruitt's ethics issues continue to pile up. monday, the  concluded epa broke the law in constructing pr… 
 : . has denied the science of #climatechange and let  gut environmental regulations. it’s d…
 : the trump administration's decision to end services that help immigrants understand their legal rights in this country is…
wonderful to meet with local  advocates from san jose, ca today! 
important to remember: if you were granted daca, you can still submit an application to renew your status here:… 
all workers deserve to receive equal pay for equal work. it's time for #equalpay. 
 republicans signed a letter to pres. obama. if those same members don't sign a similar letter now, we can ask w… 
i plan to once again lead an effort with my colleagues expressing that same sentiment in a letter to president trum… 
here’s that letter. as it states, the responsibility to authorize military force against a sovereign nation “is pre… 
in , while president obama weighed a military strike on syria in response to assad’s use of chemical weapons on… 
 : episode  is here! we sit down with . listen here:  
 : no, california's 'sanctuary state' law does not allow the release of dangerous criminals to the streets …
 : great to connect with us representative zoe lofgren  in san jose on future of #trade &amp; #talent across border…
the trump administration ignored these concerns and issued a policy that prioritizes mass deportation and mass dete… 
and worse, the medical neglect of pregnant women in immigration detention was well documented in a recent administr… 
the detention of pregnant women is particularly concerning because these centers often experience outbreaks of chic… 
the so-called “pro-life” trump administration’s decision to detain pregnant women is shameful. pregnant women need… 
 : trump &amp; republicans helping hispanics:  ❌ terminated #daca ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for #aca ❌ passed #taxscam ❌ e…
 : . citing the importance of increased science and health funding in today's omnibus vote #citytripdc https://t…
 : the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans’ health care as a badge of honor.   the truth? americans deserve lower cost…
 : #icymi:   demand #dreamact be added to omnibus &amp; that funding for deportations, detention and walls be s…
nice to see san jose city councilmember  drop by my washington dc office this week! 
 : you see , pairs of shoes to represent , children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook. i see , birthdays, h…
as trump tours his border wall "prototypes" today, it's worth remembering what president reagan said: “rather than… 
clearly, the trump administration isn't going to let facts get in the way of their anti-immigrant narrative: 
 : very good meeting with congresswoman , discussing the economic bonds between israel and the silicon valley,…
 : the secretary of the u.s. department of education does not believe we should be investing in school buildings. happy #pu…
 : to kick off #sunshineweek, here are  ways that  has created the most secretive and unethical presidency…
 : house democrats are calling on republicans and president trump to #protectourdemocracy from russian meddling. our elect…
if  wants elections with "paper backup" - house democrats have a bill for that! it's called the ele… 
great meeting today with santa clara county firefighters in my washington dc office  
today is the start of election season – but  &amp;  refuse to do what is necessary to take… 
it's now been six months since trump terminated daca. let's be clear - this is a crisis he and republican leaders n… 
orr director scott lloyd repeatedly interferes in the reproductive rights of young women. an allegiance to this cou… 
 :  and  agree that the  amendment to #fosta is not the right way to go after sex t…
i’m glad to have earned a perfect score on the  #lcvscorecard. check it out here: 
the trump  wants to end the free and open internet. that's why i'm supporting legislation that will bring… 
 : the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must #neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
this is a dumb idea. that aside, if trump were to pull all border patrol agents from the ca-mexico border that woul… 
as we mark #lunarnewyear, i'm proud to call one of the largest, most diverse, asian-pacific american communities in… 
 : "every american should know that when they cast their ballot, it gets counted," rep. zoe lofgren says regarding the need for an…
last year, americans voted in the midst of a russian cyber-attack to undermine our democracy. today, the election s… 
 : in , russia launched a massive cyber-attack against the us to undermine faith in our democracy, yet trump &amp; the go…
 : utterly astounding that  wks after slashing taxes on the wealthy &amp; biggest corps, creating a huge deficit, …
 : 🚨 #breaking 🚨 democratic members call for hearings to investigate threat to u.s. #voting infrastructure in order to secur…
leader pelosi has been speaking on the house floor for over four hours, reading letters from dreamers and demanding… 
 : thank you  for all your support to the armenian american community and co-sponsoring h.res. (#armeniangenoc…
 : . features portraits and stories of more than  local daca recipients. 
 : techdirt podcast episode : an interview with rep. zoe lofgren 
 : democratic rep. zoe lofgren says trump calling some democrats “treasonous” for their reaction at the state of the union was…
joining  in a moment to talk about the russia investigation and nunes memo. tune in on 
 : joint statement from house judiciary democrats: republicans are complicit in  efforts to obstruct justice with release…
preparing for the state of the union address tonight #sotu 
 : russia attacked our #election to help  become president.  why is the trump administration hiding doc…
 : the bill passed by  last night is further proof of their inability to govern. it’s time for them to work with democ…
 : thank you  -- it's been a truly bipartisan process and an honor to work with you and   …
 : this is outrageous:  delays vote to prevent #govtshutdown so they can join  at a political rally!…
 : the ideas democrats are pushing for aren’t controversial. we should be helping our veterans. we should be fighting the opi…
 : i kicked off #mlkday weekend with other public officials calling out the damaging effects the #goptaxscam will have on…
the president’s view to the contrary is ignorant as well as bigoted. all americans need to speak out to condemn thi… 
i am ashamed, embarrassed and outraged by president trumps comments reported in the washington post. as an american… 
today  once again showed america that his fundamental guiding principle is hate. #cleandream #nohate 
we reject 's attempts to divide immigrant communities by race, religion and nationality #cleandream… 
many of america's best and brightest come from countries  denigrates. #shame #nohate 
americans disappointed by today's #fisa vote should remember that, while #section reform did not pass, it was de… 
important to remember: usa rights will not prevent the ic from uncovering plots against the us and saving potential… 
 : great point from my colleague  on fisa reauthorization bill! #trusttheexperts   h…
 : a fantastic resource from  comparing rep nunes hpsci bill to expand section  surveillance and the …
proud to join a bipartisan, bi-cameral group introducing the amash-lofgren amendment today to protect th amendment… 
 : bipartisan group holds press conference for fisa reform &amp; protecting th amendment rights. they say there shouldn't be b…
but we are not going to allow this without a fight. the amash-lofgren amendment to s.  would prevent law enforce… 
it also fails to prohibit the use of information collected by section  in any administrative proceedings, including #immigration courts.
in fact, the trump administration has already begun attempts to prosecute parents of #immigrant children and this b… 
s.  would allow the trump administration to use this powerful tool against dreamers and others without immigration status.
this bill is supported by the trump administration, and nothing would stop the communications collected, stored, an… 
the house will vote on reauthorizing #section surveillance tomorrow. this program collects communications - incl… 
 : thank you to congresswoman  for listening to #dreamer stories today from our ca delegation at the #protectdreamer…
 : 🚨#breaking 🚨 &amp;  condemn  administration decision to strip salvadorans of #tp…
in the short term, trump may appease his base with this decision, but the continued degradation of our humanitarian… 
economic analysis suggests that today’s decision to deport salvadoran #tps holders will cost the united states $… 
this will not just affect salvadorans, but also their u.s. citizen spouses and children, the american employers and… 
it forces salvadoran #tps holders to reconcile the danger that will face their families and loved ones upon return… 
yet in one stroke, today’s decision from president trump rips legal #tps status from nearly , salvadorans, ma… 
el salvador has among the highest murder rates in the world, including one of the highest rates of femicide. in … 
president trump’s decision to strip tps from salvadorans, many of whom have legally lived and worked in this countr… 
 : 🚨breaking🚨: ,  &amp;  condemn sessions’ #marijuana policy reversal …
 : #icymi:  statement on president #trump’s “election integrity commission” farce meant to facilitate voter s…
 : with millions of families seeing a tax hike and % of all benefits going to the top  percent, its clear the #goptaxscam i…
 : .: playing with the lives of dreamers is wrong. we will hold the line!   : we cannot leave town (was…
 : the #billofrights was ratified  years ago today. it's time to add another amendment - my #democracyforall amndt to ove…
the internet was founded as a neutral platform that leveled the playing field for sending and receiving information… 
 : today, we unveil "all the president's profiting" - a tool you can use to track payments from political entities to prope…
 : republicans should think twice before voting for the #goptaxscam. trickle down didn’t work before. it won’t work now. and…
so far, at least  women have come forward to complain and allege that president trump had committed acts of sexua… 
 : kids like owen rely on the aca for affordable &amp; guaranteed health care, but the #goptaxscam would threaten their families…
the democracy reform task force has introduced a strong legislative agenda that puts the public interest squarely a… 
today,  is attempting to attempt to force states with strong concealed carry laws to honor concealed carry… 
 : breaking: whistleblower provides key info about #flynn text to business colleague during #trump inauguration about their…
 : president trump is the only person talking about a government shutdown. democrats are hopeful the president will be open t…
 : this morning,  , , , and , called on congressional republ…
proud to stand with my extraordinary colleagues     calling for hou… 
 : cutting taxes for corporations and special interests does not create jobs. my republican colleagues will bankrupt you in…
 : no wonder why so many americans oppose the #goptaxscam – it will saddle our children &amp; grandchildren with at least $. t…
spreading hate, lies and disinformation to  million followers isn't presidential, it's dangerous and emboldens vi… 
speaking now on the house floor in favor of a resolution to require members and staff undergo mandatory sexual hara… 
 : “it's time for people to be honest about what we're doing here. we are endangering public safety to cozy up to one of the bi…
whenever an official vacancy at the top democratic judiciary committee position may occur, i will put my credential… 
 : every day, more dreamers are losing daca protections.  needs to bring the #dreamact to the floor for a vote. #pro…
 : the men &amp; women of the  fight to protect consumers every day. we can’t let trump ignore the law and congress by u…
 : given that the president doesn’t see a deal between democrats and the white house, we believe the best path forward is to…
 : america depends on the success of its middle class families. and today, house republicans hold a vote on the #goptaxscam…
 : “i can’t afford to lose my job” is not something a #sexualassault or #sexualharassment victim should say or feel
mandating sexual harassment training in congress is a necessary first step. but since sexual harassment is often ab… 
 : watch my testimony live at the house comm on admin re sexual harassment in congress &amp; my legislation #metoocongress  https:/…
 :  - the congressional workplace should have zero tolerance for #sexualharassment and any kind of discrimination
 : we call for the quick adoption of mandatory sexual harassment prevention and response training for members of the house,…
follow  today to watch this morning's hearing on preventing sexual harassment in the congressional wo…  i am horrified by the news coming out of pittsburgh. attacking a place of worship is antithetical to who we are as… 
i commend all the law enforcement agencies and the postal service for their outstanding work to apprehend the mail bomb suspect.
mr. president, you have stated that you would unify our country. please take this moment to keep that promise. the… 
#opioids kill  people a day, but only  in  people with addiction are getting treatment. this crisis does not… 
#potus signed an #opioid bill that takes small steps that i support, but this is the most devastating public health… 
today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could… 
this decision is momentous news for student loan borrowers who were cheated by their colleges.   it is shameful tha… 
 : . on  soon! tune in!
 : it’s official! our board room has been dedicated to ! 
“you are on the front line of making people’s lives better.”
“organizations like healthcare access maryland are so important to get the word out. to give people opportunities..… 
“healthcare should not be a privilege. healthcare is a right.”
 : “we must carry on!l   says of the jacques initiative journey center. grand opening. changing the destiny of pe…
 : “i’m so proud of what you are doing here at the journey center.  you have brought life to life.” - …
“the same person whose hand you held today, the same one whose tears your dried, who you helped into medical treatm… 
“that is how we are effective: figure out what people need, allow them to dialogue with you, and allow them to be i… 
“here at the journey center what we have been able to do is realize that our diversity is not our problem, it is our promise.”
“come here and we will help you. you do not have to feel ashamed. you will be empowered.”
i am honored to be at the grand opening of the jacques initiative journey center. 
 : . : it’s time for the president to make good on his campaign promise and support efforts to allow the govern…
 : . : meanwhile, phrma isn’t even willing to take the most basic step toward transparency. the industry’s prop…
 : .⁦⁦⁩ : i’m all for greater transparency, but the american people already know they are paying way too much f…
tps recipients in baltimore and throughout the u.s. call this country home, and their families would be torn apart… 
since the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in , many states have renewed efforts to block people from… 
 :  under #potus, there were  price hikes for every price cut. #potus should keep his campaign promise and al…
 : .: removing gag orders on pharmacists is a small step i support, but it won't lower drug prices. https://t.c…
i am honored to stand with the registered nurses at hopkins as you organize your union. you should be able to choos… 
it was great to welcome back so many baltimore natives who love this city and want to give back. #bmorehome 
i am so happy to meet these inspiring members of the baltimore leadership school for young women’s lethal ladies st… 
but unless we significantly expand funding and resources for treatment, this national crisis will continue to worse… 
i applaud the senate for taking a key bipartisan step to address the opioid epidemic in this country, and i’m pleas… 
 : if the democrats win the house, maryland's elijah cummings could become trump's recurring political nightmare. https://t.…
 : “insurance companies will cherry-pick customers and make coverage so expensive many marylanders won’t be able to afford…
 : with  , baltimore's congressional delegation &amp;  to release new report on the devastating effects…
 : .: before the affordable care act, the most powerful stories we heard were from people who couldn't get co…
 : “we have made so much progress in preserving our health. we can’t afford to roll back those gains.”  #prote…
 : “we thought we fought the #aca battle and it was behind us. this is crazy. why on earth would you introduce instabilitie…
 : proud to stand with ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ to p…
 : proud to stand with        …
 : “we’re going to give it our best to protect our healthcare in maryland.”  #protectourcare …
 : proud to join       to discuss the fight…
 : .: “let’s be clear—president trump and attorney general sessions are trying to turn back the clock to the da…
i am getting ready to host a press conference about a new report by my staff about the trump administration’s threa… 
 : the trump administration's position on obamacare could mean that roughly . million marylanders may lose their insurance…
dr. christine blasey ford relived her trauma before the world with courage, clarity and conviction. #ibelieveford
a fair process in the kavanaugh allegations demands that the fbi investigate. that investigation must be thorough and transparent.
my mother, ruth cummings, told me just before she passed: “don't let them take the vote away from us.” during her … 
i am praying for the victims and families in aberdeen and i thank the first responders for their immediate action.… 
dr. ford passed a lie detector test and asked for an fbi investigation. will judge kavanaugh do the same?
 and i are getting ready to join  to launch baltimore’s  census complete count committee.… 
 :  contract to deliver millions of emergency meals was completely botched, and urgent requests for fuel to hel…
 :  .: unclear whether #potus received this info and disregarded it—or there was a serious communic…
 :  new doc: search and rescue team reported “mass graves in mud slide areas” and “don’t know if it’s families,…
 :  new doc: intelligence assessment for defense secretary and chairman of joint chiefs five days after pr hurr…
 :  new docs raise serious questions about #potus claims that his response to puerto rico hurricanes was “incre…
 :  .: it is particularly inappropriate that he is spending his time today defending his indefensib…
 : .: #potus comments today that puerto rico death toll of , was fictional account by democrats are appalli…
 americans are dying every day from opioid overdoses. how can we say we can’t find the money to treat these peop… 
 : when hurricanes devastated #puertorico &amp; #usvi, the admin botched its response. a report by  concluded that th…
dr. wen is a brilliant physician and a passionate public health leader. although she will be sorely missed by balti… 
nearly  children remain separated from their families after this administration tore apart these families at the… 
thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been… 
today, members of the house and senate will meet to create a compromise to the #farmbill. house republicans want to… 
cummings urges federal transit administration to investigate following the release of report identifying deficienci… 
while we celebrate another labor day, i would like to take a moment to recognize hardworking americans – the worker… 
 : icymi:  seeks trump administration plans to restore worker rights after court ruling 
 : the care act provides sustained funding to areas hardest hit by #opioidcrisis we can save lives by doing what works …
this is a disease and we need to treat it as such.
that is why  and i introduced the #careact.
when you’ve got a situation where life expectancy has gone down. we’ve got a problem.
we have a challenge when you’ve got thousands of people across this nation dying. when you’ve got a situation where… 
there are people that are dying every day. probably before we finish this press conference somebody is going to die… 
this morning i’m speaking at an event to observe international overdose awareness day with  and… 
the assault on public servants began on his first day in office, when he prohibited federal agencies from filling v… 
president trump’s decision to freeze federal workers’ pay after he pushed through a trillion dollar tax cut for bil… 
 : breaking:   request  investigation into release of abigail spanberger's unredacted sta…
 :  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, and out…
our country has lost an honorable patriot and dedicated public servant. my thoughts and prayers are with the mccain… 
the judge invalidated president trump’s orders because they went against laws that a bipartisan congress passed decades ago.
president trump tried to strip federal workers — and whistleblowers — of statutory protections against arbitrary an… 
this is a key victory for the american people and public servants who dedicate their careers and their lives to our… 
 if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by r… 
senator john mccain has always been a fighter, a patriot, and a dedicated father and husband. i want to extend my t… 
 : breaking:  seeks testimony from michael #cohen after he directly implicates #potus in crimes …
today, i was honored to testify before the subcommittee on transportation and infrastructure of the senate’s commit… 
 : with  and  in ellicott city at epw field hearing examining recovery after second ,-year f…
 : news ale: top democrats   seek information on #bolton security clearance after revelation…
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of kofi annan. he was a visionary leader who cared deeply a… 
senator burr, congress should be focused on oversight of president trump instead of endorsing his use of security c… 
 : president trump is using security clearances as a political weapon while his top aides got special treatment and access…
 : news ale:  demands information on president’s decision to revoke former cia director’s clearance. https://…
my prayers are with aretha franklin's family and i hope that her everlasting influence on our culture will bring pe… 
paul ryan said the president was “just trolling people” when he threatened to revoke clearances from former public… 
i am proud of the work being done at johns hopkins hospital to create new opioid prescribing guidelines for our doc… 
 : news ale:  issues statement on dismissal of “seven member” suit against trump administration for withholdi…
mr. president, it is beneath you and the office of the presidency to call any woman a dog. it is degrading and deme… 
this president has consistently tried to distract us from the things we have been fighting for.
i want him to be honest with the american people. i want him to bring integrity back to the white house. i want him… 
i do not believe president trump has been a man of his word.
i think it is a low bar for the president of the united states to say he is against racism. he’s got to do better than that.
i will be on  this morning. tune in! 
 : one year after charlottesville,  talks with maryland democrat  about the state of race relations in th…
a team’s culture is created at the top and that is why the athletic director and head coach must step down. the hea… 
the harmful – potentially deadly - environment at the maryland football program is horrendous and must be stopped immediately.
and we must finally pass the dream act to end this cruel uncertainty.
if you are currently protected under daca, please look into renewing your status asap. there is a real chance a fed… 
 : news ale: ,   seek subpoena for state department docs withheld from congress after bipartisa…
congratulations to  for receiving a national endowment for the humanities grant for your project, monsters &amp;… 
today i stopped by the baltimore ceasefire event. i salute the organizers and the hundreds of citizens who are dete… 
 : #titlex has improved millions of lives and expanded access to reproductive health, family planning and preventive care…
 : we can’t defeat the opioid crisis with empty words and half measures. i was with  in baltimore today to discuss…
 : thank you to  for coming to baltimore today to discuss #healthcare and the devastating #opioidepidemic with my…
i believe that one day we will enact this bill. we as a nation will invest the resources needed to end this crisis. #careact
i am speaking at a roundtable event with  to talk about the #opioidepidemic 
 : roundtable discussion with  and  on opioid crisis – live on c-span  …
 : happening today:  and  host roundtable with #baltimore community leaders on efforts to combat the…
 : "the #opioidcrisis is getting worse, but the #careact is a comprehensive way we can address this epidemic. no member of con…
 : " and i are sponsoring the #careact, which aims to provide a sustained line of funding to address the #opioidepid…
i do not think that any member of congress wants to see their constituents suffer.
a lot of people are suffering. a lot of people are dying.
i think the federal response has been weak. back in  this crisis cost the american people $ billion.
i will be on  shortly. tune in! 
we are determined. when we take the house back it is going to be a different world.
we have to take proposals like this and make them happen. as i have said many times, talk is cheap.
i am speaking at a press conference on medicare negotiation and competitive licensing act with  and… 
 : i'll host a press conference tomorrow about the medicare negotiation and competitive licensing act, a bill i am introd…
 : .  demand hearing with director of national intelligence after republicans allege president tr…
 : read  statement on reports #trump is considering revoking clearances of former intelligence officials.  http…
 : president trump's hiring policies indicate a desire to prioritize white men above all others in the federal workforce. i co-l…
 : happening friday:  and  to hold roundtable w/baltimore community leaders on efforts to combat the…
my thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of howard county firefighter nathan flynn. it is because of his bra… 
the doctors behind me are the lifesavers. they are the ones who make a difference.   we want to give them the policies to empower women.
we are going to fight with everything we got.
is great again telling women that if you don’t use the rhythm method, forget it? that is not great again.
is greatness having women go to those lengths to try to address their own needs?
 : thanks to the entire federal delegation of baltimore city for standing with us to provide health access to women in balt…
this morning i am speaking at a press conference opposing title x funding cuts and the domestic gag rule. 
drug companies are making billions, but #merck is lowering prices for drugs that do not rake in profits. why did… 
 : breaking:    statement on on the urgent need for hearings after receiving bri…
instead, he legitimized putin and disrespected the clear findings of our law enforcement and intelligence officials… 
...he could have stated forcefully to the entire world that the russians are lying and that america is prepared to… 
president trump could have canceled the meeting, he could have called on congress to impose additional sanctions, o… 
our nation has never looked so powerless and so weak on the international stage, with president trump actually clai… 
 : read  statement on new hhs ig report on secretary price's private travel. 
 : read  statement on new #mueller indictments. 
 : subpoena sought over allegations epa mishandled records requests  via  
 : breaking: new #epa interview transcript excerpts raise serious concerns about foia abuses 
 : top dem  displays posters of ‘guilty’ subjects in mueller probe 
 : . : at the last judiciary hearing, chairman gowdy said that if the special counsel has evidence of a crime,…
 : . : there has been one obvious development. the special counsel has now obtained five guilty pleas and indic…
 : . :  so what changed?  why did our chairmen promise not to interfere—wittingly or unwittingly—but then sudde…
 : .: in public, they are holding emergency hearings, issuing unilateral subpoenas, and threatening contempt an…
 : .: but now they are doing the opposite. behind closed doors, they are asking individuals involved in the rus…
 : when chairman goodlatte and chairman gowdy launched their joint investigation into hillary clinton’s emails, they promis…
 : . is speaking at the joint hearing on oversight of fbi and doj actions surrounding the  election: testim…
 : icymi: new docs raise concerns about potential conflict of interest off former drug company lobbyist hired by #trump adm…
 : i'm heading to the floor to hold a moment of silence honoring the victims of the shooting at .  hostility t…
 : breaking:   call for release of peter #strzok transcript. hundreds of gop questions show exte…
we’ve got children who may never be reunited with their parents.
there was never any intention to reunite these children with their parents. they executed this zero tolerance policy with no forethought.
i will be on  in a few minutes. tune in!
 : news ale: oversight committee democrats ramp up demand for hearing on #trump administration’s inhumane child separatio…
#potus should allow the government to negotiate directly for lower prices for drugs, like he promised during the campaign.
#pfizer drug price rollback is temporary and applies only to recent price increases. this is not a solution.
we must have a justice who will apply the law fairly even for the most vulnerable among us, and not interpret it to… 
today, i had a call with hhs and am extremely disappointed with the lack of information they gave to members of con… 
this is a cruel and harmful policy that was aggravated by the administration’s lack of basic humanity in thinking a… 
it is disgraceful that the trump administration had no plan to reunite children after tearing them away from their… 
 :  .: it is a prime example of how the trump administration is zealously promoting the interests o…
 :  .: president trump’s decision to keep pruitt on far too long—and to lavish praise on him even t…
 : . on #pruitt resignation: scott pruitt’s petty grifting and pervasive corruption are known far and wide, but…
 : ale: oversight committee ranking member  releases new transcribed interview excerpts from top #pruitt aide…
 : at : p.m. today, please join us in a moment of silence to honor the five members of our capital gazette family that we l…
 : news ale:   team up to obtain info from doj, dhs, and hhs on immigrant children separated a…
today, i issued a statement in recognition of independence day. we live in a great country, but there is still work… 
we will not rest until every child is reunited with his or her parents. we cannot and will not be silent while chil… 
we have called upon the inspectors general of doj, dhs, and hhs to conduct a comprehensive investigation into how t… 
we have launched our own effort to ensure that families are reunited without delay, and we will continue to demand… 
we have called for an oversight committee investigation into the child separation policy, and i will continue to as… 
families belong together. i am working to ensure we have truly stopped separating families at the border, that we a… 
 : gun violence has become a daily occurrence in america, and we have to decide if this is the kind of country we want to…
 : this act of hate cannot be divorced from the rhetoric coming from president trump and his supporters, who routinely ca…
 : these men and women were targeted for doing their job - reporting on the community they cherished and constantly seeki…
my heart goes out to the families and victims of the shooting at the capital gazette. we have had to witness far to… 
the house gop’s “opioid week” failed to address the crisis by providing adequate treatment funding. my bill with… 
 : . issues statement on supreme court decision in janus v. afscme  
today i implored oversight committee republicans to join democrats request for documents on immigrant children sepa… 
to everyone who showed up at airports, who marched, who volunteered their time and resources, we must not lose hope… 
five years ago, the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in shelby county v. holder. today, the court struck… 
the urgency right now is to get these young people back with their parents.
we have no clue how much is costing the united states, and how these contracts are being handed out.
we want to be humane. we want to make sure these families are reunited after the president created this false crisis.
i will be on  in a few minutes. tune in!
 : today  questions: 💬    💬    💬     📺 join us soon for america's 🇺🇸 premie…
 : news ale:  announces new effort by oversight dems: trump administration officials must account for every i…
we have to defend this democracy.
we have been lied to over and over again.
today, i issued a statement on president trump’s reversal of his administration’s immoral family separation policy.… 
we cannot be silent. this is not the moment for silence.
we are no longer the shining example of what is right.  : today on closing bell with  &amp; :  apple's vp of hardware engineering on the new products announced to…
 : is there a major shift coming to the u.s. house? if so, how will  &amp;  lead for oregon? #fridayfor…
well said  ! #teamkate #orpol 
let's make sure we get those ballots in by next tuesday! 
don’t listen to those who say we can’t prevent these type of attacks.   enough is enough. it’s time to start trying… 
deeply saddening news coming out of pittsburgh, a city i just visited filled with such energy and optimism. my hear… 
illinois gubernatorial race is the latest example of marijuana legalization being good politics as well as good pol… 
this is an example of the sense of hope and encouragement that i am picking up at every turn.   iowa's th has had… 
on november th, please do not forget the gop has voted, campaigned, &amp; litigated against your healthcare for years.… 
 : the story behind time's guns in america project  
honored to be the only oregon official chosen to participate in this incredible project. there's not one single sol… 
.'s deq gave oregonians a chance to weigh in on trump's environmental rollbacks––something his epa i… 
no coincidence or is #.  pushed for automatic voter registration and supported vote by mail as sec… 
thanks for your leadership making sure oregon has #nocutscare 
words matter. words can cause action.   it's not a coincidence that the targets of these explosives were all target… 
republicans won't listen to the american people.  maybe they will listen to ronald reagan. #expandsocialsecurity ⬇️… 
 : ., perhaps congress' biggest urban transportation reformer, on what advocates face in the fight for trans…
even trump realized how bad the first tax scam was and is now pivoting to another. he continues to be unhinged and… 
rail~volution takes to pittsburgh. inspired by their comeback story and all the enthusiasm for transit! #rvpgh  
in  days, you can fight back.   bigotry and hate have no place in our democracy. #wontbeerased 
same! 
when at  wins his seat in congress, i’m sure he would be proud to be the lead! 
reprehensible! once again showing trump losing another battle with reality. 
when it comes to animals, this 'law and order' president is refusing to enforce the laws that protect them.   elect… 
in the aftermath of an international scandal involving the murder of an american journalist by his saudi buddies &amp;… 
yes, he is.  is poised for a huge upset.   let's get  out of congress. there's no place f… 
trump thinks brat is great for the state of va. but the people of the commonwealth of virginia, know… 
most of america agrees—it's time to stop the pointless stonewalling and finally fix our federal marijuana policy.… 
it’s always a good idea to double check your voter registration, it only takes  seconds. click this link… 
now is our moment to get this right and your vote will make it happen. 
gop strategy: cry wolf on "voter fraud," restrict access to the ballot box, keep people of color home on election d… 
this is why i've provided leadership on pollinator protection in congress for years. pollinator health matters and… 
more lies from donald trump. is anybody really surprised?   americans increasingly support single payer options, an… 
great conversation today w/ students at my alma mater, , about our nation’s most pressing issues. thi… 
climate change, as i have long argued, is the major threat we face. the only change is that it’s even worse than we… 
this weekend, senate republicans reminded everyone of why your vote matters.   we can’t afford for you to stay home… 
my statement on today’s senate vote to send brett kavanaugh to the supreme court 
this is a very powerful read.   
. is the real deal. consider supporting her   you should also come out to our… 
this tells you all you need to know. america deserves better than trump, and texans deserve better than sessions.… 
trump got rich through tax dodges, lied about it, &amp; proceeded to give an enormous tax cut to the top %. republican… 
 : we can get mad at this. tweet up a storm. call him names. all those things. or - we can do the only thing that really matters. vot…
this week-long "investigation" is a joke and sends a message to dr. ford &amp; survivors everywhere that their voice me… 
another unfortunate sign that trump is no ally of the lgbtq+ community.  
great to see my former staffer  getting it exactly right—the federal gov't should never have dismantled… 
with  days until the midterms, our election systems are still not secure. congress must pass my legislation with… 
this is disgraceful and must stop. #votebluetosaveamerica  
kavanaugh is not the victim here.
 : they’re prosecuting a victim. cross-examining a survivor. last time i checked she wasn’t the one asking our country for…
as if we needed more evidence:   kavanaugh does not belong on the supreme court.
 days.  that's how long the gop delayed to steal merrick garland's seat. but apparently, it only takes one day t… 
while they attempt to push through their supreme court nominee accused of sexual assault, the gop refuses to renew… 
 : only the best people 
 : such a frustrating graphic: percent of gop women on senate judiciary during anita hill hearing vs. today. there’s never been a…
this decision by senate republicans shows that listening to dr. blasey ford is only about checking a box. to vote o… 
 : the “lock her up” crowd is super into due process this week.
allowing the land &amp; water conservation fund to expire is the clearest indication of the gop's attack on public land… 
trump has quite literally made the united states the laughingstock of the world. shameful. 
as we celebrate #nationalvoterregistrationday it is time for congress to pass my legislation that establishes autom… 
overall, immigrants are less dependent on public services &amp; are arrested less often. the whole point of assistance… 
trump shows again that he puts the interests of the wealthy few over everything else. in this case, they are puttin… 
this president is on another rampage. firing deputy ag rosenstein would be an unfortunate step back for justice. it… 
dr. blasey ford is a model of courage for all survivors. her willingness to testify for the judiciary cmte this wee… 
it's game day! good luck to  as they compete for back-to-back  championship titles in their rematch a… 
today is #nationalpubliclandsday now more than ever, the fate of our public lands hangs in the balance. if you care… 
very excited to celebrate portland's newest investment in community wellness. garlington health center puts ne port… 
survivors should be supported and respected, not attacked.   trump is as insensitive as he is unfit to be president. 
brett kavanaugh is an extremist who threatens reproductive rights. he has no place on the supreme court. and now, t… 
oregon is lucky to have a governor who stands up for reproductive rights (amongst many other things). thank you… 
this cap is cruel. countries far more troubled than the most powerful nation in the world find a way to help those… 
we must believe and support survivors.   the serious and credible allegations against kavanaugh demand a full inves… 
as i was quoted in the article:”this is insane”.   i am working on legislation to fix this outrage, which will happ… 
as hurricane florence bears down on north carolina, we are reminded that that the state gop lawmakers decided to ig… 
as gop continues its attacks on social security, democrats have an alternative. we are committed to the financial s… 
ask the volunteers on the ground.   ask the loved ones of those lost.   doubling down on lies does not change reali… 
gop polices increased deficit by $b. if we paid $/second, it would take , yrs to pay it back. now they're… 
 continues showing great leadership. we can never stop fighting this cruel and destructive administr… 
when an administration's lack of response kills , more people than one of the worst natural disasters in our na… 
another year, another tax scam.   this is why we need a better congress. 
by dismantling environmental protections, rejecting sound science, &amp; putting industry over public health, the trump… 
republican leadership continues to stymie much-needed progress. there must be a price to pay this november for deny… 
a new low. trump and his administration continue to work to violate basic standards of decency. terminating flores… 
after shoving through a cruel house farm bill &amp; a status quo senate bill, leaders are now negotiating a final bill.… 
across the country there are state &amp; local policies to protect our families from toxic pesticides. house gop wants… 
gutsy. inspired choice. clearly there was retribution for courage of his convictions. people should be encouraged t… 
 red states are bringing the lives of those living with pre-existing conditions to court today. these vicious att… 
there are many reasons trump's scotus nominee, kavanaugh, would be a disaster. how many more would we find as gop j… 
a "fantastic job"??!! like a "heckuva job"?  answer to the thousands who died, their families &amp; their communities.… 
the november elections are more important than ever: the administration is infringing on the rights of american cit… 
my friend &amp; colleague  understands what's at stake with dangerous &amp; unfair marijuana policies. a messag… 
this white house is utterly out of touch. prohibition has failed—no amount of manufactured counter-narrative can st… 
happy #nationalbowtieday to you too, my friend! people love bowties, and in the people's house, the bowtie will nev… 
the gun violence epidemic must be treated like the public health crisis that it is. the carnage will only continue… 
john mccain's sense of honor made him a strong ally in the senate as we worked together on legislation to ensure th… 
we've lost an american hero. senator john mccain will be remembered for his courage &amp; steadfast dedication to serve… 
trump is exposing gop for what it really is: a party steeped in corruption, cronyism &amp; incompetence, putting indust… 
wells fargo is at it again. the bank that's cheated thousands of its customers is now undercutting the will of more… 
in the endless stream of horrible ideas coming from the trump admin, they want to use money intended for mental hea… 
plea deal by 's lawyer raises even more questions. what else is trump hiding? other illicit payments? trump, as h… 
corruption is at the very core of trump's gop. it speaks volumes that the first  members of congress to endorse hi… 
the culture of corruption &amp; cronyism runs deep in the trump administration (remember pruitt, price, flynn??), and t… 
guilty is guilty. and the evidence of corruption around trump cannot be ignored. the manafort conviction &amp; guilty p… 
while the west burns &amp; the world suffers from climate change, trump unveils a #dirtypowerscam letting polluters off… 
this is a graphic illustration of why it is imperative to #abolishice &amp; restore humanity at our borders.  
inspiring meeting today w/  &amp; the . while the trump administration continues to carry out it… 
our #paveact is the first step towards ensuring the integrity of the  midterms, the  presidential, and all… 
our democracy is under threat. trump knows he'll benefit from outside election interference, which is why he &amp; gop… 
exciting to see this nationwide effort. we all need to understand that the press is our first line of defense again… 
important conversation today with local health care leaders on how to thoughtfully strengthen our health care syste… 
exciting to see the new developments in downtown gresham—vibrant public art, new businesses. the community is well… 
ag is critical to or's economy. family farmers &amp; ranchers feed americans &amp; millions around the world. but trump is… 
our fight to win back the majority is important for several reasons, &amp; ending the failed prohibition on marijuana i… 
recycling is key to sustainable living, but our system is facing issues due to chinese import restrictions. met w/… 
i had the opportunity to tour the  training facility in vegas—awesome display of worker and leadersh… 
it’s national farmers market week! i'm proposing to expand assistance for farmers markets &amp; support local food infr… 
drain the swamp? between trump admin &amp; gop in congress, the swamp is swampier. if they aren't working at the behest… 
domestic abusers often seek to manipulate or intimidate survivors by threatening or harming their pets. congress sh… 
this cat was the salvation of a survivor of domestic abuse, who was from georgia &amp; found out about … 
an amazing visit at . this terrific facility is located immediately adjacent to a women’s shelter,… 
republicans may celebrate a squeaker of a victory but not a single one is resting easy tonight #oh
investment in public education. environmental justice. voting access.  these young progressive leaders are w/ us in… 
amazing tour of urban ag efforts underway at  &amp; . jaw dropping ingenuity &amp; commitment t… 
. understands the positive impact of biking &amp; the importance of giving back to his community. he's using… 
celebrating our victory over gop attempts to gut the critical wind energy production tax credit during #goptaxscam… 
despite an onslaught of outrageous attack ads from gop &amp; trump’s personal intervention, the ohio special election f… 
trump's "junk plans" are just fine . . . unless you get sick, have pre-existing conditions, or need preventative, m… 
had a wonderful lunch with the winners of the earl blumenauer scholarship at my alma matter, centennial hs. it's yo… 
i got my start in politics leading the fight to lower the voting age &amp; working on election reform. gop attacks on t… 
jill kuehler, old friend from zenger farm days, prepares for her launch of freeland spirits. another welcome additi… 
at a time when we need to be doing more to #actonclimate, trump is threatening the very air we breathe. you deserve… 
as if we needed another reason to want steve king out of congress: 
the war on drugs has destroyed lives, disproportionately impacting low-income communities &amp; people of color. we nee… 
i spent yesterday afternoon strolling the kerns neighborhood &amp; meeting w/ many of its new vibrant biz owners. when… 
and the rich get richer. more cuts mean more struggle for working families. this is yet another example of the gop’… 
this administration will stop at nothing to push its anti-immigrant agenda. adding a citizenship question to the … 
important conversation with environmental partners about the next steps in our fight to protect our natural world f… 
tough interview!  thanks to theo, clara, and grady for having me on their podcast, . these bright yo… 
 : the democratic party has gotta make it clear that they will fight to legalize a non addictive form of pain management i…
at a time when climate change is supercharging a hot &amp; dangerous summer, trump has done everything to undermine our… 
a great visit with the pacific northwest carpenters institute to learn more about their apprenticeship program trai… 
no better way to start the august district work period than on a bike ride with  bike enthusiasts! 
one year ago, trump announced his unconscionable ban against transgender americans serving in our military. in our… 
we have to honor our commitment to the brave men and women who risked their lives to help us.  
this is why congress should have approved my veterans equal access amendment that passed both the house and the sen… 
we need a congress that will work to make sure everyone has access to affordable health care, not sabotage it at ev… 
this crisis is not over. we have to keep speaking out. demand that trump end his cruel anti-immigrant policies &amp; re… 
you shouldn't have to choose between your health or financial security. yet drug companies get richer as they take… 
we will not stand by and let this administration continue its attacks on american workers and their right to organi… 
simply outrageous. california has been instrumental to building our green wall of resistance, and trump knows it. w… 
we knew that trump &amp; his cronies were undermining protections for our special places to help corporate polluters, b… 
randy greg giving a tour of john yeon’s shire across the columbia river from multnomah falls falls 
part of the sunday parkway. a perfect day, thousands of people, having fun on bicycles, with the whole family 
and this is the oppressive dictator trump spoke of in such glowing terms...a "very honorable" leader?!  pay close a… 
another reason we have to work to get a better congress: we need a house that will protect reproductive freedom.… 
our fight for science continues. flying under the radar: another plan to rollback critical environmental &amp; wildlife… 
as we continue resisting gop's assaults on our healthcare, we are working to advance our positive alternatives to e… 
 we're counting on it! #bluewave
the future of the internet is at stake in our fight for #netneutrality. the senate voted to #savetheinternet. we're… 
today house gop refused to stand up to trump &amp; voted down democratic efforts to help secure our elections from outs… 
wrong, and wrong.   russia is a clear and present danger to our democracy.   house gop is being unpatriotic &amp; cowar… 
trump has one priority: himself. making $$ off us taxpayers while diminishing us credibility &amp; leadership abroad is… 
as trump sells out our democracy &amp; refuses to stand up to putin, house gop is complicit. we need action. they won't… 
you chose putin over your own hand-picked intelligence officials. lying and doubling down will not change that. 
reminder: we have legislation to help prevent foreign interference in our elections. gop: do your job, put aside th… 
it is hard to stay focused, but we must. everyday we must fight to elect a better congress that will protect our de… 
trump characterizes some of our strongest allies as the enemy. he undermines theresa may &amp; angela merkel, while coz… 
amidst the ongoing cruelty of trump‘s attacks on immigrant families and forced separation, the continued assaults o… 
how is this an issue? everyday, children are punished because their families are unable to afford school lunches.… 
another encouraging signal of cannabis becoming ever more established and mainstream. 
mueller’s “witch hunt” returns its nd indictment and has secured multiple guilty pleas.   should… 
trump &amp; his administration have unleashed an unprecedented attack on public health. it's not just our health care,… 
there's no question: college debt is holding our students back. we can't rely on a game show to address this crisis… 
if shooting after shooting won't move my gop colleagues to action, what will? shameful. any elected official standi… 
now is our moment. 
finding good homes for animals in need is good for the soul. #pawsforcelebration 
criminalizing immigrants. treating people like animals. instilling fear in our communities.  our immigration system… 
catering to polluting industries, trump &amp; his cronies are threatening our clean water, clean air, and climate. demo… 
more evidence of ice cruelty and dysfunction. #abolishice 
as they try to stack the court, we must stack city councils, statehouses, and congress. this is why elections matte… 
ugly indeed. i have the alternative—a #farmbill for everyone, not just a select few.  fortunately, it's not too lat… 
good riddance.   given pruitt's complete failure to protect our clean air and water, and with  open federal inves… 
portland forever.  #oneportland #rctid #beatseattle #seavpor 
trump perpetrated a human rights violation. families ripped apart. kids detained in cages. no plan to bring them ba… 
college world series champions! #gobeavs
. &amp; i have legislation to #abolishice. it's time we start over &amp; restore a more humane and service-ori… 
this is a blow. trump will only nominate another far right, inflexible, mindless partisan to the court. we have muc… 
 : do not get lost in a sea of despair. be hopeful, be optimistic. our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week, a mont…
america needs unions to combat an economy rigged against working ppl. #janus case was brought by a handful of right… 
just met with ! we need to make sure she joins me in congress.#bluewave   
we need to pass the #equalityact now. another reason why we need a better congress! members of the lgbtq community… 
people like this are the future of american food &amp; agriculture. congress must preserve and expand investment in the… 
#scotus decision to uphold trump's #muslimban is a historic &amp; shameful sanctioning of discrimination &amp; islamophobia… 
losing kids, dehumanizing people, entering people's houses without warrants, refusing to identify themselves…it’s t… 
when will children be reunited with their families? how much longer will they be held in prison-like conditions? de… 
victory! these asylum-seekers have a fundamental right to legal services. thank you, ! 
 amen!
to regain the trust of the american people, it’s time we #abolishice. 
president trump, deal maker? not so fast   via  
 : next week the house is scheduled to consider the dod appropriations bill for fy. i have filed an amendment with …
our own john russell not only leading by example, but holding people’s feet to the fire.  chicago is becoming a technology mecca - inventors, musicians and investors...this is an conference you don't want… 
statement of representative danny k. davis on the synagogue massacre 
() williams prep school of medicine at dusable,  s. wabash, chicago, il.  registration is required and the eve… 
() got an idea? need patent/trademark advice?  join me, the world intellectual property organization (wipo), the u… 
civility is more than an right letter word....
 : of the . million chicago-area homeowners who've been claiming federal deduction for state + local taxes, about ,…
...former attorney general eric holder, george soros, and the use of rep. debbie wasserman schultz’s name as the re… 
i condemn in the strongest terms all acts of violence and terror and rhetoric advocating such violence or terror. … 
october is national disability employment awareness month.   in  american adults has a disability; yet individual… 
  but you realize less jobs have been creates the year after tax reform than the years before right?
the high court...in a democratic republic? 
 : middle-income earners wouldn't need a new tax cut if the republican tax law had actually been for the middle class, as p…
 : tax 👏 cuts 👏 don’t 👏 pay 👏 for 👏 themselves  
 : davis, lahood show bipartisan support for childhood abuse, neglect prevention, program ceo says 
 : led by  &amp; , lawmakers urge  to protect #biofuels from #rfs waivers that threate…
 old tax law the st deduction was already untaxed - most tax payers claimed themselves so they took… 
to cap individual property tax filings and not corporations...tells it all. 
social security/medicare = your tax dollars that are withheld from your pay checks.... 
 : the deficit jumped by $ billion to $ billion this past fiscal year. the last time the deficit was this high, our c…
 : more than  employees of the united states’ primary border security agency were charged with drug trafficking, accepting bri…
 great overview on voter supression
 : indiana purged k voters.   georgia is freezing k newly registered black voters  north dakota is disenfranchising tho…
 : so the guy running for ga governor is the guy managing ga's voter rolls, who's also the guy purging ga's voter rolls in or…
g-a-s-l-i-g-h-t-i-n-g....
“with hundreds of employees in #il,  is partnering with the  to create more job opportunit… 
 : republicans are actively working to eliminate protections for americans with pre-existing conditions. if president trump…
including the bail system..... 
 : how unfair is this:   the republican tax law eliminated deductions that help average americans afford things like buying…
 : there may never be a better time to be a tax cheat: the irs pursues fewer cases of tax evasion than it did less than  years…
 : major victory for the rule of law in the effort by nearly  members of congress to hold  accountable…
 : ranking member : "in less than a year, house republicans have handed out trillions of tax cuts for the we…
 : now, i have criticized my republican colleagues for not paying for their tax reform. turns out i was mistaken – they wil…
merrick garland....... 
eventful day today...tomorrow tax . = $,,, cost for the budget hawks...
 : congressman  (il) makes remarks at mcdonald’s hill briefing, recognizing the company’s move to chicago and…
fbi investigation maybe? 
 : government borrowing has gotten so out of control, soon the united states’ payments for interest on our debt will outpac…
#nationalvoterregistrationday   register and vote...
 : republicans’ second tax scam is yet another reckless tax cut for the wealthy that leaves behind average, hardworking fam…
rep. davis, professor brad olson,  state rep. lashawn ford, jeff beckham, tumia romero and members of tech advisory… 
 : this week, hr subcmte chairman  and our hr ranking member  sent a letter to state child w…
"hell no, we won't go" congressman davis said referring to obama care. joined by congressional colleagues bobby rus… 
congressman danny k. davis commends the national heart, lung, and blood institute (nhlbi) of the national institute… 
tax reform . hearing today - tone deaf 
state and local tax deduction 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
 : in one year under the trump administration and republican leadership in congress, the u.s. will create more debt than ou…
 : speed  weekend at bernie's ii grown ups  jaws: the revenge sex and the city   even sequels as bad as these don’t comp…
--...never forget....
 please contact my dc office --
 : kavanaugh hearings shouldn’t even begin until all documents are released to the public and full and fair consideration can…
 : i am proud to have stood on the side of working men and women in voting to raise minimum wage, provide paid sick leave…
 : there is a massive difference between the treatment of white and black people regarding marijuana possession.  cha :…
 : california has become the first state in the nation to abolish cash bail for suspects awaiting trial with a massive reform…
$,,,...
rest in love... 
same old song... 
 :  was happy to be at  #backtoschool fair picnic &amp; parade this weekend in austin’s columbus park!…
r-e-s-p-e-c-t.... 
 : why did trump give a favor to a sanctioned putin buddy ahead of &gt;, requests from mostly american companies? as i…
guess healthcare is too expensive and complicated? 
 : i just published “imprisoned for poverty: why cash bail needs reform” 
iraq .? 
 : bad news: next year, “many taxpayers will end up paying more, because of complications in the new tax law that may not h…
i wonder what the conservatives now think about executive overreach in the era of trump. 
 : rudy giuliani has been moving the goal posts so much the field of trump stadium is over  yards long by now.
 : some of the biggest winners from president donald trump’s new tax law are corporate executives 
 : what’s come from the republican tax law? wage decreases, layoffs, and higher health insurance premiums. average working…
 : . and other members of the joint select committee on solvency of multiemployer pension plans are working…
eyes wide shut... 
and just pointing out... it would've be helpful to have a witness from the administration to answer questions about… 
at trade hearing on section  tariffs.  there has been a  haphazard implementation of tariff policies and imposit… 
 : republicans promised that their tax law would cause workers’ wages to go up, but that’s not happening.   …
things that make you go hmmmmmmmm 
brett kavanaugh could destroy roe v. wade, a woman's right to choose, protections for pre-existing conditions, brow… 
 : republicans promised that their tax law would cause worker wages to rise. is that happening? nope.   “inflation-adjusted…
c-o-m-p-r-o-m-i-s-e-d.  compromised 
 : another quarter, another  report showing that u.s. workers’ wages aren’t growing. the republican tax law has utt…
the bigger question is why even entertain this meeting given your administration is conducting an investigation int… 
 : ford hosts mandela's th annual street naming and birthday celebration  
... 
thats def one way to put it. 
fox news ---- putin interview.  fox news --- julian assange interview.  things that make you go hmmmmm.
 : it’s been six months since president trump signed the republican tax law, and workers aren’t seeing the benefits republi…
 : happy to support  and the state of the black male post conference report today #saam …
 : rev jackson and congressman danny davis have arrived  
 : “today’s imposition of tariffs on $ billion worth of chinese imports, and the potential additional tariffs on up to $…
 : “the trump tax cut bill has turned out to be a poster child for what happens when you abandon proven process for short-t…
it was once written..."we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endow… 
circa aca 
this is the part to when we all should say, "elections matter" 
 : today marks the anniversary of the signing of the civil rights act of  which outlawed segregation and employment dis…
 : justice for victims of lynching act of  could make lynching a federal crime:  …
 : the trump administration touted its new tax return form as being the size of a postcard.  but a draft version obtained by…
 : “ month after trump signed the tax bill, harley-davidson announced the closure of its kansas city plant with  jobs.…
congressman davis\' statement on supreme court decision on \'muslim ban\' 
 : at truman dinner,  asks everyone to stand up who has a preexisting condition. notes gop wants to eliminate insuranc…
 : first, harley-davidson shut down a plant and laid off hundreds of workers because of the republican tax law. now, the co…
#bebest 
think of it this way.  a taxpayer pays into medicare as a benefit you will one day use.  crazy to think something y… 
my statement on h.r.  – suppo for patients and communities act - i offered an amendment to place an emphasis on… 
short-sighted policy = long-term pain... 
trump's border policy is misguided 
 : the trump administration spends taxpayer money on cabinet secretaries’ private jet travel, tax cuts for the %, and cage…
rd world savagery....the more you talk; the more you know. 
 : this is a really good thread explaining the president's eo and the myriad of problems with it: 
three blind mice... 
 : happy #juneteenth! ✊🏾 
g-a-s-l-i-g-h-t-i-n-g.
 : trump: the democrats made us do it. stephen miller: it's our policy to do it. sec. nielsen: we're not doing it.
strange times we are living in 
happy father's day gentlemen.... 
if you were denied public service loan forgiveness bc you were on the wrong payment plan, you may qualify for forgi… 
 : the benefits of the republican tax law have not trickled down to american workers.    today, the u.s. bureau of labor st…
i think we have seen this before... 
 : despite overwhelming public support, the trump ’s repeal of #netneutrality starts today.  the senate has already vote…
 person = vote ? 
u s rep  davis hosting reentry forum with state rep. la shawn ford, cook county commissioner dennis deer, richard h… 
 : . invites youth to participate in the , a public effort to encourage young people to learn h…
 : gsa international educational connect : july  &amp; , mother wade conference center, chicago, il. first  delegat…
 : more local developers = ⬆️ homeownership = vibrant neighborhoods &amp; a safe city. making it happen w/  …
statement of congressman danny k. davis in support of his amendment to modernize and expand  healthy marriage promo… 
statement of congressman danny k. davis (as prepared) in support of his amendment to improve tanf supports for vuln… 
statement of congressman danny k. davis (as prepared) in support of his amendment to improve child well-being 
 : call in with questions for  if you’re listening and he will respond. -- #antilynchinglaw …
with joe madison this morning talking about anti-lynching legislation. 
 : listen right now on : i’m on with  who is working on a federal anti-lynching law. #antilync…
 : : committee hearings on infrastructure that ways &amp; means republican leaders have scheduled, despite requests from commi…
jasmine - i agree with you - we have a road map with the nd chance act 
 : how companies responded to the republican tax law – a case study:   harley-davidson took its tax cut, closed a factory,…
fastest road to building wealth is owning a home.  come out to learn tips and get information to start your journey. 
i wonder if this runling will make unions more attractive? 
"true words are being spoken" 
   the killing of + and wounding of + palestinians protesting the ope… 
i had the pleasure of visiting with andre on his story and motivation to provide a great service to those impacted… 
priorities matter... 
enjoyed our conversation today on children of incarcerated parents with my former social work fellow, dr. angelique… 
 : ty  - a friend to earth and all animals!   
join us via the link below for a panel discussion on children of incarcerated parents.  we go live at pm 
 : please support the . let's make this happen! 
  anoop you already know!!!! #netneutrality
 : watch: john bunn, wrongfully jailed at  in the  murder of a correction officer, cries as he is exonerated. …
 : .                …
 : what do small business owners think of the republican tax law?  heard this from an entrepreneur in his dis…
 : nearly six months since its signing, the republican tax law has spurred layoffs, higher health care costs, ballooning de…
eyes are "wide-shut"   ethics experts see a clear "quid pro quo" and another violation of the constitution's "emolu… 
 on the other side of the fence?
...is an abandonment of our commitments to be an honest and fair broker of diplomatic efforts to achieve security,… 
the killing of + and wounding of + palestinians protesting the opening of the u.s. embassy in jerusalem  is h… 
this is a real travesty for those impacted as we have seen in the past.  when no protections exist, it back to the… 
happy mother's day...
 : medicare is the largest buyer of rx drugs in us w/ huge potential to negotiate lower prices for seniors. medicaid &amp; va s…
 : recap video of  annual st. jude, red, white &amp; blue sparkling brunch on sun., may , ,  thank you f…
 : thank you to our nation’s leaders at the white house and on capitol hill for meeting with advocate aurora’s co-ceos ji…
 : in the first three months of , companies have spent $ billion rewarding wealthy investors with stock buybacks.  “…
 : excited to be at the #kempforum in chicago today –  to keynote, w/ , , …
 : there’s a republican in the white house and a republican majority in congress, yet the gop has no major legislative agen…
#bebest 
elections have consequences..  cfpb to shutter student loan office in charge of returning $m in relief  via 
 : pharmaceutical companies didn’t use their massive benefits from the republican tax law to lower drug prices – why does p…
 : did you know inmates who maintain contact with their families are less likely to re-offend after release? learn more at t…
with rep bobby rush &amp; rev. jessie jackson announcing the beginning process of introducing anti-lynching legislation… 
 : thanks  for meeting with    to discuss access to quality care iss…
 : congressman danny davis and nba president juan thomas    
 : "we have an opportunity to reform tanf to help parents make a living, but we should also remember our duty to support pa…
my subcommittee hearing in the human resources subcommittee on ways and means hearing on improving the tanf program. 
 : listen all y'all, it's a sabotage:  
statement of rep. danny k. davis on president trump's decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement 
 forthcoming - but in short - it is shortsighted, given we were accomplishing our goals with  other allies.
 : president trump has announced the withdrawal of the united states from the iran nuclear deal 
 : don't miss this house briefing on may th, pm with     
 : ranking member :   “in order to shower benefits on the well-off and well-connected, president trump and c…
join me at the kemp forum on expanding opportunity friday, may  with speaker paul ryan, congressman peter roskam,… 
 : workers’ wages have stagnated, but gas and prescription drug prices continue to increase. without resources to cope with…
 don't you think you should direct this tweet to sen. rubio; after all - i simply forwarded an interview… 
 what?
 those figures come from the dol.  they are very easy to look up.  it's very simple and takes less than a minute
  department of labor, you should check it out.  pay attention to the steady increase in ma… 
 : to help taxpayers better understand the republican tax law and to limit tax avoidance, ranking member  is…
things that make you go hmmm.. 
 these are the manufacturing stats.  looks alot was done in the obama years... 
 we are all looking for a robust economy but you can easily look at the data. 
 do you recall the emergence of the auto industry?
 aa employment rate  .% aa employment rate dec  .% today .%.  so that % drop attributed to what exactly?
  
  
 please do explain...
from your lips..to god's ears.... 
 : we know.   the #goptaxscam mortgages the future of seniors and working families in order to hand massive tax breaks to th…
 : breaking:  the city of seattle has just filed a motion to vacate all convictions &amp; drop all charges for marijuana possess…
ways and means subcommittee on human resources hearing on jobs and opporuniry.  we also have dan lustig from haymar… 
thurgood marshall  observed that none of us got where we are solely by pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps. we g… 
 : this, ladies and gentlemen, is the republican tax law paying off for scandal-plagued big bank executives:   https://t.co…
 : republicans promised that giving corporations massive tax cuts would lead to investments in workers, but big companies a…
    i have been in contact with greg via dm and reviewing the issue with my staff.
 : trump voter fraud commission head found in contempt of court for failing to uphold voting rights   http…
 : bipartisan event with leaders on #cjreform &amp; second chances to commemorate th anniversary of the second chance act. than…
honored to be with you all tonight celebrating the anniversary for the passage of the nd chance act. 
thanks to all of you that advocated for this bill.  while this is the st step in lawmaking,  and i are…  .' #birthrightcitizenship proposal violates his oath to preserve/protect the constitution. he knows, or shoul… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
just as he did through his cruel #familyseparation policy that ripped families apart, #trump is wasting precious ti… 

i am heartbroken and outraged by today’s heinous shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. everyone sho… 
 : don’t be the dealer! turn in your unused prescription meds today - (local time) as part of #takebackday and encourage your ne…
prescription drug costs are out of control, but republicans are more focused on handing billions to pharmaceutical… 
#trump and his #gop allies want you to believe they will protect coverage for people with pre-existing conditions,… 
and  found that, as of last week,  children were still waiting to be reunited with their parents. they’ve b… 
more evidence that #trump's #familyseparation campaign was a cruel failure: a new  report shows  and… 
big news! today #wrda was signed into law, and it includes my bill with  promoting #hydropower projec… 
 : the trump administration and its gop allies in congress have spent the past two years working to sabotage protections f…
the #trump administration has consistently targeted #transgender americans, denying their basic rights and dignity.… 
this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now… 
 : republican leadership has plans to continue destroying protections for millions of americans with pre-existing conditions.…
in the weekly democratic address, i speak out against republican efforts to erode health care coverage for pre-exis… 
this former coal lobbyist is presiding over a systematic dismantling of greenhouse gas reduction measures put in pl… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
on #spiritday, we’re uniting to oppose the bullying of #lgbtq youth. we need to ensure these young people, and all… 
it doesn’t matter if you’re republican, democrat or independent -- if congress doesn’t restore #netneutrality, you… 
honored to receive a  on 's congressional scorecard for my work to support #lgbtq equality. we won’t let up… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
this morning i appeared on 's spanish-language radio program, "hablemos hoy," to speak about my work to… 
thanks to residents and staff of denver's kavod senior living for a great visit last night. kavod is hebrew for "ho… 
#trump admin. attacks on the environment must end. if dems win control of the house, i’ll use my authority on… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
my pleasure! #medicare is a lifeline for nearly , coloradans; we must keep strengthening it. one way is throu… 
by request, we're extending the deadline through this weekend to submit stories to help shape our upcoming report o… 
on #nationalcomingoutday, we recognize the bravery it takes to be openly true to yourself when it might lead to mis… 
thanks so much to those who have emailed to share your stories about how the rising cost of insulin has affected yo… 
international #dayofthegirl reminds us what women and girls can achieve when they have support, encouragement and o… 
more than % of democrats and republicans across the country support #netneutrality. congress should reach across… 
today’s cola announcement of .% is good news, but we need social security benefits to keep up with the rising cos… 
we have to step up efforts to tackle mental health issues in the united states. we've made progress through systemi… 
big news: the senate has just passed #wrda, which contains my bipartisan bill with  promoting small… 
this #breastcancerawarenessmonth, we honor the survivors, stand with those who are battling the disease, and pledge… 
the new  climate report explains the stakes: we must act now to reduce greenhouse gas emissions enough within … 
one year after reversing the clean power plan, #toxictrump and his allies continue to loosen regulations on pollute… 
 : in brett kavanaugh, senate republicans have installed a wholly unfit justice to the #scotus. this is a dark day for wo…
 : the senate is expected to take a final vote on #brettkavanaugh’s nomination later today. in these last hours, it's vit…
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
 : it's unconscionable that  is forging ahead with the final phase of the #kavanaughconfirmation. a man who vio…
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
 : we are speaking up.    members of our caucus are sending a letter to the epa today demanding they rescind the #dirty…
we can't continue to rely on the courts to stop #trump's cruel and xenophobic agenda. we need action. that's why i… 
just months after i led this letter opposing 's "transparency rule,"  reports the agency ignored… 
through , i've been investigating #russia's doping scheme, but its efforts to subvert the institution… 
the #opioids bill passed by the senate means more research and better targeted funding to fight opioid abuse, but i… 
. and i have heard from many stakeholders in our quest to determine the causes of rising insulin prices.… 
for decades, #lgbtq coloradans have worked tirelessly and fearlessly to make the centennial state a leader in right… 
trump’s  was wrong to omit int'l data on #reprorights in its country reports on human rights practices. i… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
congrats to our  on their stunning and record-breaking game last night against the ! the nerve-racking… 
this decision by the #trump admin. creates needless and possibly dangerous obstacles for foreign diplomats in the u… 
a new report by  confirms what we’ve long suspected: #trump's #familyseparation policy was a disaster from d… 
time and again, the biggest victims of the #trump administration's cruel, reckless and chaotic immigration policies… 
on this day  years ago, the #hydeamendment barred federal funding for abortion. for too long, this provision has… 
proud to take part in this case. we need to establish whether president trump is obeying the law. 
in this week's e-newsletter, i recap the latest, including my work to stop the shameful #kavanaugh confirmation pro… 
even #trump admin can’t deny human activity promotes #globalwarming. still, they twist the analysis, saying that gi… 
 : .'s decision to move forward with a vote today on #brettkavanaugh further proves that yesterday's hearing wa…
this week's #kavanaugh hearing sparked an important national conversation about sexual assault but also unearthed p… 
disgusting that  is still “pushing through” #brettkavanaugh's confirmation, to quote , despi… 
donald trump jr.’s denver post diatribe against democrats is not the colorado way. we expect, and respect, rational… 
rod #rosenstein shouldn’t be fired or forced to resign for doing his job. who would be next: #mueller? that’s why c… 
good meeting with coloradans from  to discuss #climatechange's threat to the outdoor industry, along… 
i applaud dr. ford for bravely sharing the details of her sexual assault before  today. her earnest te… 
pregnancy-related death rates are rising in the u.s. one way congress can help reverse this alarming trend: pass h.… 
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
great to meet with two coloradans committed to clean sport  -- travis tygart, ceo of  and olympic bron… 
good news: the house just voted to approve $ million in funds to fight the #opioid epidemic. this builds on two… 
i joined  in affirming our strong opposition to #brettkavanaugh's nomination to #scotus. we can't le… 
.' one small step initiative is helping bridge the political divide through dialogue. i was pleased to t… 
 : . continues to ignore the growing number of sexual assault allegations against #brettkavanaugh in a frantic…
voting is a right for which many americans have had to struggle. on #nationalvoterregistrationday, let’s recommit t… 
christine blasey ford is a hero. her letter to  chairman  shows selflessness and willing… 
the mounting allegations against #brettkavanaugh further prove the need to halt 's sham of a confirmation… 
this latest #trump attempt to limit legal #immigration with racially-loaded tactics cannot stand. people who qualif… 
happy #nationalpubliclandsday. today you can explore our national parks for free:   i’ll kee… 
in 's world, letting dr. ford tell her story is a bigger threat than confirming her alleged sexual agg… 
honored to receive newsed community development's civil rights award, along with such people as ’s mi… 
 : as a survivor who didn't share my own assault for  yrs i believe dr. ford &amp; understand the difficulty of coming forwa…
one year after #maria made landfall in #puertorico, our fellow americans there are still suffering. the damage done… 
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
congrats to  on the groundbreaking of its new outpatient medical center, a state-of-the-art facilit… 
i've cosponsored this resolution to make sure #trump meets his legal obligation to consult with congress before set… 
i remain committed to working with  and  to ensure that our top athletes, many of whom live an… 
in february , i highlighted this controversy through  hearings that examined russia’s state spons… 
this decision by the world anti-doping agency is a major blow to clean sport around the world. allowing the reinsta… 
the internet and social media have revolutionized how innovators start small businesses, but the repeal of… 
honored to join my colleagues in this effort to hold president #trump accountable for his unforgivable remarks. to… 
what a wonderful initiative. as the #trump administration continues to undermine immigrants and refugees, it's hear… 
the proposed methane rule by ’s bureau of land management is a gift to industry polluters. it would… 
met with student leaders of  in denver, where we stood shoulder to shoulder with ’s susan ned… 
an informative, encouraging visit to , including a tour and talk with employees. on the agenda:… 
 : dr. christine blasey ford is risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand a thorough investigation of the al…
this is sickening.. #trump seems determined to close america's door to all those yearning to breathe free until it’… 
delighted to speak about empowerment, equity and more with colorado members of  and to present wome… 
beloved community village in denver is helping to provide shelter, security and dignity to people experiencing home… 
wishing a speedy recovery for my dear friend and mentor . good to know he’s with loved ones, in good ha… 
. chairman  &amp;  have so far refused to let dr. christine blasey ford testify… 
how brave of her to come forward. in light of this development, the scheduled vote on #kavanaugh’s confirmation sho… 
today is the beginning of national #hispanicheritagemonth, on occasion to celebrate the vast contributions this gro… 
in this week's e-newsletter, i recap the latest, including advancing two of my bipartisan bills, opposing trump's p… 
wildfires devastated colorado and much of the west this summer, and the threat could get worse if we don't find new… 
thrilled that the house just passed a package of bills containing h.r. , my bipartisan bill with … 
nearly  americans died in #puertorico and #usvi, but #trump chooses to belittle this tragedy i saw firsthand. h… 
i'm supporting a resolution led by  declaring september "national voting rights month" to oppose voter su… 
 : congratulations to  – this is an exciting new chapter for , and your expertise will be invaluable to t…
#trump talks big about being ready for #florence, but this news proves his real priorities: shifting  disaster… 
pleased  is strengthening its efforts to hold e-cig manufacturers accountable for protecting our kids' healt… 
 : americans need to be reminded how, when it works for the people, government can be a force for progress, justice, &amp; broadeni…
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
#trump's  has just proposed a rollback of obama-era rules that helped reduce harmful #methane waste. these stan… 
i was honored last night to speak about my experiences in public service at the kick-off event for 's ups… 
 years after #septemberth, we remember the victims, honor the heroes and stand united against terrorism. our na… 
today i was pleased to hold a community forum with residents of cherry hills village. with so many of our hard-won… 
later, i met with representatives of the 's colorado-wyoming chapter, which is dedicated to improving the… 
important public health focused meetings this morning at my denver office. first was a discussion with leaders of… 
wishing #shanatova to everyone observing #roshhashanah in colorado and around the world. may the start of this new… 
great community forum at abraham lincoln high. we discussed what’s happening in washington and how it affects color… 
today's the day - our community forum will start in an hour. i'm looking forward to a lively and productive discuss… 
in this week's e-newsletter, i recap the latest, including protecting women from abuse online, working to… 
proud to join my colleagues in sending this letter. we must honor the commitment we've made to every one of our vet… 
these concerns have only grown since our panel in june. this year's historic drought has forced colorado micro-brew… 
our latest community forum is tomorrow from : a.m. to noon at denver's abraham lincoln high school, and it's no… 
despite bipartisan support,  voted down my amendment to h.r. . it would have helped reduce waste and f… 
at a  hearing, i spoke about the need to protect nursing home residents' access to the courts. for to… 
bombshell revelation in  further proves #kavanaugh's commitment to overturning #roevwade. regardless of wha… 
online movements such as #metoo show that  is empowering women, but it's also exposing them to harassment a… 
.'s response arrived today. she has the power to prevent schools from using federal funds to arm teach… 
. ceo  is in washington testifying to . i'm asking him to detail what’s being done to pr… 
 : % of americans support #roevwade. we reject president #trump and brett kavanaugh’s extreme, anti-choice agenda. we n…
 : .: the entire system of #drugpricing is something we should be having hearings on. insists #subhealth cou…
thank you  for calling out judge #kavanaugh's slippery stance. his remark that #roe is settled law is… 
air traffic controllers are vital to keeping our skies safe. i met today with colorado members of  visiting d… 
u.s. women face an unacceptably high risk for complications during pregnancy and childbirth. congress must advance… 
i’ve just introduced a measure to help keep #methane leaks to a minimum whenever someone in this country exports li… 
. dumps , documents about judge #kavanaugh and then starts confirmation hearing the very next day? t… 
on #laborday, we honor u.s. workers &amp; those throughout history who fought for their rights while pledging to stop… 
i hope you've enjoyed these #topofthetownvisits highlighting the unique culture and strong entrepreneurial spirit o… 
. was named readers' choice for best new bar by , and i was pleased to hand-deliver my… 
our next community forum will be held on saturday, september  at abraham lincoln high school in denver. i hope you… 
members of congress head back to washington next week, and bringing back #netneutrality must be one of our top prio… 
 : epa's increasingly limited review of chemical risk amounts to little more than a rubber-stamp.   americans demand bette…
i joined  in sending a letter to  demanding she stop your federal education dollars fro… 
our next community forum will be held on saturday, september  at abraham lincoln high school in denver. please joi… 
meanwhile, a top advocate for student loan borrowers at  has stepped down due to the bureau's lack of support… 
. wants to make it harder for students to seek loan relief after being defrauded by unscrupulous for-p… 
the next stop on my #topofthetownvisits tour: the southern-inspired , which was awarded editors' choice… 
on #womensequalityday, we celebrate  years since the adoption of the #thamendment while acknowledging the work… 
senator john mccain was a man who, throughout his life, showed us the meaning of duty, bravery and integrity. i hon… 
great meeting with dr. jeanne feuerstein and dr. lisa deuel of ’ neurology department to talk about adva… 
and both are close confidants of #trump — some of those “best people” he claims he hires. if we are judged by the c… 
wishing #eidmubarak to muslims in colorado and around the world celebrating #eidaladha. 
alternation brewing company is 's editors' choice for best new brewery, and i was happy to meet its hu… 
we can't let ideologues in the #trump administration harm public health, pollute our environment and slow the fight… 
even worse,  wants to silence the research that led to this estimated health impact -- the 'six cities' health… 
simply unconscionable. with these new rules,  takes its reckless repeal of 's environmental legacy to n… 
to mark #startupweek, i visited  and spoke with local entrepreneurs about the unique opportunities a… 
supporting small businesses means supporting #netneutrality. small businesses need the internet to reach customers,… 
today and every day, a #freepress helps keep our country - and others - free. 
this is not only petty and spiteful, it’s short-sighted. if  can’t stand criticism by national security exper… 
 : what is ' #forthepeople agenda? ✔lower health care costs &amp; reduce the price of rx drugs ✔raise wages &amp; crea…
 : the president is afraid of  and he is afraid of me. he is afraid of women and minorities being in the lead…
wonderful to once again meet with members of , an organization that's ever-vigilant in its efforts to fig… 
congrats to justice #ruthbaderginsburg, who celebrates  years on the supreme court today. now more than ever, we… 
great meeting yesterday with members of , a group working on behalf of colorado latinos. i spoke with t… 
the trump administration is trying to rip away protections for the ,, people in colorado who have pre-existi… 
glad the court is standing up for science, but it's also a reminder that #scottpruitt refused to ban #chlorpyrifos… 
repealing #netneutrality has real consequences for americans. without these safeguards, consumers could be forced t… 
in another highlight from our telephone town hall, i speak about my efforts to tackle high prescription drug prices… 
 : this is a huge win for consumers and all who value competition, localism and diversity in our media!  this merger should…
important reminder: you can apply for a #daca renewal even if your last application was rejected specifically due t… 
thanks to all who participated in our live telephone town hall last night -- we had a great discussion. in this cli… 
our telephone town hall is about to begin! stream it live at . i’m looking forward to this t… 
congrats to denver, which is number five on the list of large cities producing the most  members. this e… 
a black woman in america must work until august  this year to catch up with the average pay for white, non-hispani… 
my live telephone town hall is happening tonight at : p.m. mt. if you'd like to register to receive a call, sign… 
my #topofthetownvisits continue with a stop at denver's the tatarian, this year's editors' choice for "best new bar… 
indeed, as we celebrate this anniversary, we must also unite to counter the unprecedented attack against… 
this is a big win in our fight to #protectdreamers but not a final victory. we must keep working towards a legislat… 
this desperation would be laughable if it wasn't so reprehensible. taking responsibility for one's actions is a bas… 
thanks  for the warm welcome &amp; lively discussion. this industry has been a boon to our state, &amp; i'm… 
yesterday, i visited clearspring pharmacy in denver to speak about h.r. , my bill that upgrades 's appro… 
a reminder that this important event will be happening on tuesday at  p.m. mt. sign up to receive a call or stream… 
my fellow leaders on  and i sent letters to three drug manufacturers demanding answers about their ro… 
my first visit this week was to , winner of the readers’ choice award for "best new restaurant,” wher… 
this year, i'm hand-delivering letters to some of the magazine’s "best new" winners to personally welcome them to o… 
for many years, i've written letters of congratulations to winners in our congressional district of 's… 
the #trump admin. is undermining health and costing taxpayers at the pump through this proposed rule. it would free… 
on #coloradoday, we reflect on our state's unique history while reaffirming our commitment to securing its future.… 
to borrow a phrase from , these junk plans are "the trump university equivalent of health insurance." t… 
 : #titlex has improved millions of lives and expanded access to reproductive health, family planning and preventive care…
today, i met with staff of the u.s. center for safesport in denver, which is dedicated to ending sexual abuse in ol… 
i'm holding another live telephone town hall next tuesday, august  at : p.m. mt to discuss the latest in congre… 
as the #trump admin. continues its lumbering attempt to #reunitefamilies,  delves deep into the crue… 
. provides nutritional and emotional sustenance for seniors across america. today, i met two of them… 
four days after the trump admin. missed its court-mandated deadline to #reunitefamilies, more than  children rem… 
wishing my friend  a speedy recovery..you are in my prayers.  great to stop by wrcm in wisconsin rapids last week. we talked about what i'm hearing from folks in western and cen… 
our students are our future, and wisconsin is in great hands. this week, i talked with cassville high students abou… 
“it’s been catastrophic.”  wisconsin manufacturers and farmers know that nobody wins in a trade war. the president'… 
the president’s declaration will be a welcome relief for many wisconsinites who have been flooded out of their home… 
wisconsin is home to over , miles of national scenic trails! what's your favorite trail to hike in wisconsin? 
mitch mcconnell's tax cuts are ballooning the national debt, and he's trying to shift the blame.  i'm fighting for… 
i am honored to receive a % on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no wisconsinite… 
in-person healthcare exchange assistance in wi has been drastically cut, making the process of picking the right he… 
medicare open enrollment is now open! from today to december , you have the opportunity to change your medicare he… 
have you curd the good news? today is national cheese curd day!  white or yellow, squeaky or deep-fried - there's n… 
congratulations, jordyn!  some of my favorite memories were made hunting with my boys. looking forward to bagging a… 
thank you to everyone who has joined my talented team of caseworkers at open office hours this week! check out the… 
today is world teachers' day! thank you to all of our hardworking teachers, staff, and administrators that work tir… 
last night i celebrated the reopening of de soto high school’s football field after the  flooding. my office wo… 
i was honored to speak at the groundbreaking of la crosse's all abilities trane park yesterday. this park will be f… 
staff from my office will be holding open office hours next week! these open office hours allow my dedicated casewo… 
 : more than / of all #medicare enrollees choose #medicareadvantage for quality, affordability &amp; ease. but they are missing even…
exciting news for the northside of la crosse! this grant will help make important improvements to la crosse’s water… 
great to speak to fellow wildlife enthusiasts, environmentalists, and sportsmen (and this screech owl) about the im… 
today, i met with ustr lighthizer and urged him to not leave wisconsin's dairy farmers behind in nafta renegotiatio… 
now is go time to #savelwcf. the clock will run out on this important program in less than a week!  to help save… 
icymi: my office is accepting applications from high school students interested in attending one of the nation’s fo… 
nobody wins in a trade war.  yesterday in stevens point, i heard from more farmers, manufacturers, and small busine… 
my thoughts are with everyone impacted in this morning's tragic shooting in middleton. thank you to our law enforce… 
had a great time talking to students at pj jacobs junior high school in stevens point about my work representing wi… 
today i called on gov. walker and ag schimel to withdraw from the texas v. azar lawsuit, which would take away heal… 
it’s important wisconsinites get the flooding relief needed before resources are spread thin by hurricane florence.… 
september ,  is a day that forever changed our country. today, we remember the thousands of innocent lives lo… 
september is suicide prevention awareness month, and today we observe #worldsuicidepreventionday. over  wisconsi… 
great to be back at my alma mater to cheer on our logan middle students as they head back to school today! wishing… 
can't stress this enough: if you've had flooding in your home, it's vital you call  to report the damage. you ca… 
the damage from last night’s flash floods is devastating. if you have been impacted, it’s important to document all… 
my office can help after flooding and severe weather. if you or someone you know is looking for help or has questio… 
replacing la crosse’s aging city buses with clean transportation will save money for taxpayers while also moving us… 
tawni and i are saddened to hear that senator mccain passed this weekend. john was a true statesman, and served his… 
had a great conversation last week with folks at the tomah journal. we discussed the importance of protecting socia… 
congrats to  on this exciting  grant! looking forward to wisconsin students getting more training and… 
this week, i've held listening sessions on the path forward in protecting wisconsin's rural economy. wi farmers, wo… 
tariffs and trade wars aren't helping wisconsin farms, businesses or manufacturers. we need to start working togeth… 
today, we celebrate  years of medicare and medicaid. these important programs have helped millions of american se… 
our service members returning home from duty &amp; our veterans often find it hard to find work – especially in rural p… 
wisconsin farmers and businesses are being forced to come to washington on bended knee, begging for exclusions from… 
i am calling on governor scott walker to put wisconsinites first by filling the vacant positions at the wisconsin e… 
wi farmers aren’t looking for government hand-outs - they just want market access and the opportunity to compete. t… 
trout fest is this weekend in coon valley! it's a great opportunity to inspire the next generation of anglers. 
on this day in , history was made when neil armstrong and buzz aldrin walked on the moon. check out nasa's arch… 
wisconsin's economy is being hit hard by the president's trade war. today, i called for congress to step up &amp; take… 
today, i called on secretary mnuchin and the irs to reverse this foolish decision and protect the transparency that… 
i hope congressional leadership gets serious about shedding light on the extreme waste &amp; inefficiencies in the crop… 
i have long called for accurate dairy labeling, and am a proud cosponsor of the dairy pride act. i'm happy to see t… 
wisconsin farmers, workers and families are paying the price for the #trumptradewar. we need to work together to ad… 
if you are a medicare beneficiary and live in wi, be sure to keep an eye out for your new medicare card. to help pr… 
today, i cosponsored the opioid &amp; heroin abuse crisis investment act, which will extend resources for drug abuse pr… 
we all agreed that prevention is key, yet many of our communities are facing limited or expiring deadlines for gran… 
earlier this week, i met with healthcare professionals, law enforcement officials, and community leaders in eau cla… 
great to join the morning show on  this a.m. we talked about the importance of protecting the mississippi river… 
my office is now accepting applications for our national service academies. i'm always impressed by the motivated y… 
combatting the drug epidemic in wisconsin is an all-hands-on-deck moment. now more than ever, it's clear that in or… 
today, i met w/ eau claire-area community leaders that are working tirelessly to help break the cycle of addiction… 
clearly, this hurts an important part of wisconsin's economy. it’s time that washington stops this trade war and st… 
according to the , over , jobs are supported in wisconsin’s third congressional district by the b… 
our breweries are an important part of the wisconsin heritage and economy. today, i toured the la crosse city brewe… 
the mississippi river shapes our environment, culture and our local economy. we need to take proactive steps to pro… 
be sure to follow along on instagram!  i'll keep you updated on what i'm working on, and share some great photos of… 
it was great to welcome hannah butts, winner of our district's congressional art competition, to the capitol this w… 
the irony of president trump coming to wisconsin to praise foxconn - a taiwanese company that has required billions… 
it's going to be a hot weekend across western and central wisconsin. be sure to stay cool and drink plenty of water… 
 states still lack discrimination protections for lgbtq americans, proving that the fight for equality is far fro… 
now more than ever, america needs to give respect and decency a shot. this week, try having a beer with a neighbor… 
five years ago, the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in its shelby county v. holder decision, but there i… 
the farm bill that passed today lavishes millions of dollars of taxpayer subsidies on big agribusinesses &amp; cuts vit… 
no question that our immigration system is broken &amp; in need of repair, but separating families is wrong. it has nev… 
the keystone of our democracy is holding the power to choose our representatives - not the other way around. the u.… 
"instead of a go-it-alone approach, the united states should work with our allies to create a comprehensive strateg… 
today, i celebrated #flagday with the family of bob garber, from prescott. i am honored to present this flag to his… 
today, the oldest branch of the u.s. military turns .  happy birthday , and thank you to all of our servi… 
icymi: "their policy and their strategy shifts from minute to minute and it creates a lot of uncertainty out there,… 
as a lifelong wisconsinite, i know that one of the most important bills for growing our local economy and supportin… 
if you have ideas about how congress or the #climatesolutionscaucus can help with the conservation effort, don’t he… 
these tariffs are a direct response to the president’s short-sighted trade decisions. it’s time that we stop treati… 
there are no winners in trade wars — only losers. the impacts on american manufacturers and the retribution exacted… 
happy pride month to all of the lgbtq people &amp; allies in western and central wisconsin. proud to fight for equality… 
everyone loses in a trade war. this news is only the beginning of an unnecessary and costly conflict with our close… 
happy dairy month to everyone in wisconsin, and thank you to our hardworking dairy farmers and farm families! you m… 
whether we’re canoeing on the kickapoo or sitting in a tree-stand, tawni &amp; i have always loved getting outside with… 
the consequences of this shortsighted decision will be widespread across wi, and will immediately threaten jobs in… 
one of my favorite summer traditions is driving across wisconsin with my family to local county dairy breakfasts. c… 
my office is looking for a wounded warrior or medically retired veteran for a paid fellowship position in my la cro… 
great to see college/business partnerships, like mason's internship opportunity he had at  and… 
's statement on the  farm bill: 
 : . understands that hardworking families need a bill that supports farmers. instead the #gopfarmbill just atta…
i have never seen a worse farm bill than what’s being debated in the house today. this isn’t what our farmers need,… 
this #farmbill is our chance to fix what’s not working for our farmers, not funnel more giveaways to millionaires &amp;… 
this week, the house rules committee voted to block my money-saving, bipartisan amendments to the farm bill. this i… 
i have traveled across wisconsin to meet with our farmers, and hear the same thing over and over: now, more than ev… 
as a lifelong wisconsinite, i know that one of the most important bills for growing our local economy &amp; supporting… 
on #idahot -  and every day -  i'm proud to stand up against hate and celebrate diversity. 
we need to come together and demand a better farm bill that works for wisconsin farmers, families, and communities.… 
wisconsin small businesses, schools and families depend on a free and open internet. senate democrats are moving on… 
it's always an honor to meet and thank our area veterans as they depart on a freedom honor flight. i wish michael,… 
this week i've been in wisconsin &amp; meeting with farmers about what they want to see changed in the upcoming farm bi… 
after a great listening session at the  in wisconsin rapids, i got the chance to see the largest so… 
thank you to everyone who joined me for last night's telephone town hall meeting! if you didn't get the chance to a… 
with president macron of france at a joint session of congress as we reaffirm our historical friendship and allianc… 
neighbors day is a great opportunity to help those in need. if you're near la crosse, sign up to help! 
as my colleagues on the ag committee celebrate earth day this weekend, i hope they consider the damaging effect eli… 
national park week is coming up! #findyourpark april  through april , and enjoy a fee-free day on saturday, apr… 
today is #worldhemophiliaday. help spread the word to raise awareness for those living with #hemophilia, a rare blo… 
we need to set our military members and their families up for success, and provide every possible resource to them… 
happy national library week! what's your favorite library in western or central wisconsin? #nationallibraryweek
thanks to everyone who braved the cold weather this morning and joined me at my trempealeau county listening sessio… 
always enjoy talking with brian winnekins over at  in durand. thanks for having me on! 
had a great conversation this morning with bob bosold at waxx in eau claire. we talked about the upcoming farm bill… 
this year, i am proud to announce that my office was able to return $,. to pay down the national debt! in t… 
a little snow is nothing for a wisconsin office!  proud to report team kind is working through #winterstormtoby, an… 
happy national ag day!  the agriculture industry contributes $. billion annually to wisconsin's economy, and pro… 
this week, team kind cheered on jessika greendeer as she was sworn in as the new post commander for the american le… 
had a great telephone town hall yesterday with folks from across western and central wisconsin. we talked about eve… 
thank you to everyone that came to my listening session in sparta this past weekend. i always appreciate hearing ab… 
eau claire’s busy and constantly expanding downtown is a magnet for small businesses, tourism, and outdoor recreati… 
today and every day, we celebrate the trailblazing women that make our communities stronger and more inclusive. hap… 
great to meet with the ibew local  folks in fall creek and get a tour the training center! 
now more than ever, it's important to protect the beautiful land and water we have in western and central wisconsin… 
wisconsin small businesses, schools and families depend on a free and open internet. today, i introduced a resoluti… 
it’s great to see coulee region companies take the time to inspire and teach our future engineers and designers. re… 
what the world needs now is more bipartisanship! always enjoy working across the aisle to get things done for wisco… 
looking forward to cheering on western wisconsin's matt antoine () and ben loomis () - and al… 
i was proud to sponsor a resolution that overrides the fcc and protects net neutrality rules. 
i am excited to have my friend, john fritz, from monroe county join me for the state of the union tonight. john is… 
reminder: the 's  census of agriculture deadline is february . back in , wisconsin had an % respons… 
i work for you. my offices remain open and here to help wisconsinites navigate how the #shutdown impacts them.  
time to stop the blame game that is taking place and focus on passing a bipartisan full-year budget.
we must work together to pass a bipartisan year-long budget and reopen the government immediately.
shameful and unacceptable that a nation as great as ours has failed in the basic task of funding our government for a full year.
with #shutdown hours away, i am calling on the potus to ensure that our military &amp; va have the resources they need… 
embarrassing that a nation as great as ours has resorted to funding our government for only weeks at a time. this i… 
it is shameful that our president chooses to act beneath the dignity and respect of his office by belittling those… 
another cold day out there in western and central wisconsin.  as the winter months continue, i will keep working wi… 
thanks to adileen for being an excellent representative to wisconsin students. it was great to meet with you!… 
 : .'s unpopular rollbacks of utah national monuments were awful and have national implications. check out this…
after getting a christmas gift in the form of a tax giveaway it seems like wells fargo is trying to pull the wool o… 
had a great time skyping with the th grade class at amherst middle school. i always enjoy talking to the next gene… 
just voted against the #taxbill. this bill will increase taxes on millions of americans, add $ trillion in debt an… 
this is a bill that was drafted of, for, and by the powerful special interests in washington, and it should be reje… 
getting ready to speak on the house floor about the tax bill, which is scheduled for a vote today. i can't say it e… 
today is the last day to #getcovered! visit , or call --- to sign up.
today’s decision by the  is simply unacceptable, which is why i am calling for bipartisan congressional action… 
i am calling on the  to not repeal #netneutrality &amp; continue to protect wisconsinite’s access to the tools and… 
without a free and open internet, your ability to connect with your friends, family, employers, and entertainment c… 
no matter where you live or how much you make, the internet should be accessible and open to you.  that’s why i hav… 
game on! we are going to the superbowl! #gopackgo 
exciting night! roll tide 
happy hanukkah! i hope the next eight nights fill your home with happiness and light! 
as if the major cost to hardworking wisconsinites wasn't enough, gov. walker's new foxconn plant could destroy the… 
my thoughts are with everyone in the nyc area today. grateful for all of the law enforcement and first responders f… 
on wpr this week, i'll be discussing open enrollment, and the potential negative impacts of the new tax plan on wis… 
wisconsinites: don't wait until december th. visit  to enroll today! 
as co-chair of the national parks caucus, i firmly believe that we need to be protecting our #monumentsforall 
today, the senate may pass a tax bill that effects every american without reviewing the impact it will have on our economy. unacceptable!
chronic wasting disease has the potential to devastate deer herds, and it is time we bring hunters, scientists, and… 
with my good friend &amp; america’s best story teller, , . thanked him for his support of my v… 
more concerning news keeps coming out about foxconn: 
today is national rural health day. thank you to all of the doctors, nurses and healthcare providers that help keep… 
given the news that foxconn's profits dropped almost % from this time last year i am not sure that a  year $ b… 
#goptaxplan sticks our children and grandchildren with $. trillion in debt while giving tax breaks to powerful sp… 
there is no question that our current tax code is in need of reform. however, i believe that the current… 
instead of a president who goes to china and praises them for “leaving america behind”, i want to work with a presi… 
outrageous! the nonpartisan tax policy center found that the #goptaxbill would raise the taxes of  million americ… 
reminder to our vets: please join me at my veterans town halls in la crosse &amp; eau claire this friday. learn more he… 
the johnson amendment repeal included in the #goptaxplan could create a civil war in the pews. it would lead to the… 
day  of the #goptaxbill markup.  i'm ready to continue to fight for hardworking wisconsinites. we deserve a bill t… 
we need to protect the work opportunity tax credit, &amp; commit to helping our veterans find a good job after they ret… 
watch live as i fight to hold powerful special interests to the same standard as hardworking wisconsinites: 
reminder to our vets: please join me at my veterans town halls in la crosse &amp; eau claire /. learn more here:… 
who benefits from #goptaxbill?  wealthiest americans &amp; corporations. who gets the bill? middle-class families, small biz, future generations
who loses under the #goptaxbill? middle-class wisconsin families - while the wealthiest americans and corporations get a tax break.
i stand ready &amp; willing to fix our broken tax system - but not  the cost of hard working wisconsinites. watch here: 
wisconsinites: today is the first day of the open enrollment period, visit  and #getcovered! 
i hope you can join me at my veterans town halls in la crosse and eau claire on friday, nov. . learn more here:… 
we stand with the people of nyc following today's horrific terror attack. my thoughts &amp; prayers are w. families, victims, &amp; first responders
wisconsinites: open enrollment starts tomorrow. don't wait until the last minute. visit  and #getcovered!
proud that in the current congress i am ranked nd out of all  members when it comes to independence. 
wisconsinites: open enrollment is soon: nov  - dec th. make sure you have everything you need to #getcovered: 
this week the dr. chris kirkpatrick whistleblower protection act passed the house w/ bipartisan support. learn more: 
happy #nationalcomingoutday to all of the lgbtq people &amp; allies in western and central wi. proud to protect your right to be you!
on #worldteachersday we thank those that inspire and educate our next generation of wisconsinites.  thank you teachers - we appreciate you!
a reminder that america needs to continue funding stem education &amp; supporting innovation, 
as we wake to the horrific news of the mass shooting in las vegas our prayers are with the victims, families, and law enforcement officials
 : "if you can't treat someone with dignity and respect--then you need to get out."-lt. gen. jay b. silveria, superintendent …
no better way to start your oktoberfest weekend than the slicing of the golden brat! hope everyone has a safe and f… 
welcome back! your strength and courage serves as an inspiration to all. 
i hope congressional republicans are willing to work together to make our tax system simpler, more competitive, and fair for all.
last thing wi needs is a plan that gives massive tax cuts to wealthy special interests while sticking our kids &amp; grandchildren with the bill
i agree with . it is time we work together through regular order to recognize what works in health care &amp; fix what doesn’t.
thanks to  &amp;  for showcasing great manufacturing work in the chippewa valley. wi is working hard &amp;… 
wi expects people to work together to solve problems.  &amp; i are working to find bipartisan solutions: 
we will #neverforget those we lost  years ago and the brave men and women who risked their lives to keep our nati… 
congress needs to take bipartisan action to fix our broken immigration system and make us a stronger and more competitive economy.
they contribute to our local communities and know only one country: america.
many #dreamers whose families &amp; careers are hurt by trump admin decision are service members, small biz owners, teachers, doctors &amp; students fact: democrats want to improve how the affordable care act works for american families — bringing down the cost of… 
after voting to take away protections for people with pre-existing conditions in their awful trumpcare bill, republ… 
deeply saddened to learn of the passing of lodi gyari who dedicated his life to fighting for the rights of the peop… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
proud of our community. it’s up to each of us to come together and speak out against hate and intolerance in all it… 
low unemployment numbers don't tell the full story. far too many families are working hard, but still struggling to… 
#redsox are #worldseries champions once again! congrats to the best team in baseball!! 
sky-high corporate profits while the rest of america struggles to get by. 's tax cuts were a huge g… 
 : exciting day for the entire region as we open the blackstone heritage corridor visitor center and blackstone gateway pa…
the #cultureofcorruption in the trump administration is truly staggering. it's time to hold this administration acc… 
i’m heartbroken for everyone affected by this horrific act of hate. sending love &amp; prayers to pittsburgh and the en… 
trump can lie all he wants about pre-existing conditions. he's lied from the very beginning. but the american peopl… 
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
diminishing an act of terror for political gain is offensive. we are all americans, mr. president. start acting lik… 
i stopped by to learn more about their work to ensure that #madeinamerica doesn't become a thing of the past! 
in recent years, they have invested millions in new machinery and upgrades to ensure modern capabilities, innovatio… 
in #northbrookfield,  is continuing a + year legacy of manufacturing high-quality products here in centra… 
thankful to  ceo tom glynn for all he's done to revitalize . grateful to be part of such an i… 
 : opening of the blackstone heritage corridor visitor center &amp; blackstone gateway park is this sat / - rain or shine.…
 : at our #leominster campus language cafe today  met with our #esl students to listen to their concerns and l…
thankful to our first responders for their swift action today. the hate &amp; anger filling our political discourse has… 
read more about my bill here: 
congress is ready to act. this week i introduced bipartisan legislation to cut off all arms sales &amp; military aid to… 
news: i've introduced bipartisan legislation to prohibit all weapons sales and military aid to the government of… 
thank you for having me! 
over , children are vaccinated each year to #endpolio &amp; we are closer than ever before to eradicating this di… 
 : after passing a massive #goptaxscam for the rich, trump and  are now offering make-believe tax cuts for the midd…
to every trans american: you are valued. we will fight alongside you. you #wontbeerased. and we will fight every at… 
must-read story: lisa &amp; i are good friends with david &amp; kathy. like mr. rogers used to say, “look for the helpers.… 
 : today  and i introduced legislation to make it easier for the house of representatives to halt arms sales by allow…
congrats !! let’s win this!!#dodamage 
this president cannot help himself. he is a liar, plain and simple. more and more people are realizing this and are… 
please read #jamalkhashoggi‘s final column about protecting freedom of the press and standing up to bullies &amp; dicta… 
 :  : “people who are hungry don’t fit a stereotype. it’s not just the homeless and jobless, it’s people who are…
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
 : “people who are hungry don’t fit a stereotype. it’s not just the homeless and the jobless, it’s people who are working." h…
icymi: read about my bipartisan bill w/     … 
couldn’t be more proud to stand for #lgbtq equality &amp; receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard! visit… 
when it comes to educating our students, a nutritious meal is just as important as a textbook. so grateful to… 
 : thank you  for a productive mtg with  and the nutriton education working group at harvard talking…
 : “people who are hungry don’t fit a stereotype. it’s not just the homeless and the jobless, it’s people who are working,…
#news: i have officially introduced legislation in the house to ban all military sales &amp; aid to #saudiarabia unless… 
 : "there are hundreds of millions of people around the world who still wonder where their next meal will come from...ther…
 : why food and nutrition programs actually save us money! catch  and  chef todd gray on tomorrow’s…
 : press release: tlhrc co-chairs  and  urge president trump to include human rights in #northkorea…
 : we are having a great time here at shrewsbury high school! these colonials got to chat w/  &amp;  - wha…
 : icymi, an interesting reflection on the u.s.-#china relationship and where the reciprocal access to #tibet act fits. the…
 : thanks to        …
 : in the u.s. % of our food goes to waste yet m americans don’t have enough to eat. i've joined  (d-ma),…
 : this morning,  and  met to discuss some of the college’s new academic programs (nursing, cyb…
 : "the majority of people on snap aren't even expected to work, because they're children, senior citizens or disabled." gra…
donald trump doesn’t want you to see this chart.  to spread the truth: his tax cuts were a huge giveaway to those… 
tomorrow, the vatican will officially canonize archbishop oscar #romero.   i still remember learning about his murd… 
 : un human rights experts are urging #saudiarabia to immediately and unconditionally release all women human rights defend…
#news: next week, i am introducing legislation to prohibit u.s. military aid or sales to the government of… 
congratulations, ! emmy is so very lucky to have you &amp; liz as parents. from one dad to another — get re… 
donald trump is a pathological liar. he can keep writing op-eds to lie about his record. we’ll keep fighting… 
second, the trump administration has:    ) refused to take action to lower prescription drug prices.  )sabotaged… 
first, democrats don’t want open borders. that is a lie. democrats believe we don’t have to choose between strong b… 
u.s. resident #jamalkhashoggi has disappeared from a saudi consulate. russian agents poisoned british citizens on t… 
air pollution is shortening lives, and the #toxictrump admin is only making it worse by increasing emissions of tox… 
 : we need to stop stalling and immediately get serious about clean energy solutions. our future depends on it. …
the  &amp; #toxictrump have abandoned any progress on stopping #climatechange so they can prop up polluters. w… 
thanks for showing me around  — so grateful for all you do to keep us safe! 
this is a sad day. the #kavanaugh vote today is so profoundly wrong. i don’t believe it reflects what the majority… 
icymi: on wednesday, a federal judge put on hold 's plans to end #tps for haiti, el salvador, nicar… 
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
 :  we can end hunger and poverty. these are political conditions . we must fight! raise federal minimum wage…
have thoughts about the redesign of kelley square? attend 's workshop next wednesday! more info: 
great news: #ware #massachusetts was chosen to participate in a pilot program to help municipal employees quickly r… 
 : addp members visiting with rep jim mcgoven  on issues including the federal heads up act, the re-authorization of…
just saw that  is now mocking dr. blasey ford at his rally in mississippi. this is completely beyon… 
for too long, we've looked at #hunger &amp; #healthcare as separate issues. but when families don’t have access to nutr… 
 : one year ago today, a gunman opened fire on a crowd of people at the route  harvest festival in las vegas, killing  peo…
 : "ending #hunger should not be a partisan issue" -  #chwat 
 : excited to share that  has been awarded the inaugural children's healthwatch champion award! …
discussing how vitally important it is to share our stories &amp; put a face to issues like #hunger &amp; food insecurity. 
celebrating  years of  &amp; all their hard work to improve the health &amp; well being of children! 
this is a big deal!! we have standing to sue  for his violations of the constitution’s foreign emol… 
 : if you care about issues like #gunsafety, #education then you should care that  passed their st closed rule…
we can no longer afford to look at hunger &amp; healthcare as separate issues. so earlier this year, i joined w/ my col… 
today: i joined  &amp;  other members of the house &amp; senate calling on  to counter guatemalan… 
 :  dalmatians may be cute, but shutting down debate  times is not. it's ugly, &amp; results in cruel policies. …
while republicans prepare to pass their #taxscam ., we're fighting to protect the #mueller investigation:  
#breaking: i joined  members of congress led by  calling for an immediate postponement of… 
it deeply saddens me that dr. ford has to sit before the senate judiciary committee &amp; relive a deeply personal trau… 
 : “the actions of the saudi-led coalition in yemen are fast-approaching the level of crimes against humanity,” said …
 hi robin, you can read the full text of the bill which explains that process here: 
 : by passing 's reciprocal access to #tibet act, congress is sending a clear signal to regime in #beijing that u…
 : . tax scam . will add $. trillion to the deficit, but you won’t see its cost on the budget scorecard. they…
 : "cbo found recently that congressional republicans and the trump administration have blown a $ billion hole in the f…
the th annual  in #worcester is on sunday! look forward to joining in support of the great impact… 
 : thanks ⁦⁩ for talking about safety and infrastructure! #rocksbuildamerica 
grateful for the leadership of so many colleagues who worked together to pass the reciprocal access to tibet act la… 
 : “we can no longer look at food and healthcare as separate issues.” -  addressing the #fimcsymposium #food…
 : always inspiring to hear from  about how to solve hunger problems here in the u.s. thank you for dedication! #f…
 : thank you to  for joining us at #fimcsymposium. thank you for all the work you do and continue to do for th…
 : we are so grateful for the #foodismedicine leadership that  brings to the house. thank you for addressing t…
 : we are grateful to  for joining us at #fimcsymposium this morning and for his leadership in the congress…
thank you for your leadship on this, senator! 
 : great to manage floor time for democrats as we passed the bipartisan reciprocal #accesstotibet act. we sent a clear message…
 : “today is a great day for human rights. the united states must continue to stand squarely for human rights and speak open…
america’s foreign policy ought to send the message that we value human rights. learn more about my reciprocal acces… 
big #news: the house of representatives just passed bipartisan legislation i introduced that moves us closer to hol… 
#lwcf is about to expire for the second time on the ’s watch. it’s sad they’re too busy trying to pass the… 
reauthorizing the land &amp; water conservation fund is a no brainer: it costs taxpayers nothing, protects our treasure… 
 : there’s no excuse for allowing #lwcf to expire in  days. republicans love to talk about how they support protecting our #publi…
gop voter suppression tactics are keeping americans from exercising their basic right to vote. on this… 
today on #nationallobsterday, we remember &amp; celebrate #massachusetts entrepreneur james knott sr. he founded riverd… 
 : ed daly receives congressional gold medal from   recognizing mr. daly's world war ii service…
news: in a few minutes i will be presenting ed daly of #shrewsbury w/ the congressional gold medal -- the highest c… 
  proud to be with you, senator!
working families need a congress that stands in solidarity with them. they deserve a government that's of, by, and… 
 : earlier this year, tlhrc co-chairs  and  discussed bipartisan approaches to human rights and pea…
republicans’ tax . plan is more of the same failed policy from their first #goptaxscam.  winners = wealthy gop do… 
thanks for all you do to #endhungernow, ! 
today on the #internationaldayofpeace let's remember the words of archbishop oscar romero &amp; commit ourselves to bui… 
now the gop is fighting to make their awful #goptaxscam giveaways permanent. that’s tens of billions in tax breaks… 
#news: i'm proud to join + colleagues demanding an end to the trump administration's attacks on the… 
it's pretty simple.    are fighting #forthepeople.  the gop is fighting for their donors' luxury jet… 
"give me clean, beautiful and healthy air." – donald trump,  
the trump administration's shameful response to #hurricanemaria led to nearly , lives lost. we owe it to them &amp;… 
one year ago today, #hurricanemaria hit #puertorico &amp; the #usvi.   in july, i surveyed the damage &amp; recovery effort… 
it would take a degree from trump university to think  is "draining the swamp." but don't take my w… 
#news:  co-chair  &amp; i issued the following statement in response to the trump administrat… 
video:  joe early &amp; i hosted a round-table in discussion at  in shrewsbury yesterday on op… 
icymi: i answered a few of the 's of letters, phone calls &amp; emails sent in every week by residents of #ma. we… 
thank you for hosting us today! 
great news: the #blackstonevalley educational hub is up &amp; running. will be a huge boost for students looking to bui… 
/ this means: ✅ensuring any vet who wants treatment can get the help they need. ✅pinpointing gaps in assistance fo… 
/ veterans are x as likely to die from an accidental #opiate #overdose. on the battlefield, they pledge to leave… 
/ news:  joe early &amp; i just hosted a discussion on opiate addiction among #veterans. 
 : .  and  hosting a round table discussion on veterans and opiate addiction. they’re discussing t…
this #constitutionday i'm proud to join my colleagues on a bipartisan letter to tell   that h… 
 : so exciting to celebrate the worcester red sox and their future home , and look out at all the families + kids…
#massachusetts students are among the best &amp; brightest in the world -- always grateful for an opportunity to learn… 
 : great morning with  at uhs. thanks for taking the  time to visit with us.  #spartanpride htt…
proud to fight alongside you, ilyse -- every single person deserves a chance to live up to their god-given potentia… 
thinking of everyone in the path of #hurricaneflorence this morning. please stay safe &amp; follow the directions of fi… 
 : #florencenc safety tips: - stay indoors. do not venture out during the storm. - do not drive or walk through stagnant or m…
 : words can't express the amount of gratitude we all have for our first responders across new england, rushing in to help those imp…
thankful for all our first responders working hard right now to protect families &amp; property in lawrence, andover, a… 
thank you  for all you do to help veterans in need. so glad we secured another $m in this year’s… 
the june th decision by ag sessions prevents victims of violence in some of the world’s most dangerous countries… 
families in countries like el salvador, honduras, and guatemala are told that if they don’t relinquish their sons t… 
background: seeking asylum is a lawful act. the rights of asylum seekers are enshrined in u.s. and international la… 
news: , ,  &amp; i are leading   calling on attorney general se… 
 : we need to make sure that govt works better #forthepeople it serves.  a dem majority would look to members for new ideas on…
i'm a proud democrat. but i put my country before party — and if a democratic president were behaving like… 
thank you  &amp; . proud to work together to ensure that every american has a voice in shapin… 
 : join the city of #worcester for a grand &amp; glorious civic celebration on the worcester common on mon /. open to the g…
bragging about the “great job” you did in puerto rico is unbelievably offensive. nearly , people died &amp; all you… 
 :  in  #westernma residents are experiencing food insecurity. thank you to the   for your leaders…
stories of hunger defy assumptions &amp; stereotypes. visit  to hear the stories of real people… 
we will never forget those we lost  years ago on september , .  we will always remember the courage of the… 
 : there's only  legislative days before the government runs out of money. yet,  says a rd government shutdown wou…
 : thanks to members of the #coalitiontoendhunger,      and…
 : we’re happy to welcome  and  to  anti-hunger campaign kick-off. “we need to raise…
 : this is woodward and bernstein. nixon called them the enemy. they proved that no president is above the law. #nottheenemy…
great news not just for #india &amp; #lgbtq equality, but for the cause of #humanrights around the globe! 
 : thanks to the republican majority, this congress is the #mostclosedcongress in history. something has to change. that’s…
children. shouldn't. be. in. cages.   if this were really about immigrants complying w/ the law,  w… 
#forthepeople 
congress should pass our war powers resolution immediately. we must take action to end u.s. participation in this c… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
we're grateful for your advocacy, madeline! #protectsnap 
 : "hunger is a political condition." indeed! thank you  for pushing for more political will to make sure all hous…
 : "you'd think with all the partisan bickering in the country, reducing hunger might be something we all could agree on. but…
thank you for having me! 
trump is not fit to be president. 
the trump administration &amp;  are coming after protections for americans with pre-existing conditions. again… 
 : buried in the horrible #farmbill, republicans are sneaking in provisions allowing industrial logging in pristine califor…
 : thank you  for voicing your opposition today to the inclusion of anti-environmental riders in the #farmbill, like the…
shame on republicans for (once again) attacking the health care of the . million massachusetts residents that hav… 
 : not one of the constituents ranking member  spoke with during the district work period mentioned the bills…
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
 : today, i am meeting with the #farmbill conference committee. if the  bill becomes law, over  million americans woul…
"instead of shredding our safety net like the  #farmbill, let’s work together for the sake of the americ… 
 : . says that "shameful cuts to snap betray the values of the american people."   the house farm bill is bad policy…
watch live: i'm meeting w/ #farmbill conferees. the  bill would cut snap benefits &amp; reduce or eliminate… 
 :  percent of american voters don’t want to see roe v. wade overturned, but that's exactly what donald trump has said shoul…
the #goptaxscam = a massive windfall for big banks that hangs hardworking families out to dry.  won'… 
 : “for the sake of bringing some integrity back to the institution, we need to do things differently,” ranking member …
 thank you, sally -- i completely agree!
. holding #kavanaugh hearing after dumping , documents last night is absurd &amp; unacceptable.… 
headline says it all. the #goptaxscam was a huge win for wall street at the expense of hard-working american famili… 
/ "...we know what happens when our snap benefits have run out for the month, and the pay check is still days away… 
/ "...imagine how terrifying that is for a child. you cannot create the illusion of food by rearranging boxes and… 
/ powerful words on the #farmbill in today's  from  #endhungernow advocates diane su… 
#worcester is on the move! i’m proud of the federal funding secured for this project, and thankful for our team of… 
words matter. the hatred &amp; anger that  is stirring up against the #freepress is endangering our cou… 
an overwhelming majority of americans support #netneutrality. we must continue to fight for a free &amp; open internet! 
our economy isn’t working the way it should. incomes &amp; wages aren’t keeping up with the cost of living.… 
as marchers in #honduras mobilize to commemorate #internationaldayofthedisappeared, i call on the government of… 
very concerned about threats &amp; apparent defamation campaign against padre melo in #honduras in advance of aug.  m… 
last week on #farmtour i had the chance to visit luther belden farm in #hatfield. happy to report that i am now… 
president trump has said that women should face “punishment” for exercising their constitutional right to abortion.… 
americans deserve a congress that works #forthepeople. that's why  are fighting to: ✔️get big money… 
the official death toll from #hurricanemaria has now increased to nearly , people. president trump must own up… 
exciting news for #worcester &amp; our entire region! strong partnerships at the local, state &amp; federal level = investm…  proverbs says ‘the tongue has the power of life &amp; death, and those who love it will eat its fruit.’  our words matt… 
social security is not an entitlement — it’s a program you’ve paid for. i’m in #garfield to discuss the social secu… 
gun violence threatens every child in america. but even now republicans block the  from studying the impacts… 
as   and i told our brothers and sisters at tonight’s #squirellhill memorial service in… 
i am humbled to be named legislator of the year by . men &amp; women in uniform are the backbone of america. i wi… 
last year i interviewed daryl johnson, the analyst whose report on right-wing extremists was withdrawn by dhs after… 
the threat is becoming more urgent. just last month, an  study found that nearly two-thirds of terror attacks in… 
the danger of right-wing extremism is not new. many of us demanded dhs highlight the threat in . 
last week, i led  of my colleagues urging the the us trade rep to create an open process for us companies to appl… 
i spoke tonight at a beautiful service in #paramus for the victims of yesterday’s terrorist attack. we stand as one… 
this terrorist was consumed w/ anti-semitic conspiracy theories and deranged hatred of , a jewish char… 
i am devastated at the loss of life in pittsburgh. anti-semitism is a cancer on humanity and the oldest form of hat… 
the #goptaxscam was a declaration of war on new jersey by . republicans stole money out of the hands of mi… 
never forget: republicans voted to: eliminate protections for preexisting conditions, wreck medicaid, and let insur… 
newsflash, newt: unlike , the supreme court is not trump’s bodyguard. the law is clear: congress can obtai… 
nielsen should spend a little less time fear-mongering on fox and a little more time securing trump’s phones. 
in , i was critical of napolitano for burying this report. since then, right-wing extremist violence has gotten… 
today  national groups including     have demanded congress obtain tru… 
trump is blaming our free press for these bombing attacks. his assaults of his critics and the media have stoked ha… 
this is a lie.  voted last year to abolish protections for preexisting conditions. republicans continue to… 
trump and  are promising a make-believe middle class tax break when they’re already set to ransack social… 
anyone who drives over #paterson's wayne ave bridge knows renovations are long-overdue. through a federally-funded… 
after passing a massive #goptaxscam for the rich, trump and  are now offering make-believe tax cuts for th… 
the traveling vietnam veterans wall  is a sacred place. last night vfw post  in #garfield hosted this extraordi… 
this report finds that nearly ,, americans would be impacted by cuts sought by republicans. where would yo… 
yet another investigation finds trump presided over an empire of frauds and deceptions. americans deserve sunlight,… 
i am proud to earn a perfect voting score from  for the third straight congress. i will stand for lgbtq equalit… 
yes.  calls seeking trump’s tax returns a “fishing expedition.” i call it doing our jobs. 
republicans stole from the middle class to pay off their donors with the #goptaxscam. now they want your medicare a… 
you should release your tax returns and prove it. how do you explain the saudis renting out whole floors of your ho… 
 million americans rely on #socialsecurity. we must protect this crucial program — not cut it. today i’m in… 
had a blast visiting with shops along #kearny avenue today. we talked about the great neighborhood, how to get smal… 
received a terrific tour of the  daniels processing &amp; distribution center in #kearny and got to meet members o… 
today’s cola announcement of .% is good news, but we need social security benefits to keep up with the rising cos… 
i’m delighted to earn a perfect % legislative score from . any decent society must stand against a… 
after donating $m to a fund supporting  and $m to the trump campaign, adelson reaped a $,, wi… 
.’s #taxscam gave their top donor a $m cut. but it wasn’t enough. trump then lobbied japan to further e… 
the diversity of flavors, cultures and communities this weekend at #paterson’s food truck festival reflects the vib… 
some people think trump is above the law. i’m not one of them. imagine what congress could uncover if  let… 
honored to attend today’s ribbon cutting for  in #englewood, a satellite of . public-priva… 
after losing dad’s support, trump went on a spending spree — where did that money come from? the only way to know i… 
last week the senate passed my alternatives to opioids bill which will be a game-changer in the fight against the o… 
more strong coverage from  on our continuing fight against the ticketmaster monopoly that gouges mil… 
i’ve written the justice department calling on it to investigate corruption in the live events ticket market. custo… 
with  today i introduced a resolution calling for october to become italian and italian-american heri… 
it never ceases to awe me. with  and fmr mayor pat kramer to see the new upgrades . stil… 
dave anderson sits alongside red smith, jimmy cannon and aj liebling as one of the greatest sportswriters ever. not… 
a true jersey guy. told he won the nobel prize at age , he shrugs and says he needs to get back to work.… 
this excellent column in the  today gets to the heart of the problem in congress:  won’t do any oversi… 
please join us tomorrow at am to celebrate the remarkable progress of paterson’s great falls historic park. detai… 
the  is acting on the intolerable pollution in the hackensack river &amp; berry's creek. now we must ensure that po… 
this is true.  has been a leader in demanding real oversight.  times we’ve tried to get the… 
as this tweet’s impressive ratio shows, doing our jobs and conducting actual oversight of corruption is not an abus… 
another shooting tragedy. i’m devastated for the law enforcement members who have been hurt. everyone have a good t… 
our bipartisan alto legislation now passed by congress will provide a new blueprint for hospitals in communities ac… 
. howls about fishing expeditions.  wrote nearly , words on trump’s lifetime of tax evasion and f… 
the art of the deal and the apprentice are malignant myths. i have led efforts to obtain trump’s tax returns, and… 
this stunning report paints a portrait of a man whose entire business life was built on his father’s money, skirtin… 
last year  and i urged  to act on the high pollution in the hackensack river &amp; berry’s creek here in… 
the dhs ig report is a national scandal. trump and nielsen lied about child detentions. and  continues to… 
investigating corruption is not an abuse of power; it’s our job. let’s see the trump tax returns.… 
terrific news: a judge is allowing our lawsuit against trump to proceed. as  refuses to do a hair of overs… 
.  and i have an op-ed on trump's war on refugees. america has been a beacon of light for… 
i just spoke out against the sequel #goptaxscam that  is jamming through today. the first one stunk, this… 
not surprisingly,  voted to bottle up my amendment from even being voted on. republicans voted, yet again,… 
i’ve offered an amendment to repeal ’s egregious cap on salt deductions. we’ll see shortly if republicans… 
spoiler alert:  never much cared about fiscal responsibility. 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday. voting is a great gift of democracy and the primary power you possess as a… 
delighted to celebrate  years of mexican independence at today’s flag raising ceremony in #passaic. wishing all… 
today is #nationalconcussionawarenessday. concussion is a brain injury that impacts millions of americans every yea… 
the #goptaxscam is an endless river of deceptions and broken promises by . 
here's  and 's full story on #ticketmaster shenanigans  
excellent reporting by  on #ticketmaster’s shady practices. fans have been fleeced and gouged for too long. con… 
america has long been a beacon for the most oppressed, the most downtrodden, the most persecuted. we cannot let tha… 
they sure did. #goptaxscam 
never forget:  is stealing money right out of middle class americans’ pockets to pay off their corporate d… 
i’ve joined  and  in calling on trump to apologize for his callous comments on the tragedy… 
to all of those celebrating #yomkippur, g’mar chatimah tovah. i wish you an easy, purposeful fast. 
the harm of trump’s unconscionable policies is felt by so many refugees fleeing war, famine, and ethnic cleansing.… 
while our government drowns in trump corruption,  looks the other way and does absolutely nothing.… 
the trump admin continues to show contempt for those most in need. at every turn, it has erected hurdles to clog th… 
today i joined   and my colleagues in demanding republicans block any attempts to allo… 
happy #constitutionday to the most successful governing document in human history. our wonderful compact consecrate… 
the republican party has no shame and no sense. the #goptaxscam and its sequel #taxscam are about as popular as ru… 
today kicks off #hispanicheritagemonth celebrations. for generations, latinas and latinos have brought achievement… 
fans have been fleeced by speculative ticket scammers for too long. the live events market is fraught w/fraud, chic… 
. has voted one more time to block disclosure of the trump tax returns. this feckless republican congress… 
members of  blocked my attempt to give middle class taxpayers relief from the #goptaxscam.   republicans a… 
after pushing through a tax scam less popular than police academy ,  is today trying to pass #taxscam. i… 
our hearing is now underway as  tries to jam through #taxscam to rob the middle class and enrich the top… 
trump’s ineptitude has caused suffering on a colossal scale. the leader of this country can’t even acknowledge the… 
tomorrow,  will attempt to jam through a second #goptaxscam. this is where the first one went.… 
this is suspicious, and the exact thing congress should be investigating if  had interest to do a hair of… 
in the middle of hurricane season, it’s a fitting symbol of this administration’s malice and priorities that trump… 
and  is about to jam through another tax cut for the %.     remember when  cared about deficits? spoi… 
and despite trump’s obscene claims this afternoon, , people perished in #puertorico, not the  the admin has l… 
with  and my colleagues, we have written to the trump admin on the growing fatality count in #puertorico… 
this morning we held services in #leonia, #secaucus, #lyndhurst, and #paterson. new jersey lost so many fathers, mo… 
#neverforget 
la lluvia couldn’t stop us from celebrating dominican pride! honored to attend today’s desfile dominicano with so m… 
l’shana tovah to my jewish friends in new jersey and across the world celebrating the start of the high holy days.… 
. stole a deduction used by middle class jerseyans to give millionaires more money. and now republicans ar… 
this speech is refreshing to watch. i miss having a leader that unites us with reason, compassion, and lucidity. 
. has made clear they’ll never impose trump to a whit of oversight. i’ll never drop this issue until we se… 
never forget: your taxpayer dollars go directly into trump’s own pocket with every round on the links at trump cour… 
under trump, bigotry has replaced benevolence, cruelty has replaced compassion. lying about people escaping war and… 
says the man who promised tax cuts for the rich would raise middle class wages. #goptaxscam 
the irs has further confirmed that the #goptaxscam is pummeling jersey’s middle class. ’s response? pass a… 
like clockwork, republicans today blocked our attempt to shine sunlight on trump’s chaotic policy-making. under… 
trump hasn’t worked an honest day in his life. he scammed union laborers who built his casinos. he doesn’t give a d… 
my colleagues and i object to the trump admin pursuing a new trade deal w/the philippines. the duterte regime conti… 
i have written a resolution of inquiry demanding answers on trump’s chaotic trade policies. it will be debated in c… 
in one week, trump:  * demanded doj only prosecute democrats * called for the first amendment to be curtailed  this… 
the shaming of mr. owens for working a good job in our district deserves every heap of scorn it’s gotten. there is… 
. is ‘full steam ahead’ to a permanent cap on a tax deduction long enjoyed by millions in nj. lower taxes… 
today i stood w/ and nj leaders demanding the trump admin stop dragging its feet on the #gateway tunnel.… 
our democracy remains the greatest gift left to us, preserved, pruned,  and protected by each generation. by their… 
the administration of justice in a democracy has one aim: preserving a rule of law against all hazards. trump think… 
rallying in #paterson today w/ , , and other officials to discuss #whatsatstake if bret… 
working men and women built this country with their bare hands. their hard work erected our cities, their dedicatio… 
despite trump’s bluster, he has no legal authority to unilaterally give another tax cut to millionaires and maralag… 
we have led  votes to get the #trumptaxreturns, all blocked by united . if given the chance you’re damn… 
hours after cheating millions of middle class workers, trump wants to send another kiss to the rich — unilaterally,… 
according to trump and , there’s money to lavish billions on the super rich, explode the deficit, and pay… 
i have filed a resolution of inquiry on this very issue. trump and wilbur ross need to rein in the chaos of their p… 
a shady international businessman, a raft of trump flunkies, and...   our former governor never got that cabinet sl… 
“you’re not going to find out whether this president put the united states in jeopardy bc of his financial dealings… 
“we shouldn’t be helping wall street take the last nickel out of the pocket of a struggling [ ] service member, and… 
a great writer described a squandered world as 'a thing which could not be put back. not be made right again.' to e… 
this is fascism in the flesh. this is the language of a fanatic that could be lifted from a tyrant's playbook. this… 
i’m one of them. americans are crying out for sensible gun reform to #stoptheviolence. devos’s answer is to flood o… 
i wrote a letter to  calling on them to end their deafening silence and assert congress’s role in t… 
this morning we convened our regular public safety meeting and got a chance to speak with #nj police, fire, and f… 
nafta is a trilateral agreement that includes canada. so today’s ballyhooed announcement notwithstanding, this is a… 
trump blocked construction on the fbi hq by his hotel, then used his power to quash an investigation. this is the t… 
rather than help students facing crushing debt, trump, devos, and mulvaney are siding with the shady lenders who de… 
i was delighted to be at the boys and girls club today w/mayor  to announce the huge $.m in community… 
in a  memo they detail all of the scandals and oversight they’ve ignored and covered up for two years. num… 
on #womensequalityday let’s celebrate the women who paved the way for our mothers and aunts, and support the women… 
a hero and a patriot. rest in peace senator mccain. thank you for your service. godspeed. 
this afternoon i spoke in #passaic on preserving social security &amp; medicare and combating identity fraud. we have f… 
veteran. senator. patriot. respect for john mccain goes beyond politics. he is an american hero. thank you… 
we have pushed to see trump’s tax returns from day one.  has stonewalled every single attempt. 
americans have a right to know if their president is a crook. seeing trump’s tax returns will help us determine if… 
today, i joined  of my colleagues in demanding trump’s new  head stop trying to roll back chemical safety sta… 
reckless and dangerous. last year it was guns in schools to ward off grizzly bears. now  wants to redi… 
trump's abuse of the pardon power remains a grave threat to the rule of law. manafort is a felon. absolving him to… 
“my philosophy is always to hire the best from the best.” page  of the art of the deal. 
all the king’s horses and all the king’s men couldn’t put trumpty dumpty together again. 
the epa is selling out american lives to serve trump’s donors. 
congratulations to paterson’s own . from an undrafted rookie to helping guide a super bowl run.… 
they’re not even bothering to hide the terms of the #goptaxscam anymore. explode the deficit to pay off the %, the… 
these numbers are shameful. america has long been a beacon for those fleeing turmoil and persecution. and it must b… 
otd  years ago, the right to vote was rightfully, and finally, extended to women through the #thamendment. as w… 
trump is now dealing straight from the despot’s playbook. his abuse of power knows no bounds. 
think about the lives ruined, tuitions lost, mortgages never made. almost every family still feels this pain.   we… 
what this says is that the richest country on earth has to do so much more to provide affordable coverage to every… 
anybody that disagrees with trump finds themselves on a hit list. john brennan is a patriot. his faith to america i… 
today i celebrated the rd korean independence day with our vibrant korean american community. our two nations enj… 
my colleagues and i have called on ice to immediately remove their new jersey spokesman for his ties to anti-muslim… 
signed into law otd  years ago, social security has endured because it remains a pillar for so many vulnerable am… 
. has voted over  times to eliminate the aca. last year they tried to sneak repeal in the dead of night.… 
racism is a cancer we must oppose with one voice. these young women have stood above their mistreatment with grace… 
summering at his private golf club, trump is filling his pockets with greed. he is using his office to do his own w… 
#cleanenergy initiatives become more important every day to leave a better world for our children. i thanked… 
we know the answer already. we knew it from the start. despite ’s lies, the #goptaxscam was written for th… 
this is a slap in the face to our veterans and their families. period. we should be protecting those who protect us… 
one year after the tragic events in charlottesville, americans must stand together today against the scourge of hat… 
a picture is worth a  words.  lied. but these numbers don’t lie. the #goptaxscam was designed to enric… 
this rule has blocked corrupt institutions from tricking ppl into pursuing worthless degrees. betsy devos refused t… 
this cdc report is a devastating chronicle of how opioids are tearing apart families. these are not just stats -- t… 
when i see this i think of the soldiers who have fought for america and may be forced out of this country. i think… 
this is a disgrace to the congress. our job is to provide oversight of the executive, to monitor the health and sta… 
repeal of #netneutrality is an affront to the american consumer. i signed the discharge petition to force a vote on… 
we have yet to learn the full scope of this tragedy. but americans deserve answers. i continue to support an indepe… 
i was delighted to attend the  shakostav prayer service this weekend to mark the th year of acharya swamishre… 
the only movie 's obamacare obsession resembles is night of the living dead. because like a zombie in a ch… 
the #vra is under sustained attack from those who want mass disenfranchisement and voter suppression. i support ful… 
on this day  years ago, the voting rights act became the law of the land. its passage was a blow to generations o… 
. has shown breathtaking dereliction every day in shielding trump's taxes. this will never be acceptable.… 
this is an excellent oped refuting some of the myths  has offered as a pretext for doing zero oversight of… 
. just opened a stem school to send kids to college. james is using his platform and his wealth to improv… 
loved welcoming the terrific athletes of #englewoodcliffs little league to congratulate them on winning the section… 
trump continues to flout the constitution in plain sight. while  looks the other way, ethics watchdogs are… 
the trump white house is now trying to scam people into junk plans to blow up the marketplace and cause premiums to… 
. told us their #taxscam would save regular folks a bundle. well, the gao just revealed that m americans… 
after  years as our preeminent interior corruption scandal, it looks like teapot dome may be displaced by zinke’s… 
we just wrapped up a terrific tele-#townhall. we had over , constituents participating and enjoyed some fantast… 
congratulations to the people of #puertorico and thank you to gov.  for raising construction worker… 
a federal court has yet again struck down trump  extortion against communities. jeff sessions should… 
time after time republicans vote to do nothing to strengthen our national security and prevent attacks on america. 
as yogi said, it’s déjà vu all over again. after sticking it to new jersey once,  wants to take away our s… 
this is a good start but only a start. build-it-yourself guns free of any background checks should be illegal perma… 
i prefer the original. painted by an immigrant, by the way. 
the president of the united states is determining policy from consultations with the nra. the lives of americans sh… 
when  jammed their #taxscam through, they promised it would be the greatest thing since sliced bread. they… 
not content with one #goptaxscam, trump is considering another tax cut for the ultra rich -- wo/even consulting con… 
adam jobbers-miller was a patriot, dedicated to community. his service for the wayne fire dept and with ft myers pd… 
medicare provides life-saving care to m people. medicaid covers half of all births and % of americans in longte… 
otd  years ago, #medicare &amp; #medicaid were signed into law. it remains one of the most important moments in our h…  we also passed legislation that will require the faa to consider diverging flight paths and adjusting departure pro… 
i will also meet with the acting  administrator on election day in order to demonstrate the impact these ch… 
i have been working to combat the plague of airplane noise in the valley. on october , i addressed the hollywood… 
sjp has declared its support for the popular front for the liberation of palestine - which glorifies the murder of… 
within a month after the most deadly anti-semitic murders in america, ucla will host the national conference of sjp… 
i send my deepest sympathies to the families of the victims of the shooting at the tree of life synagogue and the e… 
instead of confronting the real threats posed by the climate change crisis, the #trump administration continues to… 
i just left the l.a.p.d. valley bureau civilian personnel luncheon in encino.  it was an honor to address those in… 
i met with cameron o’hanlon and thor steingraber, deputy to the executive director and the executive director of th… 
we had a great town hall with students from sherman oaks center of enriched studies.  thanks to this bright group o… 
thanks to el camino real charter high school for hosting our student town hall in woodland hills.  we shared a prod… 
i joined our sherman oaks office interns for dinner to thank them for their hard work. contact us if you or someone… 
productive meeting this morning with the  at the  office in van nuys. we discussed flood… 
i am honored to receive the small business investor alliance's champion of small business investing award. i vow to… 
this week i met with members from the korean american public action committee to discuss the issue of the reunifica… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
.'s jamie dimon has officially backed out of the upcoming investment conference in #saudiarabia.… 
if mbs is genuinely sorry about what happened at the istanbul consulate, he should free all non-violent political p… 
i was pleased to join the 's casino royale event on saturday evening where i recognized the foundat… 
on sunday, i joined the unitarian universalist church in studio city to march &amp; rally against gun violence. almost… 
i am honored to receive a % in the  congressional voting record for the th congress. i remain… 
icymi: this afternoon i discussed the resignation of  with  on .  watch it… 
tune in now! i’ll be on after . 
tune in to  at : am pt.  i'll be on  to discuss the resignation of  as u.s. am… 
turkey concludes saudi journalist jamal khashoggi killed by ‘murder’ team, sources say 
why does the world listen to china when it seeks to exclude taiwan from interpol. 
as ranking member of the asia subcommittee, i send my deepest condolences to the victims of the earthquake and tsun… 
this week i wrote a letter and was able to persuade a bipartisan group of my colleagues to sign it. the letter urge… 
tune in to ’s  at :am pt. i’ll be on to discuss today’s announcement that  and i wil… 
tune in now to watch  and i announce our plan to reintroduce legislation to avoid more government bailou… 
banks are % bigger than they were in . i will go live with  at am et to announce our plan to rei… 
i look forward to meeting pakistan's minister of foreign affairs shah mahmood qureshi () tonight.
 : pleased that  and rep.  intro’d the #house companion to my legislation, the tropical forest c…
#nafta #korus a used car salesman named don tells you that you own "the worst car ever" and that if you trade it in… 
/ the populist reaction would have occurred even if everyone in congress had fallen into line and voted as wall st… 
/ instead, we forced them to abandon the plan and buy preferred stock, and we got back virtually all the taxpayers’ money.
/ interesting article. for the record, i never said anything about a depression. what i did say is that we would h… 
i applaud governor  for restoring #netneutrality rules in california. i will work with california to… 
“it is idiotic to put a shot clock on the f.b.i. but it is better to give professionals seven days to find facts th… 
today, i had a productive meeting with president  of chile. we discussed the crisis in venezuela, o… 
this morning i met with a bright group of students from milken community high school to discuss my work in washingt… 
co-hosted a biden cancer community summit today, meeting with local hospitals &amp; organizations to discuss progress b… 
today  and i sent the following letter to the ugandan ambassador to the usa. we urge the government of… 
tune in to 's "the issue is:" tonight at : pm pt.  i join  and fellow panelists… 
one year after #hurricanemaria #puertorico continues to suffer from the destruction caused by the storm. while… 
after receiving specialized medical treatment in the united states,  has returned home. in wake of the v… 
tune in to  now! i'll be on with  and  discussing the latest on… 
today marks  yrs. since the collapse of lehman brothers, which led to  financial crisis. in response, dems pa… 
tune in to  on monday morning at : am pt. i will be on to discuss the latest on the ongoing… 
today, i met the south korean ambassador to the united states cho yoon-je.  we had a long and productive conversati… 
today, we honor the thousands of lives lost on september , , and those we have lost to /-related illnesses… 
i was pleased to speak at this evening’s valley economic alliance st annual valley of the stars gala awards cerem… 
yesterday, the  determined it has jurisdiction over burma’s deportations of rohingya. this is just th… 
good meeting with  director  about possible imf loans to turkey and pakistan. turkey is a serial bo… 
today, i met with  and his wife, barbara. during our meeting he underlined the importance of the democra… 
today, india's supreme court finally struck down a law criminalizing homosexuality.  lgbt rights are human rights.… 
hope  will get a chance to meet members of congress soon.   #freebobiwine   
what an unfortunate capitulation to anti-semitism. we must combat #bds, not give into it.  
i just returned from the u.s. capitol, where our friend, colleague, &amp; american hero, , is lying in st… 
this week, i was one of only  members of congress to stand up for the religious freedoms of the oppressed #uyghur… 
this past weekend i was proud to have been the india association of los angeles (iala) guest of honor as we joined… 
i had the privilege of joining wings over wendy's to honor our veterans past and present in los angeles and to pres… 

when it comes to trade deals, details matter. #nafta hurt working families; a replacement must prioritize american… 
a man of honor, a patriot, has passed on.  
. still hasn’t released . #freebobiwine read the latest:  

i also call on the government of uganda to settle their political disagreements democratically and release those pr… 
yesterday, i sent a letter to amb. mull ssebuija katende of uganda calling for the immediate release of mp robert k… 
the faa is considering altering departures from  that could bring more noise over valley neighborhoods and… 
met with the  today and had a productive conversation about armenian genocide education, strengthening inte… 
i had the opportunity to meet  with  to discuss the importance of improving research a… 
this afternoon i met with members of  in our sherman oaks office to discuss the importance of standing… 
 greek soldiers facing espionage charges in turkey flew home yesterday. in may i sent a letter to  on th… 
 : it has been almost a year since i wrote an article for ! i talk about my life with cerebral palsy and my work…
met with president  of taiwan. spoke of strengthening the us-taiwan alliance &amp; increasing us exports. look… 
i was pleased to meet with taiwanese president  last night in los angeles and speak with members of the tai… 
i strongly condemn the barrage of rockets hamas has launched against israeli civilians and i support israel’s right… 
local officials reached a $. million settlement with socalgas in response to the the biggest methane leak in u.… 
we all must continue to fight for #humanrights, especially in saudi arabia. i applaud  and canada for do… 
on  conservative activist, al cardenas says trump’s tweet parallels obstruction of justice during wate… 
#trump screams. #trump blinks. #trump fails. see my positions on the trade deficit: .  .… 
wapo's  is right. it’s past time we called out china for its imprisonment of s of ,s of uighurs an… 
. calls me a "leftist wacko democrat" for advocating cyber security for our vote tabulation systems. t… 
. thinks that anyone who wants to give the states (over half republican run) money to stop the russian… 
. is an idiot. in yesterday's radio show, he focused on my appearance on  with … 
i was set to appear on fox's  to discuss the latest on #trump, #iran, and #northkorea. however, discu… 
tune into '  now!  i'll be on shortly with  to discuss the latest on #trump, #iran, and #northkorea.
by erasing any reference to taiwan from their websites, ,  and  are bowing to china. 
today, i met with california lt. governor  and discussed improving the economy in california. (pictured… 
 : the trump admin threatened ecuador for supporting breastfeeding — and this rep demanded to know why 
. lies on . says wages are growing at record pace. actually, real wages, adjusted for inf… 
on august , i will be holding a telephone town hall meeting to discuss all of the issues facing congress.  the tow… 
 : rep. brad sherman (d-ca) foreign affairs committee member discusses the fallout from pres. trump's meeting with pres. putin  w…
i’ll be on  shortly at am pt with  to discuss the latest on #trumpputin the… 
anyone endorsed by  should immediately renounce the endorsement. or alternatively also claim the en… 
 : today’s press conference in #helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an american president in memory.…
#putin claims at the #helsinkisummit that russia did not interfere. #trump doesn't know who to believe.… 
the cia, the justice department, and all relevant u.s. intelligence agencies have confirmed that #russia interfered… 
on friday i joined '  on  to discuss the #russians that were indicted for in… 
yesterday, dada j.p. vaswani passed away just before his th birthday. he was an important voice for the #sindhi… 
this morning i met with  chairman powell in our washington, d.c. office.  the chairman and i had a p… 
tune in now! 
tune in to  channel's  at : am pt.  i'll be on with  to discuss the latest… 
israeli voters should know that some of their politicians, for personal political advantage, support policies that… 
on the one year anniversary of filing articles of impeachment to #impeachtrump, i spoke on the house floor about wh… 
a year ago this day i was the first to introduce articles of impeachment to #impeachtrump. four months before anyon… 
a year ago tomorrow, i introduced articles of #impeachment against  to begin a long process to prot… 
#trump’s #scotus nominee, brett kavanaugh poses a threat to a woman’s right to choose, a worker’s right to organize… 
#china launched this #tradewar against the united states in , just after congress foolishly granted them mfn. 
i enjoyed spending the morning at the valley village homeowners association annual july th parade! wishing everyon… 
today i met with abraham wen-shang chu, taiwan’s new consul general for los angeles. we discussed strengthening coo… 
i encourage  and  to return to negotiations and find a solution that allows san fernando valley view… 
what’s sad is that #trump’s deal in singapore was so weak that this isn’t even a violation. 
we are marching in santa clarita against separating families and #trump's "zero tolerance" policy. this is what dem… 
the rally will start at : am at the corner of mcbean parkway and valencia boulevard and end in front of santa clarita city hall.
tomorrow, i will be speaking against separating families and #trump's "zero tolerance" policy at the… 
today’s #scotus decision in #janusvsafscme was targeted at the public sector, but it strikes at the heart of americ… 
today, i joined  and a few house colleagues to tour the youth for tomorrow facility in bristow, va.  the… 
this can not be good. 
great meeting with my friend  where we discussed israeli-palestinian peace, preventing a nuclear iran, an… 
good to meet king abdullah of jordan again with the foreign affairs committee. we discussed efforts to assist with… 
scotus ignored a simple fact: this is a “muslim ban” precisely because  called it a #muslimban. #nomuslimbanever
today, #scotus set a historic and shameful precedent of sanctioning discrimination. discrimination based on one’s r… 
met with ambassador jeff gerrish, the  for asia, today. we discussed the need to reduce the… 
i hear  will propose to merge the departments of labor () and education (). i doubt i… 
i have been seeking to overturn quill since  when i was chair of the california board of equalization, the nati… 
i'm proud to stand by my fellow house democratic colleagues to speak out against ’s "zero tolerance… 
today, congress should send a strong message that the u.s. - a country whose story has been written by those fleein… 
today i joined with  and other colleagues in introducing h.r.  which will outlaw the pernicious… 
just had a productive meeting with ambassador shinsuke sugiyama of japan. the ambassador and i discussed the trade… 
tomorrow i will join  and other members of congress in introducing a bill to outlaw separating child… 
it was a pleasure to discuss the importance of u.s. south korea joint military exercises with our new commander of… 
trump is holding children hostage in an attempt to get democratic votes on immigration bill. no wonder he establish… 
tonight at sunset marks the end of the spiritual month of #ramadan; a cherished time for family and friends to gath… 
it was an honor to meet a very intelligent group of students from granada hills charter high school (… 
. tweeting today: there's no longer a nuclear threat from #northkorea.  brad sherman on the house f… 
the violence against the #rohingya in burma is unconscionable.  bangladesh has presented evidence to the internatio… 
#trumpkimsummit.  the iran deal is like a clunker: it wouldn't serve its purpose for many years.  the #northkorea d… 
#theartofthecapitulation: make major concessions.  accept vague platitudes.  announce you’ve negotiated the best deal ever.
#theartofthecapitulation. we stop military exercises needed to defend south korea.  we give green light to china to… 
who worked harder to prepare for the #singaporesummit :  or ? it worries me that this… 
just because there’s clear evidence that he is guilty of obstruction of justice, doesn’t mean he’s entirely wrong on trade.
 : news: bipartisan group of lawmakers offers new bill to assess north korea's weapons capabilities cc:  …
china offers to buy only fungible commodities that we can sell on the world market &amp; involve minimal jobs per dolla… 
 : this is a narrow ruling by #scotus against the colorado commission, but supreme court opinion also acknowledges that lgbt…
 : #scotus ruled narrowly that co commission acted improperly. regardless of today’s outcome, the fact remains that lgbtq pe…
it was a pleasure to join former california governor gray davis () last night on  and to disc… 
tune into '  with  tonight at pm.  i’ll be on for the whole hour-long special that… 
i was pleased to meet and honor cleveland high school teacher kristofer ornelas who was recently recognized as the… 
enjoyed meeting with a bright group of students during our student town hall at grover cleveland high school in res… 
 : . talks north korea, robert mueller,  &amp; impeachment during this  interview on .…
just met with south korean consul general wan-joong kim in sherman oaks.  we discussed my work as the ranking membe… 
icymi: take a few minutes to watch my appearance on .  i discussed the latest on trump, north korea, impeachme… 
i hit a bit of traffic and will be on at :am pt.  but if you're not already watching tune into 's  no… 
tune in to 's  at :am pt this morning.  i'll be discussing the latest on the upcoming california prim… 
i welcomed the opportunity to address the student body of valley academy of arts and sciences and to take their que… 
last night, i spent some time with treasurer  at the islamic center of northridge’s ramadan iftar dinn… 
thanks to those who came out to various events across california's th congressional district and the nation today… 
we recognize the th anniversary of the first republic of armenia.  we call upon turkey to lift the blockade and… 
it was an honor to spend time at southern california’s largest #memorialday parade that started on sherman way in c… 
i’ll be on   to discuss trump’s decision to cancel the #northkoreasummit. tune in at : am pt.
i'll be on 's morning edition with  discussing 's decision to abruptly cancel t… 
#papertiger on #northkorea.   fails to sanction major chinese banks doing business with north korea… 
#papertiger on #iran. let's zte off-hook for violating iran sanctions. and see our bipartisan letter criticizing… 
#papertiger on trade. 
senseless school shootings must stop.  we need reasonable gun safety legislation now.  see my statement on preventi… 
as a proud cosponsor of h.res. , recognizing the commencement of #ramadan, i wish all my muslim friends a spirit… 
. failed to mention that most republican leadership on national security--chair of armed services thornberr… 
. and  say its inconsistent for any democrat to have opposed #irandeal and then think #trump is mishandling it now.
our sanctions are meaningless unless we enforce them.  trump to end enforcement to save chinese jobs!  chinese have… 
tune in to  at :am pt. i’ll be joining  to discuss the latest on the #irandeal.
 : idc presents  w/ the  idc congressional champion award for his constant support for #armeniangenocider…
tune in to  now! i’ll be joining  at :am pt to discuss the latest on #northkorea on… 
i’ll be on  discussing the latest on #northkorea and the upcoming north korea summit with… 
icymi: yesterday i discussed the latest on the #iranddeal with  on .  click below to listen to our… 
it was a pleasure to meet and join  on  this afternoon to discuss the latest on the #irandeal.  tun… 
great meeting with  about the next steps of the la river, which should include the tributaries of bell creek… 
good to see americans released by #northkorea.  now we must push for the release of other hostages, especially the… 
just spoke at the foreign affairs committee.  demonstrated that backing out of the nuclear deal at this time helps… 
last night i spoke on the house floor against pulling out of the #irandeal.  we need to focus on stronger sanctions… 
two points: the u.s. and allies must maintain pressure on the north, and on the other hand must be ready to agree t… 
the meeting between kim and president moon was promising, and we hope for progress towards the goal of denuclearization.
hear no evil, see no evil..."house intelligence committee republicans find "no evidence" of trump campaign collusio… 
had a constructive meeting with india's ambassador to the u.s, . we discussed the u.s.-india partnershi… 
i am glad i got to meet members of the american lighting association, including clark linstone of  and da… 
only two members of the house voted against sanctioning #iran for human rights violations and taking americans host… 
today, president emmanuel macron delivered an excellent statement.  macron’s tough emphasis on protecting the envir… 
 : , it's #worldmalariaday! join the fight to #endmalaria with me and  by posting a statement or re…
socalgas should not be responsible for conducting research on the future of the #alisocanyon natural gas storage fa… 
congratulations to el camino real charter high school for winning the  u.s. academic decathlon! el camino has w… 
met with #armenia's deputy prime minister vache gabrielyan and ambassador grigor hovhannissian today to discuss bui… 
only because  created the  will #wellsfargo be held to account and other banks will be deterred from s… 
i had the pleasure of meeting  to discuss the important work that  is doing to protec… 
i had a productive meeting with l.a. county supervisor  and  jim mcdonnell where we discuss… 
that said, the administration should have provided congress with a classified briefing to show us how strong his pr… 
it was good that in  we forced al-assad to turn over . million pounds of highly toxic chemical weapons. we ne… 
this saturday at  pm tune into  on  where i'll be discussing the latest on china and trade, n… 
reviving tpp will further increase the trade deficit—look at the trade deal w/ south korea. none of the countries i… 
the trump administration is reviving the tpp.  the idea that the tpp is a counter to china is nonsense.  it benefit…  i am proud to help ensure that the promises made to our local schools and students are kept! 
it is important to fight for our children’s right to a safe and healthy learning environment. thank you… 
read more here ➡️
continued coordination with  and the  on mitigating aviation impacts will ensure that… 
the students in our community deserve to learn in a safe and healthy environment free from distracting noise and en… 
    i've always made our active duty military &amp; veterans a priority &amp; bee… 
thank you to  the veterans of foreign wars post  in renton for hosting me yesterday. hearing first hand from lo… 
thank you deshawn for sharing your story. i look forward to continuing to work with local veterans to ensure that t… 
we need to uphold the spirit and promise of the gi bill. it is critical that the skills veterans develop in the mil… 
putting aside the fact that this would be unconstitutional, removing birthright citizenship is contrary to america’… 
we must continue to raise awareness about the administration’s abhorrent family separation policy. my staff joined… 
 : 's op-ed for   is a must read for those who're worried about the trump admin's efforts  to "wrap…
on issue after issue, the department of defense under the trump administration has made conspicuous decisions to ro… 
thank you       &amp; country doctor community health centers for your work!
#communityhealthcenters provide quality &amp; affordable care to ensure that everyone – regardless of income – has acce… 
our role as a global leader should be focused on bringing countries together to make progress on the horrific condi… 
i have deep respect for the work firefighters do to keep us safe. thank you to  station  for hosting… 
the devastating attack at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburg today is reprehensible. i stand in solidarity wit… 
what happened in helsinki cannot be repeated. dialogue with russia is needed, but president trump has continued to… 
. promotes the ideals of public service and giving back to our community. i enjoyed joining this month’s… 
reminder: you have one more week to apply for a military academy nomination from my office! the deadline is friday,… 
congratulations to the housing development consortium on  years of exemplary service to our community! 
the president’s announcement that he will send more troops to the border is fundamentally wrong and a political act… 
it’s been  days since the #landandwaterconservationfund expired. i support permanent reauthorization of this inva… 
as republicans mislead the public by claiming to support protections for pre-existing conditions,  just… 
from fighting don’t ask don’t tell to supporting our #transgender troops, i am proud to stand on the right side of… 
 : thank you  and ! we cannot afford to go backwards into a world of increasing nuclear terror.…
 :  things you can do to address climate change today:  ➡️ reduce, reuse &amp; recycle your waste ♻️  ➡️ switch to reusable water bottles…
 : thank you  and your incredible staff, for your support and ear during this important time for music rights! #m…
great music is created in the th district! thank you to local songwriter &amp; #districtadvocate scott w/… 
our strength is in our alliances. withdrawing from the inf treaty and letting the new sta treaty expire would div… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 i have taken on trump at every turn in his efforts to roll back access and cut off protections for… 
for all the talk about wanting to protect people w/ pre-existing conditions, the administration &amp; congressional rep… 
congratulations to gabriella on becoming a finalist in the broadcom masters competition! it is inspiring to see stu… 
 : democrats can make “sure we don’t allow bigotry to get in the way of people serving the country,” said , rankin…
 : open enrollment! on /, you can enroll, renew, or change plans for  through washington healthplanfinder. our expert,…
great discussion on the importance of ensuring different educational pathways and civic engagement. thanks… 
 : we’re up bright and early listening in to a discussion with  while he’s visiting  !  here,…
 : "the only thing that our president cares about is making it clear that nothing the russians did influenced the election ...…
international paper’s global cellulose fibers innovation center in federal way transforms renewable resources into… 
the idea that cutting foreign aid to guatemala, honduras, or el salvador will help the crisis is utterly ridiculous… 
i will continue to work with  to protect our environment and #actonclimate 
the trump administration is taking steps to revoke civil rights protections from transgender people. this attack on… 
i had the honor of speaking at the  &amp;  hosted event celebrating the importance of wom… 
read my full statement on the murder of saudi journalist #jamalkhashoggi here ➡️
the saudis have finally come forward admitting saudi journalist jamal khashoggi was killed. we have a moral obligat… 
this week’s court ruling is great news for our students. we need to stand up and protect students from financial fr… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
the truth: climate change is real, family separation causes irreparable harm to children, russia continues to under… 
trump’s instincts: climate change science is a hoax, family separation is good, believe russia over our own intel agencies.
thank you to mercer island high school for allowing me to hear firsthand from teachers and students about the diffe… 
repealing the #affordablecareact would take us backwards to a time where millions more americans were uninsured &amp; p… 
no amount of foreign interference in our elections is acceptable.   
 : top dems: "conflating the interference by russian and chinese actors is irresponsible and demonstrates the white house’s…
happy national principals month to all of washington's hard-working principals. we are grateful for your hard work… 
i am proud to receive a % score on the  congressional voting record. i am committed to continuing… 
"we cannot just sit idly by and watch our most vulnerable neighbors become collateral damage, stemming from hard-li… 
mitch mcconnell is refusing to take responsibility for the gop’s disastrous fiscal policy. by forcing the partisan… 
 : thank you to the leaders who've helped passing the global fragility and violence reduction act through . let’s…
i look forward to working together with van in our efforts to reform both our criminal justice system and our broke… 
. is a steadfast advocate for making communities better and a powerful voice for change. i appreciate hi… 
as ranking member of  i will work with my colleagues to hold this administration accountable for thes… 
i am extremely concerned with reports that the trump administration may be considering the use of military bases to… 
with the passing of  the world has lost an incredible philanthropist &amp; brilliant mind. from pioneering i… 
my family’s story is unfortunately not unique in this country.  everyone should be able to afford health insurance. we need #medicareforall
like every american, healthcare is personal for me. my family lost our health insurance after my father passed away… 
are you interested in requesting a nomination to a u.s. service academy? the deadline to submit your completed nomi… 
 : rm  joined ranking members  &amp;  demanding quick action on the #khashoggi disappe…
today i joined w/ house foreign affairs committee ranking member   &amp; house intelligence committee ran… 
monday october th is the last day to submit your app for the  congressional app challenge! to register, visit… 
october is #lgbtq history month! thank you to the lgbtq trailblazers who fought for equality under the law, in the… 
 : it's time to fight back against the trump administration's #publiccharge rule change! learn how you can voice your opposition to…
finally, we must remember this is just a proposal and has not taken effect, so you still have an opportunity to mak… 
you can learn more about how the proposed rule impacts members of our community here ➡️ 
most importantly, there is no reason for members of the community to stop using or applying for benefits they are e… 
trump’s proposed #publiccharge rule posted this week is another senseless attack on immigrants &amp; families &amp; an atte… 
happy birthday to my friend &amp; a true champion for women and for washington state, senator !
yemen's humanitarian crisis is growing by the day. the us must focus on alleviating this crisis &amp; advocating for a… 
i’m proud to have received a % score from the . i have always worked to defend &amp; advance civil rights and ci… 
over % of democrats and republicans across the country support #netneutrality. congress must reach across party l… 
happy international #dayofthegirl! girls around the world still face barriers to education, healthcare and equality… 
no one should have to hide who they are. when you are ready, let the world see you. #nationalcomingoutday 
 thank you for your support of #medicareforall! i'm proud to be a founding member of the congression… 
i support ending the social security payroll tax cap for high income earners - this will provide more revenue for t… 
today’s .% cola increase is good news for seniors, survivors &amp; those w/ disabilities who have their earned social… 
we need to end the use of private detention – passing the dignity for detained immigrants act that i’ve introduced… 
conditions at the privately-run northwest detention center in tacoma are unacceptable. thank you to community advoc… 
nearly  in  adults in the us lives with a mental illness. on #worldmentalhealthday, remember to take care of your… 
i stand with  and  in their fight to secure the rights for immigrants. we need to end mandatory detentio… 
the suspicious disappearance of saudi journalist and vocal dissident #jamalkhashoggi is extremely disturbing. the u… 
 : trump can't be trusted to protect health care for the american people – let alone talk about it accurately and honestly. re…
i agree with % of scientists and the latest un report: earth’s climate is warming. we must take action today to s… 
thank you to local high school students who visited my office to join in calling for congress to #protectsnap. cuts… 
the #toxictrump administration has undermined critical environmental safeguards at every turn – threatening the hea… 
happy indigenous peoples day! i join in celebrating the rich indigenous history &amp; the contributions of native commu… 
 : co-chairs  &amp;  &amp; first vice chair  call on  to withdraw judge ka…
i look forward to continuing to work together to remove barriers and ensure full equality for minority contractors.
congress has a responsibility to support policies and enact laws that are inclusive and bring everyone to the table… 
 : here’s to the teachers who: constantly inspire us;  pass on their knowledge; &amp; prepare us for our futures in-and-out of the c…
during #hispanicheritagemonth we will continue the work of cesar chavez &amp; #protectnepa so that communities of color… 
nepa gives communities of color a voice against environmental injustices that can harm their public health, economi… 
 : as  recklessly moves forward with #brettkavanaugh's confirmation, a diverse and growing list of people and o…
we are in the community to serve as a resource if you or your family needs assistance with immigration services.
my office recently participated in ’s citizenship day, a free legal clinic for immigrants to help c… 
 : headed to the president’s desk— #thebuildact! thank you , ,  &amp;  for your leaders…
our work is not done. working families shouldn't have to choose between buying groceries &amp; paying for medication. t… 
as the son of a baggage handler at sea-tac airport, i saw the economic opportunity my father’s union job created fo… 
calling all middle &amp; high school students in the th district to participate in the  congressional app challeng… 
we must act to fix this moral failure, put due process over profits, and treat all immigrants with the dignity they… 
family separation. mandatory detention. limited access to legal counsel. inadequate health care treatment. the list… 
one year ago today i introduced the dignity for detained immigrants act. now more than ever we need this bill so we… 
as investigations into the president continue, it is my duty as a member of congress to conduct thorough &amp; vigorous… 
the trump administration’s mass transfers of more than , migrant children in the dead of night to tent cities i… 
#otd in , thurgood marshall was named the first african-american justice on the supreme court. let us live by h… 
this isn’t america first. this is putting the bigoted agenda of  pence and  first. we should be… 
over  of my colleagues have joined the letter i led with  and  urging the administrati… 
 : in a new letter -- led by    --  representatives call trump's cuts to palestin…
read my full statement opposing the #goptaxscam here ➡️
today republicans made the #goptaxscam even more generous for the wealthiest % – and worse for working families. h… 
 : live right now: join #boldtv's  &amp; guest host landon dais as they sit down with alexandra desanctis of  and…
today’s hearing might cause survivors of sexual assault and their loved ones to relive their trauma. please know th… 
voter suppression continues to rob communities of color and low income communities of their voices. voting is a fun… 
early learning is critical to our children’s future – paving the way for their cognitive, social &amp; emotional develo… 
 you are correct.  is a fake account and has been reported to .
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
 : it is time to stop the unconstitutional and destructive war in yemen. i proudly support  and ’…
 : thanks to   &amp; ,  are uniting to end the devastating us-saudi war i…
i had the pleasure of speaking at  w/ this morning, along with my caucus for effective foreign assi… 
today is #worldcontraception day! contraception allows women around the world the opportunity to choose when and if… 
proud to have a community leader and advocate like  in our district. thank you for your tireless work t… 
 : breaking:  and  ranking member  are introducing a war powers resolution to end u.s. i…
 : our coalition to end the war in yemen has expanded &amp; the call for withdrawing u.s. involvement is louder. i'm confident th…
together with , , ,  and a bipartisan group of our colleagues, i h… 
we must make it clear that u.s. should not be choosing sides in this civil war while the people of yemen continue to suffer.
the u.s. should be aggressively pushing a peaceful solution to end this civil war instead of supporting the saudi-l… 
yemen is facing the worst humanitarian crisis in the world right now that has been significantly exacerbated by the… 
together with my co-chair of the caucus for effective foreign assistance  i’m at  this morning to d… 
i’m joining with  to demand a vote on the land &amp; water conservation fund this week before #lwcf expires on s… 
  i'm proud to be a founding member of the congressional medicare for all caucus. together,… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! #beavoter because democracy requires participation and elections have consequen… 
the president’s proposal is an effort to divide us, making immigration pay-to-play at the expense of children &amp; fam… 
congratulations to ! 
dr. blasey ford has come forward, knowing she has everything to lose. we #believesurvivors, and owe it to the ameri… 
foreign interference in our electoral system is deeply troubling and interest in uncovering any meddling in our dem… 
the department of justice, together with the fbi, is tasked with carrying out independent investigations, free from… 
we must ensure the rule of law is upheld, and congress should immediately pass legislation to protect the integrity… 
as we wait for further information to become available about developments with the leadership of the department of… 
on #internationaldayofpeace, we commit to our continued work to achieve peace and stability through effective forei… 
 : republicans in congress turned their back on #puertorico &amp; u.s. virgin islands following #hurricanemaria. we’re demanding they…
my office had the opportunity to meet with , chief of the seattle police department, to discuss how we c… 
i stand with  and will continue to fight to protect the clean air and water our community depends on. 
i’m proud to have worked with my delegation colleague  to have the  be designated as a nat… 
this program helps give seniors the dignity they deserve. it needs to be strengthened and expanded to make sure it’… 
our seniors deserve the protection of #socialsecurity, it’s one of the most critical programs our country has ever… 
 : thank you , ,  for taking bold action to stop #trump's dangerous, more usable #nuke. t…
 : thank you  and colleagues for introducing this common sense bill! here in wa state, we're proud to work wi…
 : thank you to , , ,  and , for introducing legislation to stop b…
on the holiest day in the jewish year, i would to wish those reflecting a meaningful #yomkippur. may the new year b… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. they cannot make the same mistake again – the senate must… 
 : low-yield nuclear weapons have the potential to lower the threshold for using nuclear weapons &amp; increase the risk of enteri…
 : thank you , ,   and  for introducing the hold the lyne act to…
 : breaking: , ,   and  introduce bill to ban low-yield nuclea…
 : so-called “low-yield” nukes have the potential to lower the threshold for using nuclear weapons and increase the risk of ent…
 : thanks to , ,  for taking bold action to stop #trump's dangerous, more usable #nuke. this…
we already have a nuclear deterrent that is more than adequate to achieve our national security goals. funding new,… 
we should not fund president trump’s request for new low-yield nuclear weapons. his proposal dangerously lowers the… 
i am proud to support policies that strengthen our #democracyall 
exciting news from the : thank you for working w/ &amp;  to ensure… 
refugees are valuable members of our community, and this decision flies in the face of american values and our own… 
this decision is a disgrace. trump is once again putting his bigoted agenda ahead of the interests of our country. 
happy #constitutionday! #otd  years ago, the founding fathers signed the us constitution –beginning our great ex… 
we must pass the dignity for detained immigrants act that i have introduced with , to end private detent… 
the trump administration’s family separation policy has left , young children in detention facilities across t… 
the stakes of this supreme court nomination are too high. having a committee vote on kavanaugh’s nomination this we… 
proud to have strong senators  and  representing our state who are champions for the ri… 
thank you donovan for your act of compassion &amp; the reminder that it costs nothing to be kind.  via the 
it’s said, “no act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.” donovan, a rd grader from bryn mawr elementa… 
whether immigrant or native born, the latinx communities across our country have helped shape our nation. we must f… 
during #hispanicheritagemonth, i would like to recognize the latinx community and their numerous contributions to o… 
social security is a vital program for seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. as a member of the #expandsocialsecurity… 
i’m proud to join together with voices from around the globe in support of the  goals. we need action at e… 
 years after the enactment of #vawa we are still fighting to protect women and girls against violence. there are… 
the trump administration is circumventing congress’ duty to allocate funds through a transparent process that allow… 
through these backroom money transfers, ice is not only irresponsibly spending resources, but also pushing an inhum… 
just when we think the trump administration couldn’t be more reckless – they've allowed  to rob $ million fr… 
congrats to the ! 
saudi arabia continues its blockade on yemen, restricting the shipment of food and other goods vital to alleviating… 
the idea that saudi arabia &amp; the uae are taking sufficient action to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civil… 
voting is the most essential part of a healthy democracy. i support 's resolution to make september, “nat… 
great to visit ’s cherry st food bank where they assist as many as , people each week. during… 
congratulations to , planned parenthood’s new president! dr. wen has spent her career working in public… 

i strongly support reauthorizing the violence against women act to end the epidemic of violence against women and g… 
my office recently held a roundtable with local women’s organizations such as ,  and  to… 
the trump administration is once again putting special interests before people in their latest attack on obama-era… 
i would like to wish the ethiopian community a happy new year! may the new year bring you and your family joy, peac… 
read my letter to the defense nuclear facilities safety board warning against president trump’s plan to impose exte… 
now is not the time to increase nuclear safety risk by making cuts to the experts whose primary mission is to provi…  a powerful and moving vigil tonight with , the central synagogue clergy, religious leaders of all faiths… 
america's greatness has always been its ability to overcome hatred, always striving to form a more perfect union. c… 
 : the  is right: real-time payments would save billions for communities of colors. read their letter to the …
i'll be on  tonight on  at :pm et. tune in!
my statement yesterday concerning the anti-semitic shooting in pittsburgh:  
fault is wholly on the attacker, and the focus must be on condemning hate speech and ensuring that no one with such… 
the horrible events in pittsburgh are deeply unsettling, and my thoughts are with the victims and their families. i… 
 : no one in politics or wingnut media made this guy send bombs. period. what they did, instead, was superheat the political…
chanting "lock 'em up" about political rivals not an hour after a radicalized trump supporter was arrested for send… 
 : van that reportedly belongs to florida man cesar sayoc is covered in photos of media and political figures circled in cr…
 : six years ago today. 
and whether intentional or not, griping about how this plays politically is a dog whistle for the false flag conspiracies.
i'm sorry "'bomb" stuff' is politically inconvenient for you, but what's actually unfortunate is we don't have a pr… 
will be going live on  this morning with  at :am e/t. tune in!
this week i addressed a letter to fdic, together with  , and rep. wm lacy clay, calling for re… 
 : if your vote didn’t matter, they wouldn’t be trying so hard to keep you from voting.
it's a sad day in american politics when the president, too small to admit his venom has infected our discourse, to… 
"clinton server" hypocrisy aside, it is dangerous how indifferent the president is to russia and china spying on hi… 
the "totally" makes this tweet read *totally* sarcastic, which coincidentally is the only truthful way to say this.… 
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
if your knee-jerk reaction to these bombs is to conspiratorially accuse the targeted, you're part of the virulent r… 
 : we don’t know who sent the bombs.  we do know this. words of incitement do incite. words of encouragement for acts of vio…
 : right on cue,  reliably goes straight to partisan stupidity, as if the kkk decades-long reign of terror and the…
 : explosive device in transit now in nypd containment unit. 
the very person with power to impact voting laws in georgia is afraid of people voting.   if that isn't a conflict… 
once is chance, twice is coincidence, three is an increasingly concerning pattern. glad to have new york and dc's f… 
the cfpb's mission to address discriminatory practices is undermined by the appointment of eric blankenstein. toget… 
speaking on a panel moderated by  with  and chris campbell about technology, financial inclusio… 
i'm not concerned by how  chose to protest a symbol of segregation and jim crow-ism. i'm concerned by… 
i will be on  with   at :pm eastern to discuss saudi arabia, the inf treaty and more. tune in!
formerly fringe conspiracy theories have been welcomed into the mainstream by the gop and now its starting to manif… 
 : what's pathetic: when autocrats deny a crime, trump says "well, they denied it, so they didn't do it."  when black kids…
 : a fair census is vital to our democracy. it affects everything from affordable housing to healthcare.  the attempt to c…
and if the president wanted to give middle-class taxpayers a break, he wouldn't have first emptied the federal budg… 
this is clear cut discrimination for transparently cynical political purposes. between this and the caravan, this a… 
of all the nostalgia "make america great again" aims to evoke, somehow i doubt the cold war arms race is high on an… 
all evidence so far points to a cover-up gone wrong, one which this administration has been derelict in its duty to… 
 : . is desperate to change the subject from health care to immigration because he knows that health care is…
 : the only person on earth outside of the saudi kingdom who appears to accept the saudi ‘investigation’ is president trump…
 : . chairman  and  at the #umojafestival in north las vegas!   #election #yourvotematters…
like it or not, we are all conscripts in an information war meant to sow discord between us. it did not end in … 
reckless to ham-handedly scrap the inf before exploring diplomatic options and conferring with our allies. trump’s… 
and dems are supposedly the violent mob? the irony is so thick gianforte couldn't body-slam it. 
there's politics and then there's whatever this is...  
 : mr. president: look in the mirror, and you’ll see the person you need to speak with. pull back your lawsuit fighting to und…
tpp was and still is the best way to confront china’s trade practices, joining with western nations to set the stan… 
 : they promised the tax cuts for corporations would pay for themselves. then they blew a $ trillion hole in the deficit. and…
our moral standards must be consistent in our pursuit of peace in the middle east. just as we rebuke iran for its w… 
the saudi’s aren’t being truthful about koshoggi, not a leap to say they aren’t truthful about war crimes in yemen.… 
happy to have met with aipac tuesday to discuss our mutual interests and cooperation, working with the jewish commu… 
a pleasure meeting with the baha’i delegation to discuss the importance of protecting baha’i abroad from human righ… 
gop doing a great job reminding everyone #whatsatstake 
 : the last presidential election turned on fewer than , votes in three states. more people go to coachella. there’s no…
should've asked him on one of his many days at mar-a-lago. 
the con is obvious: blow up the deficit with tax cuts for the rich -&gt; blame the programs that help everyone else to… 
yesterday i joined exec director of  rick cotton and my fellow co-chair of the jfk redevelopment community a… 
considering trump likely already knew of these details, is it "guilty until proven innocent" or "innocent when prov… 
 : another prediction come true. has anyone seen any hint of an actual infrastructure plan? by the way, this is one initiativ…
trump is wiling to cover for saudi arabia in exchange for help cleaning the mess he's made with iran, not to mentio… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
 : new 💯% affordable #seniorhousing is coming to jamaica, qnz!  today we joined nec, , , …
breaking ground on the northeastern towers annex, which will bring affordable housing for seniors in our community. 
 : there is a tweet for everything. 
first time trump wasn't the most incomprehensible speaker at a press conference. #kanyewest 
utterly irresponsible to publish such blatant falsehoods unchallenged and disseminate the president's propaganda. t… 
 : one of my favorite speakers --  speaking with  's john kromer ( brd) about legisla…
 : today is the last day to register to vote if you live in:  az  ar fl ga in ky la mi ms nm nv oh pa tn or the great state of…
this further reinforces that, for a 'populist' president, trump's campaign was remarkably interested in subverting… 
in renaming this channel, we can both honor the heroism of joseph sanford jr. and wipe away a racial slur from our… 
the supreme court, our most hallowed institution, is now tarnished by a big "?" hanging over it. to erase it, the a… 
tune in on msnbc in fifteen minutes (:am)!
i'll be joining  this morning on msnbc to discuss kavanaugh and today's vote. tune in at :am
 : governor cuomo announced a $ billion dollar plan to upgrade the terminals at jfk airport. 
vote.
 : collins remarks almost sound as if they were written before dr fords allegations even became public. she hasn’t mentioned a…
much like in the fbi investigation, dr. ford is noticeably absent in collins' speech so far...
 : susan collins castigating everyone for opposing the nominee before he was even named, which is, of course what mcconnell d…
 : judge kavanaugh’s stunning decision to pen an op-ed bluntly confirms he has neither the judgment nor the temperament to b…
as though it wasn't reprehensible enough to mock ford, trump now further debases himself by flagrantly floating sor… 
 : fmr justice john paul stevens calls kavanaugh's behavior disqualifying. chief justice roberts, not public w/his thoughts, m…
 : again, this is a cover-up. 
"brett also belonged to a yale senior secret society called truth and courage. we believe that brett neither tells… 
dozens of willing witnesses, many who were either hesitant to come forward at first or even supported kavanaugh, th… 
though there was a glimmer of hope that the senate might perform its constitutional duty under sen. flake's leaders… 
 : worth noting that the post, the times, and the new yorker all independently reported this same characterization of the fbi…
welcome news for families who'd be torn apart by this administration's racially motivated immigration policy. endin… 
only one copy of the report, to be read in private within an hour. it is absurd the lengths they're going to hide w… 
 : it's one thing to limit the allegations being investigated.  it's another thing to limit the investigative steps the fb…
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
that's because the president is a conman and a charlatan, cheating on his taxes then, passing #taxscam after tax sc… 
it's only been three years since our supreme court ruled on same-sex marriage. for diplomats from the vast majority… 
unsurprisingly, arresting immigrants who volunteer to be sponsors makes the process look like a trap, scaring away… 
 : statement from #newdem trade leaders on #nafta #usmca 
“i thought it was going to be an investigation,” the yale classmate said, “but instead it seems it’s just an alibi… 
 : as of today, ny's raise the age law is now in effect. this law raises the age of criminal responsibility, removes -year-o…
 : we stand with the palmer family and maranatha baptist church in calling on  to convene a grand jury invest…
 : “i wanted to make sure that i stopped by to say thank you to you because you know that when you know about the power of an i…
 : looking forward after friendly talks with  to share thoughts in us congress on balkan and bosnia #eu futur…
the point of the fbi investigation was to provide an independent non-partisan look at the allegations against kavan… 
this is a significant milestone in our efforts to ensure the presidency is not used to advance the financial intere… 
“don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and i'll tell you what you value.”   the gop #taxscam is anoth… 
i commend senator flake for taking seriously these allegations against #kavanaugh and calling for an fbi investigat… 
this is not political. if we wanted a political fight, we would've had it with gorsuch. but gorsuch did not have … 
giuliani took the seedy out of times square to help put it in the white house so it can put it in the supreme court… 
had the pleasure of meeting ghanaian president akuffo-addo to discuss opportunities between american and african bu… 
 : they aren't white lies, either. kavanaugh was lying about stuff that would establish (i) his propensity to drink to exce…
regardless of whether you believe ford or not, kavanaugh made several obvious lies before yesterday’s committee, sn… 
 : a job is not just a paycheck. it is dignity, it is self-worth, it is respect. this historic victory will give thousands of…
in the face of ford’s credible testimony, republicans have resorted to petulant grief about process or thin attacks… 
my transcript from this morning's financial services committee asking ms. grimes about a culture of harassment at f… 
if we underfund and undervalue our diplomatic corps, we'll need to, as mattis said, "buy more ammunition."   arguin… 
i commend dr. ford's bravery and am heartbroken by her testimony. the pursuit of truth has led us to this moment, i… 
you're honestly making this more cringey. 
say what you will, but trump is nothing if not a job creator for fact checkers.
had meaningful and interesting discussions with former presidents and prime ministers of ukraine, croatia, bosnia,… 
how can any senator, regardless of their politics? 
it isn't avenatti's word here, mr. trump, it is the word of three women who have risked ridicule, character assassi… 
 : if the senate gop want to treat dr. ford’s testimony like she’s in a courtroom, they should point all of us to a courtroom…
disturbing allegation. no question that a serious investigation is required. senate republicans cannot in good cons… 
thank you everyone for the kind birthday wishes!
glad there will be a vote this week by the port authority on increasing minimum wage for airport workers. this woul… 
elections. have. consequences.  this is one of the most consequential elections, so don't sit on the sidelines. use… 
americans aren't buying what the gop is selling: tax cuts for major corporations, and welfare cuts for the people w… 
the orwellian censoring of critical or unflattering information is anathema to democracy, and a hallmark of state-r… 
 : voting ensures our ideals are represented, in city councils, statehouses, and at the highest levels of government. those who…
  thank you!!
trump’s escalating tariff war is little more than a game of chicken with china. it does nothing for u.s. interests… 
 : the nyt reiterating that they did not “decline” or “pass” on the ramirez story as claimed by several conservative politici…
if there was any doubt that the world is laughing at or shocked silent by president trump, the #unga chamber is now visual proof.
 : 🇨🇺congressman  talked to the press after meeting with the president of cuba miguel díaz canel in #newyorkcity…
 : congressman  talked to the press after meeting with the president of cuba miguel díaz canel in #newyorkcity…
 : the president’s defense team is rooting for him to fire rosenstein, saying it should mean a “time out” in the mueller in…
 with that level of confidence, senator hatch must be privy to some fbi investigation the rest of us haven't been made aware of.
had the pleasure of touring the  at , slated to open in  and provide , good jobs for ou… 
now the integrity of our institutions and the courage of republicans in congress to put country over party will be… 
and that is still plenty of time for the fbi to conduct an investigation beforehand, if republicans hadn't already… 
because "when in doubt, double down" has been working wonders so far. 
as a proud member of the  and a graduate from an hbcu, , i am happy to celebrate their c… 
in other words, it was obvious to everyone that your politically motivated stunt jeopardizes national security. goo… 
omitting that victims often suppress their trauma because they fear that some (like, say, the president and senator… 
"the adults in the room" are either being locked out or ignored, and america's standing as an arbiter of justice an… 
 : today we joined     to announce downtown #farrockaway revitalization plans https://t.…
as the walls close in around the president and his cabal of criminals, expect sabotage and distraction. 
what follows from this is a complete erosion of trust with the immigrant community, and the perpetual detention of… 
though we may be unable to prevent nature's unstoppable forces, like #hurricanemaria, a nation as capable as the un… 
who would've thought politicizing foreign policy, isolating your closest allies, and unilaterally pulling out of jc… 
the "budget-hawk" republicans' grand strategy:  step : give billionaires &amp; corps massive tax cuts (to buyback stoc… 
 : dr. blasey ford is calling for an impartial fbi investigation of her serious and credible allegations. meanwhile republi…
 : . just claimed that re-opening kavanaugh’s official background investigation isn’t something the fbi does…
to everyone observing #yomkippur this evening, i wish you a deeply meaningful holiday of self-reflection and peace. 
the president has spiralled us into a multi-front trade war, and the eastern front will fall hardest on struggling… 
 : at the start of this new work week, it’s important to remember that these five men used to work for  but n…
in selectively releasing documents related to the #russiaprobe, trump is pulling another self-serving partisan stun… 
given this administration, "heard... but not listened to." 
 : the constitution states that the federal district shall not exceed  sq miles. my #dcstatehood bill shrinks the capital…
the years of consistency #kavanaugh's accuser had speaking about the incident warrants that the senate holds off co… 
 : needless to say, there’s a huge difference between an isolated slip of the tongue and ceaseless, shameless, and witless pre…
 : . talks to the root about the importance of the russia investigation and the racial implications of kremlin me…
it is time for a new strategy to address the racial inequities in the housing industry, housing finance system. rea… 
provided mr. manafort doesn't continue hitching his wagon to trump and a pardon, this marks a major milestone for m… 
 : icymi: rm  and tri-caucus chairs , , , , and …
honored to join my good friend tom farrington at phen's african american prostate cancer disparity forum, helping r… 
honored to share the stage with ranking member of the small business and entrepreneurship committee, … 
the gop today obstructed our attempts to obtain wh documents pertaining to the unsettling trump-putin meeting. this… 
 : i guess the point of this insane video is to surreptitiously admit that they did do it? 
my statement regarding trump's denial of hurricane maria's death toll, and the administration's underwhelming recov… 
before social security, half of all seniors lived and died in poverty. the gop's platform is to gut our social safe… 
 : fintech boards &amp; c suites need to have diverse representation,  &amp;  say at #bgovfintech https…
you want to lie to protect yourself from mueller's investigation? to protect your poll numbers? we've come to expec… 
 : today at the u.s. capitol, we were also honored with the presence of representatives  and , co-…
honored to be presented with this award by the memorial foundation, which built martin luther king jr.''s memorial… 
trump accuses democrats of trying to "turn america into venezuela"... while proposing to print money and risk the c… 
if the last two years have shown anything, it’s that elections have consequences. get registered. #vote 
leaving americans under-equipped and vulnerable to real threats, just to forcefully crack down on imagined ones... 
this solemn morning i gathered with the community at jfk airport to pay our respects to those we lost on /.… 
on this th anniversary, we remember the victims of #sept and mourn collectively as a city, as a nation. we than… 
when the "businessman" president muddles up the difference between annual and quarterly gdp growth. 
wishing everyone observing #roshhashanah this evening a joyous new year of renewed possibilities. 
not sunday, but  is taking us to church.  , take notes.
trafficking in racism to stay in power, so billionaires get tax cuts while safetynets get gutted. alienating our al… 
if we're going to start conducting lie detector tests, we should start with  
 : black caucus says kavanaugh nomination is threat to voting rights #whatatstake #stopkavanaugh 
we cannot allow this ongoing crisis to be buried under the dozens of headlines trump generates a day. there are sti… 
honored to meet with the minister of foreign affairs of colombia, carlos holmes trujillo, to discuss our nations’ s… 
thanks to 's civil disobedience, the public can see for themselves that the gop is acting in bad faith w… 
 : of all the people to do this with, woodward is really not the one to choose. 
whether you respect the author's covert call of duty, or you consider anything short of resignation and condemnatio… 
jamaica raised and  educated! on behalf of the district, congratulations to mark mason on becoming citig… 
senator leahy asks kavanaugh whether he believes a president can pardon himself, or offer witnesses a pardon in exc… 
kelly's story is a reminder of what health coverage was in america before the aca, when preexisting conditions coul… 
"dowd and trump's current personal attorney jay sekulow went to mueller's office... to argue that trump couldn't po… 
on that subject: donald trump, who is under intense scrutiny over perpetrating and boasting about sexual assault, h… 
"obamacare is the most conservative option for covering pre-existing conditions" and any republican alternative has… 
perfect weather for marching with , lt. gov  and public advocate  in the… 
from the minimum wage &amp; sick pay to the  hour work week, the rights we benefit from today were fought for by unio… 
negotiating with mexico alone while alienating canada with heavy handed threats is no way to improve upon nafta. th… 
 : why don’t you have the spine to say it publicly? who speaks anonymously? isn’t that fake news? 
right, the timing of his ouster was a coincidence, like how you expressed interest in lifting russian sanctions dur… 
 : this has been debunked. be careful, , those “anonymous sources” will get you every time. …
 years ago from this day, dr. king stood on the steps of the lincoln memorial and delivered his famous "i have a…   : election day is just ️⃣ week from today! you can get ready to cast your ballot now ➡️  …
 : the president of the united states just threatened to defy the constitution as a political stunt the week before an el…
i’ll never stop fighting for the rights of women and their families. honored to receive a % rating from #aauw fo… 
powerful stories told by americans who survived gun violence. every member of congress should read this. it’s up to… 
“we have to recognize where we have been, or we have no way of knowing how we got to where we are.”  always glad to… 
don’t let president trump lie to you. republicans are not working #forthepeople -- they’ve been trying to gut affor… 
the teen pregnancy prevention program works. yet, at every opportunity, trump has tried to decimate it.   we can’t… 
the weather service has issued a red flag warning for parts of the bay area. please stay vigilant – fire season isn… 
 : fire season is not over yet.  fire weather watches are currently in effect for the north mts and east bay hills.  #onelesss…
 : i am hearbroken by the tragic shooting in matthews. i am praying for the victim's family and the community. we must come…
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
my heart is with the tree of life congregation and the squirrel hill community. as we mourn this senseless tragedy,… 
california is pulling together and rebuilding after a difficult wildfire season, thanks to the hard work of our fir… 
us involvement in the war in yemen has never been voted on by congress.  we must end this shameful abdication of ou… 
public officials, private citizens and journalists have been the target of attempted bombings. but all president tr… 
. has spent years trying to roll back protections for those with pre-existing conditions and sabotaging af… 
our federal minimum wage is a poverty wage – americans shouldn’t have to work  or  jobs to afford the basics like… 
president trump needs to tone down the rhetoric and apologize to the dedicated journalists who work around the cloc… 
our #eastbay community is bearing the brunt of this housing crisis. this report is a wakeup call - we must work urg… 
my prayers are with all those impacted by #yutu in the northern mariana islands yesterday. congress needs to ensure… 
powerful journalism from . hear the stories of so many americans who have lost loved ones or survived gun viol… 
we must work together to break down barriers in our #eastbay community. join me and alameda county supervisor… 
💪🏾 
yemen is in a state of emergency – a humanitarian disaster at the hands of the saudi alliance. i’m fighting in cong… 
repeating this lie won’t make it true. the gop has been trying to rip health care away from millions of americans f… 
my prayers are with all those impacted by #yutu in saipan, tinian, rota, and guam. please stay safe and listen to y… 
 : happy #unday! as the  entity dedicated to gender equality &amp; women's empowerment, we work for a #planet where every wom…
 : happy #unday! at  years old, the un continues to make a difference in the lives of everyone, everywhere. find out more here: http…
 : as we learn more about the attempted attacks against the clintons, pres. obama, , cnn, and others, i’m grat…
 : threats of violence, though not a new concern for elected leaders or their staffs, have no place in our democracy. i'm…
 : the multiple terrorist threats, including at 's time warner center on the uws, must be condemned and the perpetrato…
violence is absolutely unacceptable. those responsible for these acts of terrorism must be brought justice. my pray… 
thank you to  and oakland’s  for standing up for justice. we won’t let president tru… 
no one should have to live in fear of gun violence. democrats are working to get these weapons of war off the stree… 
the trump administration is doing everything they can to chip away at healthcare for americans with pre-existing co… 
here’s a clue: if you’re worried that too many people will “exercise their right to vote,” you’re on the wrong side… 
i’m very concerned by the trump admin’s decision to withdraw from the #inf treaty. we should be reducing the threat… 
corporations are making record profits. wall street is raking in billions. but many americans have less money in th… 
no one should have to choose between paying their bills and staying healthy and safe. congress must pass the pregna… 
while  have been fighting #forthepeople,  has spent the last year trying to repeal healthca… 
this is a flat out lie. the #goptaxscam isn’t #forthepeople – it’s rigging the system further and further against w… 
 : the deadline to register to #vote in california is today: monday, oct .   pass it on.   #election 
 : this nation's darkest days have always come when our government deemed civil rights conditional. ’s ongo…
if you missed yesterday’s #shakeout, make sure you’re earthquake-ready – secure items to your walls, make a family… 
such an honor to speak at the california association of black social workers’  symposium, focused on addressing… 
millions of our loved ones could lose their health care if  guts protections for pre-existing conditions.… 
instead of smearing jamal khashoggi at president trump’s behest,  should be working with us to hold saudi… 
 : the truth: climate change is real, family separation causes irreparable harm to children, russia continues to undermine d…
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
. thinks they can get away with cutting medicare and social security to pay for their trillion dollar… 
american families know the truth about the #goptaxscam:  it was never #forthepeople – it was crafted to benefit the… 
social security, #snap &amp; other programs prevented  million(!) americans from falling into poverty last year.   th… 
in california alone, . million people could lose their healthcare if the trump administration guts the #aca. i’m… 
 : it doesn’t matter if you’re republican, democrat, or independent — if congress doesn’t restore #netneutrality, you’ll be p…
% of all people living with #hiv in the u.s. are hispanic/latinx.  out of every  are unaware of their status.… 
“do you pay the hospital bill or do you pay the utility bill? we’re part of that percentage of america that are one… 
this is a win for students across the us, who were exploited by fraudulent, predatory lenders.  and we won’t forget… 
. thinks massive new tax cuts for billionaires should be paid for with your social security and medicare.… 
president trump &amp; ’s america: where billionaires get corporate welfare while children and seniors go hungr… 
 : president  doesn't have time for these  excuses not to vote. 
what an incredible honor – thank you, . i’m proud to work alongside you to fight discrimination and ensure all… 
 : gender discrimination means that women have far fewer resources to cope with poverty, which results in losses for the entire…
 : on wednesday's #endpoverty day, help achieve the #globalgoals for a world of dignity and human rights for all by : https://t.co…
saudi arabia, with u.s. backing, is starving millions of civilians.   congress could end u.s. complicity in this wa… 
 : “if epa won't let me tell about how children are being poisoned, i'll just tell the mothers and fathers directly. i ha…
i just don’t know how any member of  can look at this chart, and then justify making seniors living on a f… 
 : join us at the #shakeout earthquake preparedness fair at civic center park this thursday from :am-pm. we'll have a…
 : #goptaxscam &amp; cynical agenda: massive, unpaid-for handouts to big corporations - then stick seniors, children &amp; families…
 : house republicans exploded the deficit with their #goptaxscam for the wealthy and big corporations, and now they're go…
the gop playbook isn’t complicated.  step : explode the deficit with huge tax breaks to billionaires. step : cut… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
 : a frightening preview of congressional republicans’ next agenda item. the #goptaxscam didn’t just blow a massive hole in…
. open enrollment starts today! don’t wait—make sure you and your family are covered in the new year.  si… 
when republicans choose not to expand medicaid, they gamble with people’s lives. every american – no matter their z… 
 : climate will not “change back again.”   we don’t have to lose “millions and millions of jobs.”   trump is risking millions…
my friend  has been leading on #immigrantjustice for years. i’m deeply grateful for her passion, ene… 
 : the trump administration has proposed yet another cruel rule that restricts immigrants’ access to green cards if they hav…
heartbreaking look at the consequences of the trump administration’s expanded #globalgagrule.  this shortsighted, d… 
 : i welcome the bipartisan condemnation of saudi arabia for the appalling disappearance of jamal khashoggi. the president’s…
had a great time with my colleagues today. we’ve got work to do in the next congress and in our communities to ensu… 
health disparities are intimately linked to institutional and structural racism. when more women of color participa… 
there’s still room at my event in oakland tomorrow on expanding opportunities for women of color in the health, env… 
 : i am horrified by these reports that a  journalist was killed by the saudi government. does anyone still belie…
there are more than  million #latinas in the workforce. but despite their vital contributions, latinas face one o… 
new report: % of tax breaks in the #goptaxscam are going to white households – worsening the #racialwealthdivide… 
 : retirement should be something to look forward to, not fear. that's why we need a stronger social security that reflects th…
unsurprisingly, president trump’s op-ed was riddled with inaccuracies &amp; outright lies.   democrats are fighting… 
women of color are often shut out of opportunities in the tech industry. it’s time to change that.  join me,… 
the #goptaxscam, attacks on clean air and climate protections, and sabotage of the aca have disproportionately hurt… 
 :  in  people will experience a mental health condition at some point in their life?   more #worldmentalhealthday numbers in this…
my prayers are with the gulf coast. as #hurricanemichael makes landfall, please take shelter, heed your local offic… 
 : as hurricane #michael nears land, take shelter &amp; stay safe.  📱follow weather updates on your phone or radio.  🔹 in a tornado warn…
our democracy is strengthened by diversity and inclusion. i left my conversation with dr. dalia fahmy,… 
beautiful weekend for our annual  flag raising ceremony! i’m so proud of our #eastbay community’s commitment to… 
congrats to oakland and berkeley for near-perfect scores on ’s equality index. proud to see the #eastbay leadin… 
this  report should concern everyone. #climatechange is an emergency now – and if we do nothing, much of our pla… 
once again, in an effort to sabotage the health care markets, the trump admin will be shutting down… 
 : a -year-old in court. our immigration system is so deeply broken and in need of reform. 
climate change is here. it’s destroying our planet. and we will all be affected if we do nothing.   congress can’t… 
women of color are the backbones of our communities. join me and members of the black women &amp; girls caucus for a to… 
this confirmation was a scam &amp; a disgrace. to the millions of women, survivors, &amp; americans of all walks of life wh… 
 : to all the survivors who are hurting right now: do not lose hope. your stories, your pain have shaken a nation awake, and t…
 : i've seen the fbi "report" on brett kavanaugh.  things are clear: ❌this wasn't a full or fair investigation. ❌ it doesn't e…
 : i’ll be voting no on judge kavanaugh’s confirmation tomorrow, and on behalf of dr. ford and survivors everywhere, i’m beg…
 : as he has made clear on several occasions, president trump wants to stack the court with justices who will overturn roe v.…
 : the process that took place over the last few weeks with kavanaugh’s nomination was shameful. we should have learned from…
 : .: in his testimony last thursday, judge kavanaugh “launched into a partisan, political screed that contradicte…
 : this process has left the american people with more questions than answers. this has not been a search for the truth.…
at the commonwealth club tonight to discuss #scotus,  #forthepeople agenda on expanding health care,… 
this fight is not over – the senate won’t vote on confirming judge kavanaugh until this weekend. make your voice he… 
 million us citizens in  guam, puerto rico, the virgin islands are denied their voting rights in presidential elec… 
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
 years ago,  marched to the senate to support anita hill. it breaks my heart that we are still figh… 
congratulations to my dear friend, our warrior for peace and justice, . you are an inspiration to us al… 
congratulations to oakland’s cynthia carey-grant, who was named a co-chair for #aids! cynthia has been helping… 
 : it's official. president trump has set the refugee cap for fy at ,, claiming "national interest" as the justif…
 : “as an early epicentre of the epidemic, none of us were untouched by the devastating toll of the aids crisis. in the y…
inspired by the thousands of women and men who marched today. you are what democracy looks like. #believewomen… 
tps recipients are our neighbors, coworkers, friends – they’re a part of our american community.    the court is ri… 
i wish i could say i was surprised by this disgraceful press conference – but the fact is this is how the republica… 
ignoring scientific research won’t make us safer – it’ll only harm public health, worsen climate change, and irrepa… 
thank you for an amazing season, . you will always be heroes to the town. #rootedinoakland 
 : we've worked all year for this! time to #winforherotown!   #playball 
let’s go #oakland! we’re all rooting for you! ⚾️🌳❤️ 
a record-breaking , americans registered to vote in one day. the power is with the people -- make sure your v… 
flint, compton, appalachia – across the us, families are living without safe drinking water.   americans – no matte… 
the trump administration is sidelining the  office of children health protection.   as if it wasn’t clear befor… 
 : florida hasn’t forgotten the effects of #deepwaterhorizon to our environment and coastal communities. the administrati…
“what we have to change is the way that the world receives women’s anger.”  thanks for sharing my story – and the s… 
by omitting women’s #reprorights from their human rights reports, trump’s  is sending a clear message tha… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
president trump is using his bully pulpit to bully and mock sexual assault survivors.  this is an ugly low, even fo… 
 : we've been waiting for this moment. tonight, we take the field to #winforherotown 
yikes. at a time when we need unity and cooperation, the trump administration has managed to alienate almost all of… 
we know climate change is real. we know it’s a threat to our planet and all its inhabitants – including our childre… 
as former congressional rep to the , i know that our actions there have far-reaching consequences. this policy c… 
 : on october , ,  years ago, president lyndon johnson signed the national trails and wild &amp; scenic rivers acts, e…
congress should follow the #eastbay’s lead and #raisethewage!    #fightfor is just the beginning – we need federa… 
. research saves lives. more evidence today with this profound recognition of dr. james allison’s lifesa… 
beautiful celebration of ms. dorothy king, whose activism and entrepreneurship make the #eastbay proud. thanks for… 
excited for the next act of   - the #eastbay will be lucky to have you ! 
new study: the system is rigged to keep communities of color and low-income families from ever escaping the cycle o… 
all women – regardless of race, income or zipcode – should have the right to comprehensive reproductive care, inclu… 
in the trump economy, workers are getting squeezed for every penny they have. families don’t have enough to cover t… 
“this political moment has provoked a period in which more and more women have been in no mood to dress their fury… 
 : one year later, we remember the  killed and the many still suffering from that harrowing night. in this morning's …
the trump administration is moving thousands of kids into “tent cities” in the desert – which really should be call… 
pay attention californians – once again, the trump administration is trying silence your voice on #netneutrality. t… 
this is a historic moment. thank you, , for standing with survivors. 
work requirements do nothing to help the poor. the trump administration is not working #forthepeople – they’re puni… 
 out of  americans have less than one year’s income saved in retirement accounts.  congress needs to do more to e… 
in honor of #hispanicheritagemonth, i want to recognize tim and maria sanchez whose oakland-based  n… 
this #hispanicheritagemonth, i want to recognize hector preciado, an emerging leader who’s spent his career buildin… 
even after this incredibly difficult week, i still have hope.  today, we are one step closer to bringing president… 
the atrocities in yemen are hard to comprehend. widespread famine, an unchecked cholera outbreak, and countless inn… 
seen outside my #oakland office this week. to all the survivors in the #eastbay and across the us – i believe you,… 
this #hispanicheritagemonth, i want to recognize lili gangas, a leader in tech tackling some of the biggest social… 
while senate republicans were advancing a #scotus nominee accused of sexual assault, their  colleagues pas… 
i’ll never forget today. we #believesurvivors – and we refuse to sit idly by as republicans rush through this unfit… 
let’s be clear: republicans are rushing this nomination through in an effort to derail any serious investigation of… 
 : like millions of women across this nation, dr. ford’s pain cut right to the core for so many who live in silence afraid to spea…
 : proud to march with my colleagues to the senate to protest the senate judiciary committee’s planned vote on judge kavanau…
 : women are standing in silent protest at the back of the judiciary committee room. they're now being led out by security. http…
we heard the words of dr. christine blasey ford. we witnessed her bravery and her pain.  i'm sitting in the senate… 
 : at least  members of congress are now outside the judiciary hearing room calling for a delay to the nomination process.…
 : in the judiciary hearing room with  of my female house colleagues. #mepolitics 
at the senate judiciary committee to demand they vote #nokavanaugh. we won’t be turned away. #believewomen… 
 : waiting to be let in to the senate judiciary committee room to oppose judge kavanaugh’s confirmation vote with my colleague…
 : marching with colleagues to senate steps to say we need a full fbi investigation before any vote on #kavanaugh. #believ…
 : a group of democratic women from the house—and a few men—gathered on the capitol steps, senate side, and is now marching to…
today, dr. blasey ford showed incredible courage and grace in the face of terrible trauma.  judge kavanaugh should… 
 : we commend dr. christine blasey ford for her grace and courage as she faced the senate judiciary committee and the cou…
 : attractive and pleasing?????  how about honest, inspiring and brave????  this is exactly why republican senators were to…
 : they’re prosecuting a victim. cross-examining a survivor. last time i checked she wasn’t the one asking our country for…
 : right now, many survivors of sexual assault are reliving trauma. if you’re a survivor, know that you are not alone. if…
 : this morning, i hand-delivered a statement, signed by  democratic members, to , urging an immediate post…
 : this morning i joined  and marched to the  urging him to #postponethevote on kavaaugh until an…
 : happening now!  delivering a letter to  calling to #postponethevote on kavanaugh until there is a…
i have the privilege to call anita hill my friend. to this day, i admire her courage – just as i admire the courage… 
 : the ⁦⁩ heading to ⁦⁦⁩ to tell him we have her back, and we’re not going back. …
christine blasey ford, deborah ramirez, and julie swetnick have shown remarkable courage, coming forward despite th… 
we can achieve universal health care. in the richest nation on earth, no one should have to forgo treatment or go b… 
“treating immigrants as public charges is based on the unfair principle that income and wealth determine one’s valu… 
. is doubling down on their scheme to consolidate wealth among billionaires &amp; corporations with the… 
 years ago, black women took a full page in the  to stand with anita hill. today, , allies follow in… 
congress has never voted on the war in yemen – but that hasn’t stopped the white house from supporting and aiding t… 
 : . are fighting for the issues that matter to everyday americans by pushing back against the corrupt trump…
 : climate change is causing the release of methane that has been trapped in arctic permafrost for centuries—which could lea…
 : “we know that so many people living below the poverty line are working, and struggling—working two jobs just to make ends…
release of monarch butterflies at the capitol…mine almost got me!   i hope it has a safe migration south this fall.… 
let’s go #oakland! postseason, here we come ⚾️🎉 
“real, sustainable peace does not come about by chance. it is hard and sometimes expensive work to support countrie… 
 : . continues to ignore the growing number of sexual assault allegations against #brettkavanaugh in a frantic…
“we all have a lot to lose if we put a time limit on telling the truth about sexual assault and if we hold on to th… 
your vote and your voice matter.   the election is just  days from now. check your registration today to make sur… 
women – especially women of color – are the backbones of our communities and soul of the resistance. and this fall,… 
pres trump’s comments at #unga were outrageous. but more than that – they were a missed opportunity.   the us could… 
 : clinched!   #herotown is in the postseason! 
the brave survivors and allies who walked out today inspire me. i will keep fighting for a world where all women ar… 
how is the trump administration paying to imprison thousands of children? by stealing from cancer research, public…  anti-semitism has no place in our world. i condemn today's act of hate. my deepest condolences to the victims and their families.
if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning… 
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be… 

wishing you a happy labor day! today we celebrate the middle class and the unions that protect them. america’s econ… 
john mccain honorably served our nation for decades. the loss of his voice is a loss that will be felt around the g… 
today, i mourn the loss of gerry lenfest. he will be deeply missed but his legacy will continue to impact for gener… 
 : . is using this nomination as a destructive tool on a generation of progress for workers, women, lgbtq peo…
wishing everyone a very happy and safe th of july!
today’s #scotus decision is a terrible mistake. unions like  and  use fair share fees to bargain fo… 
no executive order could ever reverse the psychological trauma inflicted upon these children who were stripped from… 
i am appalled by the disgraceful trump policy of ripping babies out of their mothers’ arms. let mike pence know how… 
i join  in urging the white house to follow through with proposed changes to the epa's renewable fuel… 
on this memorial day, taking time to remember the brave souls who sacrificed all for our nation. we will always rem… 
children on #snap are more likely to graduate, break the cycle of poverty, and contribute to a productive and effic… 
i have selected the artwork of danelly cabrera, a th grade student at frankford high to represent the st distric… 
proud to support the  from philadelphia energy solutions and monroe energy. philadelphia and delco ref… 
i am pleased to introduce a private bill on behalf of carmela hernandez and her  kids, who have been living in san… 
the #paycheckfairnessact would help close the #wagegap by giving workers stronger tools to combat wage discrimination. #equalpayday #talkpay
today, i joined , , , , and  at a … 
it was great to meet with representatives of the human rights campaign.  thanks for all the hard work you do on… 
to the students who are making their voices heard: i hear you. i support you. i will fight for you. #enoughisenough
 : , pairs of shoes. , children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in .   this. has. to. stop.…
no child should live in fear. thanks to , ,  &amp;  for joining me in st… 
carmella hernandez is a mexican immigrant who is fleeing awful violence. she is living in sanctuary at the church o… 
 : this private bill will get the attention of ice. carmela is not fighting alone. -  #carmelalibre #heretostay https:/…
 : líderes locales se unen con  al apoyar a carmela hernández y su familia. ellos llevan casi  meses viviendo en san…
 : . thanking  for taking a strong stand of support for carmela and her family. #carmelalibre #phled http…
i am ashamed to be a member of the us house of representatives on a day when we have yet another school massacre. i… 
to say that my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of yet another tragic shooting is not enough. it is clear… 
 : . from massachusetts made a little #sblii wager with , and now it's time to pay up.  #flyeaglesfly http…
 sorry. not sorry.  #flyeagelsfly 
i am on the house floor managing two bills i wrote to protect congressional staff from sexual harassment.  watch he… 
congratulations . you brought it home. #lombardiinphilly
the government should be open &amp; working for the american people. instead, the  &amp;  chose to bring about the #trumpshutdown
reforming the congressional accountability act for a better congressional workplace | congressman robert brady 
 : addressing workplace safety and #sexualharassment is a bipartisan issue. thank you to   …
 : today we introduced a bill to reform the congressional accountability act – focusing on protecting employees, strengthen…
immigrants who come as family are workers, entrepreneurs, caregivers, teachers, and neighbors. #valueourfamilies #nofamilyban
as our country reflects on the life of rev. dr. martin luther king, jr., our leaders should remember that his missi… 
i strongly condemn the racist comments made by donald trump. the comments were classless, un-american, and beneath the dignity of his office
the administration’s decision to end tps for el salvadorans is cruel and heartless. to the more than , pennsylv… 
gop must reauthorize chip now! us kids % more likely to die before adulthood than kids in other rich countries. 
deeply saddened for the passing of lieutenant matthew letorneau. praying for his family, friends, and all members of the .
i’m voting against the #goptaxscam because it takes away health coverage for  million americans and raises everyone else’s premiums by %
i am calling on the  to delay the vote to repeal #netneutrality.
congratulations to lucas, david, kenneth, and jon, the creators of c's swiss army app, pa’s st district’s congress… 
proud to stand with  opposing #hr.  this bill jeopardizes the health, well-being and safety of our communities. #opposeccr
i am opposed to the trump #netneutraility plan. i continue to support fair access to the internet for everyone.
now: on house floor in support of h.res. , introduced by . the bill requires annual sexual harassment training in the house.
nearly  patriotic dreamers who are currently serving our nation in uniform deserve a permanent solution. #protectdreamers
 :  – thank you . for your proposal to require mandatory #sexualharassment training &amp; requiring the offi…
 :  - the congressional workplace should have zero tolerance for #sexualharassment and any kind of discrimination
today and everyday, thank you to the men and women who sacrifice so much so that the rest of us can have peace and freedom. #veteransday
you can officially #getcoverednow for . visit  to find a plan that works for you.
join us 
pleased pa received extension for real id through october , . current pa ids will allow you to board commercial aircraft through then.
how many times are we going to say "our hearts and prayers are with the families of those killed" before we take action on gun reform?
trump's decision to end #daca is heartless and irresponsible. destroying the lives of young americans doesn't help america.
today, i am remembering  and the #marchonwashington for equality of african americans. thank you to all those who fight for the dream.
septa should shut down norristown high speed line and utilize shuttle buses while investigation of crash continues.  
trump has once again shared his core feelings by choosing to defend racists and those who support nazism rather than the american people.
as americans we can never stop standing up and denouncing violence and bigotry. we must band together to fight the scourge of hate.
today we celebrate the nd anniversary of #medicare &amp; #medicaid and vow to protect them for american families.
proud to support the muhammad ali expansion act, which extends boxing protections in current law to mixed martial a… 
vital position to combat anti-semitism hasn’t been filled at state department. i sent a letter to president trump urging immediate action.
happy independence day! 
 : yesterday marked the th anniv. of shelby v. holder. it’s time to restore full power to the #votingrights act. https://t…
i joined federal lawsuit challenging president trump’s violation of constitution’s anti-corruption clause. 
every day, philly welcomes refugees who help our city thrive. on world refugee day, i stand #withrefugees in our city of brotherly love.
good news for pa: department of homeland security has agreed to extend acceptance of pennsylvania driver's licenses until oct. , .
 :  says that finally our coming to an agreement on this site is a testament to how  has gotten thin…
 : the  has just announced that  has come to an agreement with conrail to clean and secure th…
my thoughts and prayers are with rep. scalise and all those affected this morning. i am thankful for the bravery of the us capitol police.
the decision by the trump administration to withdraw from the #parisclimatedeal is simply irresponsible. 
taking time today to remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice serving our country.  we honor their bravery and service.
i joined   in demanding trump end his efforts to sabotage &amp; undermine americans’ access to affordable, quality healthcare.
happening now: 
appointment of special counsel to oversee russia/trump is right decision but we still need independent commission. 
the main investigator of the russian attack on election has been fired. now, we need an independent special prosecutor more than ever.
house gop voted to make america sick again. i was proud to vote against this bill that takes away the right of healthcare. it's a sad day.
asthma, diabetes, cancer, arthritis &amp; pregnancy—just a few of the pre-existing conditions you could be charged more for under #trumpcare
pleased that democratic negotiators won an inclusion of $. million to alleviate an emergency budget shortfall in puerto rico.
i am pleased that democrats were able to fight off attempts to legislate cutting federal funds to so-called ‘sanctuary cities’.
i want to congratulate democratic negotiators who got the best possible deal for the american people in the delayed fy omnibus.
/ our police deserve all the training and equipment funding they can get in order to protect our citizens without such a ridiculous threat
pleased judge orrick issued preliminary injunction to block trump’s threat to strip funding from so called sanctuary cities like phila. /
it was a tremendous honor to participate in the unveiling of the pow-mia chair in city hall. "you are not forgotten… 
i urge speaker ryan to address puerto rico’s medicaid cliff. without help, an estimated , americans will be without health coverage.
our mothers, daughters, &amp; sisters deserve their fair share. it’s time to close the pay gap. #equalpayday
thanks  for your support! 
 : every single republican who votes for #trumpcare will have this moral monstrosity tattooed to their foreheads forever. eve…
 : this is outrageous: not a single woman in the room as  and  propose removing maternity coverage in #tr…
#trumpcare’s cuts to medicaid will hurt working families, children, americans with disabilities, and seniors. #paymoreforless
it’s shameful that the  is undermining medicare in order to provide tax cuts to the wealthy. #trumpcare #paymoreforless
horrified by hateful attack on the lgbt pride flag in -it's an attack on entire lgbt community and american values #standwithlgbt
gop has not held a single hearing on their #paymoreforless bill, so democrats held one today to ask the questions americans want answered.
thank you  for all your great work! 
a big congratulations to my staffer colleen carlos, the recipient of women in government relations'  congressional staff award! 
i am saddened and outraged by the hateful destruction at mount carmel jewish cemetery. 
i am proud to cosponsor 's #resolutionofinquiry #hres. we demand answers to the questions about trump's ties to russia.
...but, the trump order discriminates against those identified as muslims, following their faith.   
my catholic family came to this country in search of the american dream and was welcomed here. ...
my thoughts and prayers are with those injured in today's  crash in upper darby. glad to hear no life threatening injuries. 
i am proud to have earned an a grade on the national education association’s legislative report card.   
today, i signed a letter to house speaker expressing concern regarding efforts to undermine title x family planning. 
free black history program sat.  phila's forgotten hero:octavius v. catto. inspiring story of great civil rights activist.
 : "president trump doesn't have to publicly disclose his tax returns, now or ever. but..." #congresscanrequest  https://t.c…
 will uphold executive order protecting federal lgbtq employees-let's work to extend anti-discrimination protections to private sector
this action may be a death sentence for them and is an example of how brain dead policy is dangerous and destructive 
today marks the nd anniversary of the liberation of auschwitz. on this #internationalholocaustremembranceday and every day we #neverforget
i will be on  with  to discuss president trump’s outrageous claim that millions of people voted illegally.
 : . condemns president trump’s claim of voter fraud:  
president trump’s outrageous claim that millions of people have voted illegally is unconscionably dangerous to the future of our democracy.
on #mlkday we remember the work and sacrifice of dr. king. we honor him by our service, our voice, and our action. 
 : .: fundamental to our gov is the admin of free &amp; fair elections. eliminating the  is something cha dems…
thank you president obama. #obamafarewell 
thank you to the officers at , where my father served as a police officer. #takethelead
thank you , , , , ,  #takethelead
on this #lawenforcementappreciationday, thank you to all our public servants who risk their lives for us each and every day #takethelead
happy holidays from my family to yours. merry christmas! happy hanukkah!
happy to celebrate the opening of a new  in upper darby. great to see new jobs for local residents. 
#taxsecurity: don’t buy security software offered as a pop-up or by email. it’s likely a scam.  #irs
i am deeply concerned by the report of russian interference in the us election. i am calling for an immediate bipartisan probe.
remembering those we lost  years ago today. #pearlharborremembranceday 
 : proud to announce  &amp;  as ranking members of rules &amp; administration committees, respectively https…
today i was reelected democratic leader of the . gratified by support of my colleagues and honored by  nomination.
it’s time for a raise for america’s working families. i stand with workers across our nation. #fightfor 
fair wages &amp; union rights are the bedrock of the middle class. #povertydoesntfly #fightfor 
we need proven, strong leadership now more than ever. that's why i #standwithnancy! 
 : ty  for your support in including the #drbca in #wrda #delriverwatershed #philadelphia …
 i'm on page . 
no one with well-documented ties to white nationalism like steve bannon should be working in the white house. #nohateinwhitehouse
 :   for pow/mia chair dedication #gonebutneverforgotten 
 : at #oneemptyseat dedication, . proudly announces  bill to bring a chair to the capitol https://t.…
happy veterans day. thank you to all those who have served our country!
join me in honoring those who served our country today at the philadelphia veterans parade. it kicks off at pm fr… 
proud to support a celebration of   &amp; the men and women who serve aboard them in november! 
i am calling for an immediate dot investigation of ptc status in wake of today's cxs crash. hearing that ptc was installed but not active.
 : .: “there will be a fair and honest election…” 
i will be on  live speaking with  about the false charge of rigged elections.
honored to receive % on 's food policy scorecard! see more scores here:  #votefood 
 : , your voice such familiar tunes 👏. thank you for coming and showing support! #muralartsmonth …
proud to have received a % perfect score on 's congressional scorecard for supporting #lgbtq equality.
today is the #dayofthegirl. a reminder that we must work everyday for girls' equality and justice!
thank you  
proud to honor #murthalpd, commissioned today in philly, and named in honor of my friend and mentor rep john murt… 
 : voter registration deadline in penna is october th.  #election
today, and everyday, we remember those we lost on /. our nation moves forward but we #neverforget.
today is hunger action day - in the year , absolutely no child should go hungry #endhunger #hungeractionmonth
 : know a veteran that deserves to be recognized? share their story with us at phillyvetsparade.com …
happy #laborday to all and a special thanks to the union men and women who give so much to our great nation!
 : . shares with  harmful effects #cnr house version will have if remains unchanged: https://t.co…
happy th of july!  i hope today was filled with family, friends, and good memories. happy birthday america.
 : one of our own got shot down and we still did nothing! -  reflecting on inaction after shooting of …
i applaud #scotus decision to deny guns to domestic abusers. it's time republicans stop blocking  efforts to end gun violence
please keep the police officer shot in folcroft in your thoughts and prayers.
 is blocking the public from entering the house gallery to keep them from seeing this protest. disgraceful.  #nobillnobreak
currently protesting on the house floor-our nation deserves a vote on gun control legislation including my bill supporting local gun laws.
deeply appalled &amp; saddened by the innocent murders in #orlando. my prayers are with the victims of this hate crime and act of terrorism.
ramadan kareem. wishing muslims throughout philadelphia and delaware county a blessed holy month of #ramadan.
very concerned that verizon’s highly skilled union workforce is declining. i joined  colleagues against outsourcing good middle class jobs
 : amtrak train # sunset memorial ceremony &amp; candlelight vigil, tonight, pm,  wheatsheaf lane 
thinking of the #amtrak crash one year later. my thoughts are with the families of those lost, the injured, and our brave first responders.
child care is a necessity for most families with preschoolers bc households need  incomes to get by. let's expand access to #childcarenow!
thank you to the brave men and women aboard the .  our nation is grateful for your service. 
congratulations to shemar coombs of philadelphia as he participates in the  #whsciencefair today!  
congratulations to  on the upcoming launch of positive train control. more about septa's commitment to safety: 
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by today's tragic #amtrak crash in chester.
 :  &amp;  met the capitolpolice to discuss congressional security plans for the demconvention #philly htt…
my heartfelt thanks to the capitol police. thank you for protecting me and my fellow members, our staff, and our visitors - everyday.
devastating news out of #brussels. my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this horrendous attack.
wishing everyone the luck of the irish today. happy st. patrick's day!
thanks to  for his support of nazareth academy high school. : keep up the great work!
 :   needs your help. check out the #hugahero program  
proud to have passed bipartisan female veteran suicide prevention act to address rise in women vet suicide rates  #preventvetsuicide
my thoughts and prayers are with  officer jesse hartnett.
congratulations to my friend  . looking forward to working together for our city! #phl
congratulations  for completion of positive train control on northeast corridor - a step to make sure the past doesn't repeat itself.
planned parenthood plays a critical role in meeting the health care needs of low-income &amp; underserved men &amp; women across philly #standwithpp
wishing you and your family a very happy thanksgiving!
joining  members in support of a $ minimum wage. the time is now to end the injustice of poverty wages. 
 : flags at the us capitol have been lowered to half-staff until further notice to honor those who died in the tragedy in…
thank you to our veterans - today and everyday. it was an honor to be with so many of you during the veterans parade 
 : .: at last, philly has a parade to honor its #veterans 
a great day for a parade. join us for a fantastic salute to our veterans.  
taking time today to remember those we lost and to thank those who serve.  our nation and our lives move forward but we never forget.
welcome to philadelphia . i am excited for your global innovation center and the promise it brings! #axaltaattheyard
hoping today was one full of family , friends, and enjoyment while celebrating the workers that make this nation so great. happy labor day
proud to have supported the osha grant for the finishing trades institute of the mid-atlantic, which will be addressing workplace hazards.
wishing #jimmycarter well as he starts treatment. he is a tireless advocate for all things good. a true fighter who will keep fighting.
 : .  the border makes america great #usmxs international k 
from literacy tests to cutting early voting. from poll taxes to unnecessary voter ids. our county has more to do. #restorethevra #vra
 : . -obama call for criminal justice reform "resonates" in philly. "too many young ppl caught in poverty, crimin…
remove the display of any state flag that contains all or any portion of the confederate flag from the us house. 
wishing all a happy and safe th of july.
i applaud president obama's soon to be announced overtime rule that will raise wages and protect our middle-class workers.
today's decision is a victory for equality and love. 
#kingvburwell decision means hard-working american families will continue to enjoy the benefits of dependable, affordable health coverage!
 : .cosponsored vital legislation that restores key protections of voting rights act. read more here: … // – e-update federal aviation administration; federal budget; misguided effort to increase retirement savin… 
legislation on appropriations, water infrastructure, and anti-semitism, and a transportation subcommittee meeting o… 
in my latest e-update: #laborday; ukrainian independence day; massachusetts alliance of hud tenants; upham’s corner… 
trump administration's heartlessness has no end.  now they are targeting american citizens along the border for "ci… 
schools need funding for academics, arts &amp; mental health services for students. not guns. i joined  dems in call… 
obama's cfpb handled k student loan complaints and returned more than $m to student borrowers. the student loa… 
simply devastating news out of jacksonville, fl.  my heart breaks for the families who are grieving loved ones murd… 
senator john mccain dedicated his life to serving our country. his enduring legacy will be one rooted in service, c… 
in my latest newsletter, i cheer the end of an  pilot program of questionable value, detail my meeting w/… 
senator john mccain has dedicated his life to serving our country – as a decorated member of the military who survi… 
the internet has expanded opportunities for veterans--helping them to learn about health services, access education… 
congress must shield the mueller investigation from white house interference, and must begin its own.  i truly beli… 
paul manafort found guilty on  counts. michael cohen has pled guilty. don't forget michael flynn, rick gates &amp; geo… 
the longer we wait to address climate change the harder it is to halt its harmful effects. trump’s roll back of the… 
congratulations to the mbta on receiving $ million for positive train control.  this technology will save lives a… 
in my latest newsletter: ig to review quiet skies; district meetings with the  and partners healthcare… 
so  has reportedly cancelled his parade.  it's boggling he contemplated spending $m for unnecessa… 
a fair &amp; free press is vital to an informed society, protected by our constitution, not “the enemy of the people” a… 
john brennan served his country + yrs at highest levels of our national security agencies.  it’s troubling securi… 
troubling questions are being raised about the tsa’s quiet skies program &amp; the dhs inspector general’s quick respon… 
ben carson is gutting the fair housing act, which removes barriers to segregated housing - to him it's "social-engi… 
trump and his allies continue their campaign to undermine the fbi.  republicans held hours of hearings and turned u… 
on the anniversary of the violent white supremacist rally in charlottesville, va that led to tragic deaths we honor… 
in my latest newsletter i update my #behindthecurtain feature and report on my week in the district, including welc… 
some photos from yesterday's  address the stress day camp in milton. i enjoyed talking with parents,… 
the  hip hop transformation is in the news.  teens are exploring the arts &amp; sharing experiences thro… 
it’s a beautiful day to visit houghton’s pond in milton and talk with participants in the smart from the start prog… 
thanks to the residents of fuller village in milton for hosting me today. we had a substantive and thorough discuss… 
thanks  for hosting me today. i enjoyed talking with your students and answering their questions ab… 
 years ago president johnson signed the voting rights act into law. our right to vote is precious and it’s an imp… 
congratulations to william gross, officially sworn in as the city of boston’s police commissioner.  he is a true le… 
thanks to the railroad signalmen for inviting me to speak at their convention today. unions are under attack by the… 
more irresponsible tax cuts from #trump, the tsa's disturbing "quiet skies" surveillance program, my meetings with… 
tsa’s plan to eliminate security screenings at small and mid-sized airports is misguided and dangerous.  passenger… 
thanks to  for their report on employment discrimination loopholes based on misperceptions. congress must take… 
this is a troubling but not surprising article about blackstone, the largest landlord in us and one of the most uns… 
with  guilty pleas &amp;  indictments so far, mueller investigation isn't a witch hunt, hoax or stain.… 
plastic gun blueprints are on hold for now but congress must act quickly to ban proliferation of these weapons. thi… 
. $ billion tax maneuver is an outrageous, irresponsible drain on the federal budget. there is n… 
congratulations to the boston renegades  for continuing the mass winning tradition and bringing home th… 
in my latest newsletter: two bills that tamper with health care and add to the deficit, and a third that benefits h… 
trump and cong. republican sabotage of the affordable care act will increase premiums of a typical family of four b… 
the effort by some republicans to impeach deputy attorney general rod rosenstein is a panicked attack on the muelle… 
today's the deadline to reunite families torn apart at the border yet the crisis is far from over. some parents wer… 
sponsoring a resolution to condemn  for his shocking failure to confront putin in helsinki, who act… 
justice anthony kennedy opened the floodgates to unlimited corporate money in our elections, but even he believed i… 
congratulations to  , for earning $. million in federal funds from hud to develop a coordinated and… 
no one is above the law, but kavanaugh suggested govt should have let nixon’s conduct go unchecked &amp; let him assert… 
the congressional progressive caucus released the #peoplesbudget today. it reduces the  devastating… 
thank you commissioner evans for you hard work on behalf of the people of boston and congratulations to superintend… 
in my latest newsletter, i share my recent op-eds on #healthcare, and #scotus nominee #judgekavanaugh, and my thoug… 
in fact, one would have thought rejecting a travel ban against muslims would be an easy one - unconstitutional, vio… 
for those who say women have nothing to worry about because roe v. wade is settled law, take a look at the court’s… 
thanks to naral and pro-choice advocates everywhere for shining a light on the risk to roe v. wade with brett kavan… 
honored to be a founding member of the congressional medicare for all caucus. we are working hard to win guaranteed… 
health care is a human right. sharing my op-ed in the bay state banner: 
it can be fixed and we are going to fix it. we must all make sure our voices are heard every day.… 
i'm on my way to #confrontcorruption because  wouldn't defend our democracy on the world stage. i’m… 
 : impoant: today the house will vote on 's amendment which would eliminate a harmful secret money provi…
are you as angry as i am about donald trump’s refusal to defend our democracy on the world stage? are you outraged… 
trump’s treasury dept intentionally created a big loophole that eviscerates requirements for certain political nonp… 
judge kavanaugh does not belong on the supreme court. sharing my op-ed on this: 
 : today, more than  groups urge  and  to rule 's amendment in order. the amend…
trump’s press conference with putin was a disgrace. after insulting our democratic allies, he appears with a despot… 
my deepest condolences to the family of weymouth police officer michael chesna who was killed in the line of duty a… 
i have a lot to report on in my latest newsletter. #reuniteeverychild #scotus #strzokhearing #southsudan… 
this is clearly not a witch hunt and it’s not a hoax  and its long past time for you to face the ob… 
voting is one of our most sacred rights, and the basis of our entire democratic system. senate should be concerned… 
i wrote this letter last month and it’s clear that circumstances have gotten measurably worse for national grid emp… 
i've warned about commercial and governmental invasion of privacy before – it never stops or even slows down. just… 
the  admin won’t defend aca in court. easy to see this case making its way to the highest court in… 
so much is at stake with judge kavanaugh’s nomination, including women’s reproductive freedom. this is a very troub… 
today i filed the reunite separated families act of . it halts family deportation at border, requires trump adm… 
if you care about issues such as voting rights, reproductive freedom, consumer protection, worker rights, lgbtq rig… 
exorbitant cost of higher education means too many workers are burdened with student loan debt. happy to help #nteu… 
the equal protection of the laws.” the trump administration’s approach to the protections of the th amendment are… 
no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the united s… 
today is the th anniversary of the th amendment affirming the rights of all americans. here's section : “all… 
deeply troubling that national grid took aggressive action to lock out its employees and cut off their health care… 
in my latest newsletter, i share my reflections on independence day, report on my recent visits to elderly &amp; disabl… 
pruitt is gone but acting epa director andrew wheeler is not a policy improvement, with the same anti-environment a… 
easy to lose count but there are at least  federal investigations into former epa head scott pruitt’s questionabl… 
i spent some time today at the frank manning apartments in cambridge, talking with residents about a host of issues… 
the  administration working to reduce campus diversity initiatives &amp; attack affirmative action. hig… 
thanks to the residents of millers river apartments in cambridge for hosting me today – i enjoyed our conversation.… 
ma leading on strong clean car standards, helping environment &amp; protecting people from pollution. it's not enough f… 
this troubling washington post report raises serious questions about how private equity firms are taking advantage… 
so much energy today at the #familiesbelongtogethermarch where people in boston and all over the country are standi… 
in my latest newsletter, i discuss troubling news from #scotus; immigration and the crisis at the border; defense f… 
congratulations to the talented rubiyah isa, a student at boston latin, for winning the th cd’s congressional art… 
thanks to  for meeting with me to share their concerns about children being separated from their parent… 
i’m participating in tomorrow’s national day of action to keep families together, hope you can join us in boston!
keeping the capital gazette family in my heart and grieving for this senseless loss of life. journalists help all o… 
it’s the th anniv of supreme court decision upholding healthcare bill,  and republicans are still… 
candidate trump insisted that confirming a supreme court justice nine months before an election robbed the people o… 
the impact of justice kennedy’s retirement will reverberate for generations with so much at stake, from reproductiv… 
sharing with you more details about my trip to the texas border. i am more determined than ever to fight for the re… 
i disagree vehemently with today’s scotus ruling on public unions. it ignores + yrs of precedent to attack rights… 
i recently spoke about my experience visiting the border and was joined by some of my colleagues who were on the tr… 
today’s supreme court decision upholding  muslim ban is outrageous. his own words reveal exactly tr… 
it may have required more than  formal groundbreaking but we are well on our way to bringing the green line extens… 
let's be clear, yesterday's supreme court decision in abbott v. perez on texas congressional map undermines the vot… 
the latest “proposal” from  on immigration seeks to abolish due process for asylum-seekers. it’s ou… 
it’s a beautiful morning in somerville as we announce $ million in federal funds for the green line extension an… 
too many people are not being told what’s happening to their children. this is unacceptable and immoral. 
what i saw in texas broke my heart. there is no sign that the trump administration has a credible plan for reunitin… 
children being brought to this country and torn from their families will suffer a lifetime of consequences. it is i… 
i'm in texas because i thought it important to carry the message of my constituents who demand that… 
next stop - the border security station in mcallen, texas - expressing my very serious concerns and asking pointed… 
started our fact finding mission at the centralized processing center in texas, demanding more information about wh… 
in my latest newsletter: traveling to the u.s.-mexico border; two very bad immigration bills; waivers for states; p… 
the  administration has a moral obligation to reunite the children with their parents. i joined … 
i’ll be in texas tomorrow at the u.s.-mexico border to review trump’s inhumane family separation policy. i will report back on what i see.
and in the middle of the immigration debate with republicans pushing a bill to keep families in detention and fund… 
the immigration bills the house is considering are appallingly bad. there's no compromise, in fact, quite the oppos… 
standing with my colleagues  on the steps of the capitol demanding that the  adminis… 
i stand with   sponsoring the #keepfamiliestogetheract. if  won’t end this immora… 
what kind of immigration policy tears babies from the arms of their mothers ? your actions are acti… 
 : trump's pick to head the treasury's civil rights programs doesn't seem to think discrimination exists …
ripping children from the arms of their parents is not a partisan issue. every first lady has spoken out against th… 
trump is doing substantial and lasting damage to these innocent children just to show he is tough on immigration. t… 
there are near , children separated from their families right now.   were separated from their families at… 
president trump and his administration continue to bluster and lie about the unconscionable and cruel directive to… 
congratulations and thanks  for investing in  years of engineering education. 
in my latest newsletter: discrimination; a cruel and vindictive policy; constituent services; singapore summit; red… 
comptroller otting, the first step in reforming the community reinvestment act: stop giving banks the ok to discrim… 
so,  comptroller otting, please read this 
the man who says he’s never seen discrimination in america is ’s new bank regulator joe otting. pro… 
so ’s man in charge of making sure banks don’t discriminate against minorities told me he couldn’t… 
the point of the disaster housing assistance program is to provide affordable housing for natural disaster victims.… 
this report shows all that is wrong with  policy of detention and separation. this is doing long-te… 
so  hire joe otting from treasury’s comptroller of currency told me he’s never observed discriminat… 
thrilled to be with mayor , treasurer deb goldberg  and other leaders at somerville high… 
is  adopting a new practice that translates into “it’s ok to beat your wife”?? ag sessions says us… 
great to see mayor  this weekend and congratulations to the cape verdean police association for a succe… 
the public support for net neutrality is overwhelming and bipartisan, yet  and  make repeal of… 
in my latest newsletter: hypocritical spending and wrongheaded approach to the #budget; bipartisan water and public… 
the affordable care act is the law of the land no matter how much  wishes it wasn’t. by not defendi… 
 : transparency is vital in closing the gender and racial #paygap. data helps us id gaps &amp; come up with commonsense solutions to clo…
the #equalpayact became law  years ago yet the gender pay gap is still very real. this negatively impacts women a… 
it is a violation of our constitution every time trump’s companies take payments from foreign governments. while… 
i stand with over  colleagues demanding  withdraw the epa’s recently-proposed "transparency rule… 
wage discrimination is not a rare or isolated practice. it affects millions of women and minorities in the workplac… 
oral arguments begin thursday in our lawsuit against  demanding he comply with the constitution’s f… 
it seems  has been busy lately issuing executive orders attacking federal unions. actions include l… 
while the supreme court ruled in favor of #masterpiececakeshop, it’s important to note the court also underscored t… 
in my latest newsletter, i report on my week in the district. i visited , everett supply,… 
the skies may be cloudy but the enthusiasm is high celebrating the renovated longfellow bridge, built with union la… 
my own children went to head start so i know firsthand what a great program it is. thanks to  for inviti… 
i am looking forward to participating in tomorrow’s ceremonial ribbon cutting for the longfellow bridge, a project… 
 : our letter to , led by :   we need a prompt and thorough investigation into dealings between t…
thanks to the staff at teddie peanut butter as well as everett supply and true value hardware for spending some tim… 
tonight from : – : pm i’m holding a community meeting at the ray and joan kroc corps community center, locate… 
i was grateful to be in boston this memorial day afternoon at the puerto rican veterans monument, honoring our serv… 
in everett commemorating  memorial day and honoring the sacrifices of our women and men in uniform who lost their l… 
in chelsea this memorial day, honoring and remembering all those who gave their lives in service to our country. 
every time i think  reaches a new low, he goes even lower. ripping children from the arms of their… 
in my latest newsletter: honoring our military women and men, an upcoming community meeting in dorchester, an op-ed… 
proud to stand with #plannedparenthood at the #nogagrule rally in boston 
i stand with #plannedparenthood, joining the #nogagrule rally at boston city hall plaza today where i’ll speak at … 
some days it’s hard to find words for the heartlessness of  administration. it is outrageous that e… 
hope you can join me tonight from : – : pm for a telephone community meeting, just call -- and use… 
another disgraceful attack on women’s rights by , his administration is advancing changes to title… 
house republicans are on track to roll back essential consumer protections, including easing reporting requirements… 
the american people overwhelming support #netneutrality, yet ’s fcc voted to end it.  i’m calling f… 
sharing an op-ed i wrote for the bay state banner on the chaos of trump’s presidency and how that turmoil is maskin… 
great day for the haitian american unity parade, celebrating with  and randolph town councillor-at-larg… 
in my latest newsletter: my statements on gaza and today's school shooting in texas, details about upcoming virtual… 
the time for action on guns is long past. we owe it to the families in texas and everyone traumatized by gun violen… 
trump’s move to cut off funding for planned parenthood and others is disgraceful.  make no mistake, this dangerous… 
hope you can join me tonight at  pm for a telephone community meeting. just dial -- and use pin .… 
i’m proud to support a discharge resolution that would force a vote on daca in the house. #protectdreamers
president trump called human beings animals.  the declaration of independence reads: “we hold these truths to be se… 
hope you can join me at : tonight for my telephone community meeting. just call -- and use pin .… 
thank you ! #savetheinternet 
the senate has passed ’s resolution to save #netneutrality. this is an important victory for everyone who… 
the internet doesn’t belong to  or the , it belongs to all of us. #netneutrality ensures equal… 
honored to join the celebration of the third annual haitian heritage and flag day. special thanks to the everett ha… 
congratulations to somerville high school’s vocational award winners. it was an honor to celebrate your accomplishm… 
i join  ,  and  in calling on philips lighting to find another solution – workers… 
trump's drug price plan doesn't amount to much. even candidate trump supported giving medicare the power to negotia… 
in my latest newsletter: the #irandealwithdrawal, additions to my #behindthecurtain feature, and my thoughts on som… 
met with some constituents this morning to discuss the importance of protecting abortion access nationally. proud t… 
once again  chooses big corporations over people by eliminating net neutrality. without… 
hope you can join me for a telephone community meeting starting right now! just call -- and use pin … 
president trump's decision to back out of the iran deal could very well be the most dangerous action he has taken s… 
i won’t stop fighting for families who will be hurt by this. make no mistake – this isn’t about the deficit. trump… 
low income children and their families in communities all over our country rely on the children’s health insurance… 
proud to address the th annual meeting of mission hill neighborhood ​housing services last night honoring theresa… 
beautiful day for a rally in cambridge during affordable housing week of action. too many families can't afford to… 
in my latest newsletter: upcoming telephone community meetings, "behind the curtain" updates, and my visits around… 
congratulations to the boston to salem ferry on receiving a $. million grant from the federal transit administrat… 
the not-so-veiled threats directed at the justice department and special counsel mueller paint a bright line right… 
this should not be partisan.  constitution is clear – no pres can unilaterally engage in an act of war without cong… 
thanks to the east cambridge business association for an engaging discussion this morning. as always, i appreciate… 
h.r.  authorizes the faa for five years. it contains passenger protections and helps airports upgrade and improve… 
i'm happy to report that the chelsea soldiers’ home  received a  grant to build a new co… 
honoring the mission of pflag tonight and congratulations to christian de jesus franco - the elsie frank scholarshi… 
today i met with . we discussed the importance of sivs and refugee adminissions in the us. , m… 
trump's hud sec ben carson saw no problem wasting $, in taxpayer money on a dining room set.  now he wants to…  . stand ready to #endgunviolence. but we can't do it alone—republicans must work with us to end this national epidemic.
this week we've seen assassination attempts against public officials and multiple hate crimes. the president of the… 
my heart is heavy for pittsburgh and the tree of life congregation. my prayers are with those taken from us this mo… 
this is disgusting. hundreds of law enforcement professionals across the country have risked their lives to respond… 
thank you  for honoring me at your monthly luncheon, and for your support of my / heroes medal of valor… 
i’m closely monitoring the situation here in nyc and elsewhere. as always, i thank the courageous men and women in… 
assemblyman butler was a long-time champion for our community. it was wonderful to pay tribute to his service with… 
no one should be discriminated against because of who they are, or who they love. i'm proud to fight for lgbtq equa… 
this isn’t diplomacy—it’s a cover-up. 
one in five bronxites lack access to a traditional bank, which can hurt their financial stability. with… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
it was wonderful to sit down with ’s  to reflect on my time serving queens and the bronx in congr… 
as someone who has long fought for full implementation of the good friday agreement, i’m proud to endorse the mcgui… 
new yorkers: today is the last day to register to vote in the november th election! take a moment to check your re… 
my / heroes medal of valor act of  has passed the senate! we’re one step closer to the bill becoming law. 
 : today is the last day you can register to vote for november’s elections, new york city.   don’t delay — check your registrati…
trump is blatantly bought and sold by saudi arabia. the price to completely abandon our moral outrage over a missin… 
i hope to see the day where the bias and stigma faced by those living with obesity is erased.   this #nocw, i u… 
 : at work. at home. at school. in the c suite. in government. in every corner of the globe. equality for all. …
did you know that the average social security monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger social security that… 
heads-up new yorkers: the council for airport opportunity is hosting daily recruitment hours for positions at lga.… 
this is a dark day for america. serious questions remain concerning the allegations against kavanaugh, as well as h… 
no, , these are the kind of badass women who come from queens. they fight for what they believe in. 
ms. colombia was beloved by so many in our community. may the queen of queens rest in peace. 
october is breast cancer awareness month – an important reminder to learn about your family health history and get… 
thank you, dr. blasey ford, for your tremendous courage today.   the senate should not move forward with this nomin… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
many thanks to my colleagues for their support, and for the efforts of , , the fealgood foundation,… 
this is a recognition of the heroism shown by public safety officers who served our country that fateful day, and i… 
i'm incredibly proud to report that my bill expanding those eligible for the / heroes presidential medal of valo… 
it takes a village to produce a song, and each contributor should be fairly compensated for their hard work. i’m pr… 
 : .: "this president has never missed an opportunity to demonize immigrants in our nation." 
#beavoter, new yorkers! today is #nationalvoterregistrationday, a great reminder to register to vote and let your v… 
the trump administration may have abandoned our brothers and sisters in #puertorico, but new york never will. honor… 
wishing an easy fast to all those observing #yomkippur. 
my prayers are with you,  and . 
this is heartbreaking. and maddening.  this has to stop. we must #endfgm once and for all. 
this #hispanicheritagemonth, we celebrate the cultures and traditions woven into the rich fabric of american societ… 
but, i guess once you show your true colors, there is nothing more to do than double-down on your complete disregar… 
republicans must be desperate for another check from their well-connected donors ahead of the november election. th… 
 : we agree with ! the rich and big corporations must pay their fair share of taxes. #taxscam
no one can dare claim that this is “trump being trump.”   this is disgusting, dangerous, and inexcusable. 
with the storm of a lifetime bearing down on the east coast, republicans signed off on diverting funds from  t… 
congratulations to ! now more than ever,  needs a strong leader like you to continue the fight defe… 
for the second time in a year, republicans are giving huge tax cuts to the super-rich. and just like the first… 
the clock is ticking and we have seven legislative days before a potential shutdown.   the gop controls the house o… 
congress will closely watch hurricane florence and stand ready to help any community that requires support followin… 
 : .: yesterday, the president said his response to puerto rico was a ‘success.’  -  americans dead - fa…
deeply saddened to hear of the loss of former queens deputy borough president lawrence gresser. he was a loyal frie… 
my cousin john moran was a  battalion chief. he was off duty on /, but refused to leave his brothers behind… 
today is also a stark reminder of the gratitude we still owe the heroes who answered our nation’s call. we remember… 
as we reflect on this solemn day, we must #neverforget that there is far more that unites us than divides us, and t… 
a coastal flood advisory is in effect for the southern portion of queens until tomorrow afternoon – stay safe, ever… 
#shanatova to everyone celebrating in queens, the bronx, and across the country. i send my best wishes for a joyous… 
such a sad loss for queens. marie was beloved not just for her amazing food, but for the joy she brought to so many… 
. works tirelessly to serve our community and end hunger. i am so proud to work with them in their eff… 
house republicans passed a $ trillion tax break for the wealthy. now they’re using the #farmbill to try to cut… 
i’m proud india took this critical step toward recognizing that love is love. there’s still more work to do to ensu… 
president trump is going to extreme lengths to indefinitely detain migrant families. when will my republican collea… 
republicans are using our court systems to try and rip health care away from millions of americans with pre-existin… 
welcome #backtoschoolnyc! hope you all had a wonderful #firstdayofschool. and a big thank you to all of our phenome… 
judge kavanaugh is a threat to the progress we’ve made on health care and reproductive rights. we can’t allow him t… 
republicans can’t govern and they can’t lead. 
president trump and republicans are trying to take away protections for the over  million new yorkers living with… 
america's working men and women are the foundation of our nation. this #laborday,  are reaffirming o… 
was honored today to present an american flag flown over the u.s. capitol to officer osvaldo nunez, who heroically… 
the trump administration wants to put guns in our children's schools. can we stop pretending now that they aren’t b… 
the u.n. was right to call this genocide. now, our state department must do the same. 
senator mccain had the heart of a warrior and was a patriot in every sense of the word. my heart is with the mccain… 
beautiful day to join  and  for their back to school event in corona! 
john mccain is an american hero. wishing peace and comfort to the senator and his family during this impossibly dif… 
servicemembers need #netneutrality to contact their loved ones, but without a free and open internet, big telecom c… 
wishing a joyous #eidaladha to those celebrating in queens, the bronx, and around the world! 
mr. palij should stand trial for his crimes, and i thank the german government for taking responsibility by accepting this deportation.
this is a long-overdue step toward justice and peace for victims of the holocaust. i’m proud to have worked with th… 
our nation mourns the loss of the great aretha franklin, one of the most celebrated and important performers of all… 
the trump administration’s top priority is terrorizing immigrant families and communities of color. our city will n… 
loved sitting down with  for their phenomenal podcast. thanks for letting me riff on what i love most a… 
our country could afford to create social security during the great depression. we can absolutely afford to protect… 
wonderful to see cullen at plebe parents’ weekend. so proud to call this young man my son! 
i’m incredibly saddened to learn of tom’s passing. i’ll miss his love of music, his direct advice, and above all, h… 
% of new yorkers have a pre-existing condition. their access to health insurance will be threatened if president… 
repealing #netneutrality has real consequences for consumers, slowing down your internet access and charging you ex… 
#dreamers, you can still apply to renew your #daca. find out if you are eligible here →  
six years ago, the lives of six  worshippers were taken in an act of hate at the sikh gurdwara in oak creek, wi. th… 
here’s an idea: write a bill to help ny families, not to pick a political fight. 
an overwhelming majority of americans across party lines support #netneutrality. it's time for house republicans to… 
raising the minimum wage for #puertorico’s construction workers will go a long way in helping working families and… 
if president trump is as innocent as he claims, he should have no objections to the continued investigation of russ… 
check the link below to see if your neighborhood is included! 
for  years, medicare and medicaid have provided a lifeline to millions of americans. we must continue our promise… 
instead of doing everything in their power to bring families back together, the trump administration complained and… 
happy birthday, new york! on this day  years ago, my home state joined the union. 
great meeting these young leaders who are working to strengthen the bonds between ireland and the u.s.! #wip 
this will help reduce unnecessary hospital admissions and protect patients in skilled nursing facilities from the s… 
kudos to elizabeth holtzman and those speaking truth to power. 
after losing their son rory to sepsis, orlaith &amp; ciaran staunton fought tirelessly to update ny’s sepsis care proto… 
brett kavanaugh has made it clear that he wants to overturn #roevwade. if the senate appoints him—or any other anti… 
right now, a college education can saddle students with a lifetime of debt. that is just wrong.   ar… 
gutting the  newsroom is a huge blow for journalism and nyc. a robust local press is essential to ensur… 
secretary nielsen separates children from their parents and defends white supremacists. she needs to resign. 
we cannot allow the trump administration to politicize the #census. adding a citizenship question is a purely r… 
putin undermined our democracy and abused his power. and now president trump is inviting him to the white house. th… 
incredibly excited that  introduced the senate-version of my bill, the rent relief act, to bring ho… 
proud to see ’s and my bill to help prevent mass atrocities pass the house yesterday. this is an impor… 
last year,  and i called for a the new york state attorney general to thoroughly investigate these abus… 
it's unconscionable that property owners like kushner cos. are lining their pockets by harassing vulnerable tenants… 
did putin write this for you? 
at best, president trump is acting erratic. at worst, he’s purposefully undermining our democracy.  it’s past time… 
president trump, immigrants are apart of the culture of every country. your disparaging of immigrants is unamerican. 
the only people who are #betteroffnow are special interests and the super-rich. the rest of us got screwed by the… 
the trump administration refuses to fix the family separation crisis it created. and that’s beyond shameful.… 
special counsel mueller is #followingthefacts and taking names. this investigation must continue unimpeded. 
it’s clear that the mueller investigation is onto something. he and his team must be supported and allowed to conti… 
. is swapping one bad policy for another - trading family separation for family detention. this is… 
president trump has said that women should face “punishment” for exercising their constitutional right to abortion.… 
this missed deadline makes perfectly clear: the trump administration had no intention of reuniting these families o… 
president trump's nominee to #scotus is a threat to women's reproductive rights. it's clear: we must #stopkavanaugh. 
finally. next up: president trump. 
happy #thofjuly to all! 
a devoted school teacher, a vietnam-era veteran, and an honored member of the bronx gaelic league, john, along with… 
today, my thoughts and prayers are with john garvey’s family. john was a tremendous advocate for the irish experien… 
one of the proudest days of my life! congratulations cullen - i can’t wait to watch you grow and thrive. 
    .—i couldn't agree more – it’s heartbreaking and… 
congrats to all the students in queens, the bronx, and across nyc who just finished their last day of school! #schoolsout
a few months ago, i joined ciro salemi, a wwii veteran and bronx resident, to celebrate his th birthday. today,… 
this is a disappointing decision. women deserve access to factual and unbiased information about their health care.… 
this is a deeply shameful decision by scotus that strikes at the core of our nation's founding principles and the v… 
this is heart-breaking. the trump administration is inflicting lasting damage on children fleeing violence—there ne… 
 : i was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious while friends of mine gave their lives to ensure that every person has the right…
voting is a right, not a privilege. five years after the supreme court gutted the voting rights act, americans want… 
how much longer will republicans tolerate the blatant corruption of a member of president trump's cabinet?… 
had a great discussion with seniors in sunnyside about the changes coming to new medicare cards and my efforts to p… 
libraries are about connectivity, and the $. million overhaul of the woodside library will guarantee our children… 
my deepest condolences to chief spadafora’s loved ones &amp; the entire fdny family. we are forever grateful for his se… 
celebrating colombia’s big win on nothern boulevard! 🇨🇴⚽️ 
after  years (!) of service, the -line is in desperate need of some tlc. proud to work with  and the… 
such an important resource for our community – now more than ever 
we’re lucky to have some of the best cultural institutions in the world, but many are inaccessible to those living… 
i recently nominated raymond diaz of queens to the merchant marine academy—he stopped by before he reports this wee… 
agree! so glad i could join you all! 
thanks  and all the  in texas to inspect detention and processing facilities. serious q… 
this is an outrage. we cannot ignore these horrible acts of harassment and violence leveled against our muslim brot… 
 : beginning next month, the  will finally begin removing lead paint that, for years, has been peeling off the elevat…
despite what president trump wants you to believe, he didn’t end the family separation crisis – he created it.   an… 
 months ago, republicans passed their #goptaxscam, giving massive tax breaks to special interests &amp; adding $. tr… 
joined  to chat with seniors at woodside houses about our fight to protect social security and medicare… 
president trump's forced separation of families has inflicted unfathomable damage on thousands of defenseless child… 
i'm glad to see that reuniting the thousands of children separated from their parents is your top priority. 
americans won’t stand for twisting bible verses to justify tearing apart families.   they won’t stand for torturing… 
  i’m with you, kit. these are children, not political pawns. and they must be reunited wit… 
another day, another republican attack on working families. they just passed a partisan, heartless #farmbill that w… 
president trump has inflicted unspeakable trauma on thousands of children in order to further his anti-immigrant ag… 
lga is in our district, and i’m making every member of my constituent services staff available to assist these chil… 
last night’s events show that president trump’s executive order has done nothing to solve this crisis. children are… 
i’m deeply grateful to all the new yorkers who gathered at laguardia last night to welcome the children arriving fr… 
 :  pairs of shoes to represent the , refugees excluded by the trump administration #worldrefugeeday …
it is wrong to keep a parent away from their child. it is wrong to keep families caged up in detention centers. we… 
no one is fooled: this order won't end the trump administration’s despicable policy of indefinitely detaining famil… 
shame on this white house, on everyone who is letting this happen. shame on us as a country if we allow it to conti… 
it’s #worldrefugeeday, and president trump is tearing apart families that are seeking safety and refuge right h… 
 : at : am, i will join a group of house dems speaking on the floor about the children being separated from their familie…
you’re the definition of a terrible human being, corey. 
secretary nielsen is forcibly separating children from their parents and putting kids in cages.   she must resign.
. brings our community together, and the $. million in new funding for the #woodside branch will pr… 
proud to stand with our immigrant families in #corona today against president trump’s inhumane policies that have t… 
 years ago today, news of the emancipation proclamation finally reached texas. on #juneteenth we commemorate the… 
the trump administration’s policy of ripping families apart is heartless and inhumane. #familiesbelongtogether 
“infest our country”?   these are human beings. 
stood with  president andy byford and councilman  to announce $ million in long-overdue repair… 
proud to team up with  to connect veterans in my district with the resources they need. 
hey secretary nielsen—there is no “humane” way of separating a four-month-old from her parents.
students, teachers, job-seekers, &amp; so many of our neighbors rely on , yet too many of our branches do… 
 : las familias merecen estar unidas | solidaridad con la comunidad inmigrante | articulo escrito por  y …
this is despicable.   these are innocent children, not political pawns. 
la semana pasada, mi gran amigo  y yo tomamos las calles exigir que el presidente trump ponga fin a su… 
my good friend  and i took to the streets last week to demand that president trump immediately end his… 
today, we remember the  innocent lives lost  years ago at  emanuel african methodist episcopal church. let us hon… 
becoming a dad was one of the happiest moments of my life.   but this #fathersday, all i can think about are the th… 
gorgeous day for a ! loved performing with my good friends  and  
thanks to ,   , and  for joining in the fight against separating children at t… 
this is devastating. the trump administration is causing irreparable harm to thousands and thousands of children. 
this has to stop. 
a seis años de que el programa #daca brindara alivio y estabilidad a los #dreamers, la vida de estos jóvenes esta e… 
six years after #daca brought relief and stability to #dreamers, these young adults have now been put in limbo than… 
 : free breakfast and lunch for all nyc kids this summer at hundreds of public schools, pools, parks and libraries. no registr…
let's set the record straight: despite their claims, the new republican "compromise" bill does not end family separ… 
you are the one tearing children away from their parents. you’re just too much of a coward to admit it. 
there are , homeless veterans in the united states today. that’s unacceptable. i’m co-sponsoring the bipartisa… 
it seems like republican leadership deliberately failed to address discrimination based on sexual orientation or ge… 
the #worldcup is finally underway! i know it's a bold pick, but i’ve got los cafeteros to win the whole thing... 
to those celebrating eid al-fitr in queens, the bronx, and around the world, #eidmubarak⁠! 
 : lgbtq americans continue to face discrimination in the workplace, but  failed to include sexual orientation &amp; ge…
separating children from their parents isn't required by law, and it definitely isn't justified by the bible.… 
as a father myself, my heart aches when i hear the stories of toddlers screaming for their parents, who are sitting… 
a baby taken from her mother’s arms while being breastfed. a -month-old infant ripped away from his father.   repu… 
years ago, i nominated a young ray kui of college point for the air force academy. yesterday, he came back to visit… 
thanks for everyone's concern -doing fine now.  wish i could say the same for the children and parents at the border.
 : here outside u.s. customs &amp; border protection with , , , , …
forcibly separating children from their parents will not only leave a scar on those children for the rest of their…  we’re the country that welcomes immigrants, as statue of liberty says: “give me your tired, your poor, your huddled… 
this is un-american, unconstitutional, and not who we are as a country. 
it was an honor to present local veterans with the vietnam veteran's lapel pin yesterday to thank them for their se… 
already got a health plan from  that you love? check to make sure your plan will still be available… 
having trouble with the website? or do you want to talk to someone in-person or on the phone about enrolling? find… 
did you know there is financial help available for people looking to buy health insurance? see here for more info ⬇️ 
open enrollment is nov st! are you and your family prepared to choose a health care plan? check out… 
with  cosponsors, the social security  act will not only strengthen the program, but it will expand it.  fol… 
congratulations to the #worldserieschamps #redsox for an incredible season! one of the greatest red sox teams of al… 
my deepest sympathies go out to the tree of life synagogue community, the family and friends of the lives lost and… 
we stand with the jewish community, the pittsburgh community and   during this tragic time. it’s irr… 
 : social security is the insurance that you've paid for.  is fighting to protect and expand, never cut, those earn…
social security is not an “entitlement”. it's time we correct this misnomer. social security is the insurance that… 
we are live! join us for a conversation on the future of hartford’s infrastructure by following the  live… 
it’s not too late to register for the crumbling foundations webinar at am!   follow the link and join the convers… 
have questions on how to file a casualty loss deduction for a crumbling foundation? the  will hold a webina… 
tomorrow i will be hosting a conversation on the future of hartford’s infrastructure at am at the legislative off… 
 : thank you, sandra day o'connor, for bravely sharing your dementia diagnosis to raise awareness and for being an advocat…
warning! spammers are changing caller-ids to say social security is calling! never give out your ssn &amp; remember gov… 
if you are looking for an educational and fun activity this friday, seek no more. the national park service in coor… 
it’s that time of year when the leaves turn to beautiful colors, the air gets crisp, the  take the field a… 
in less than  days, open enrollment begins in ct. despite the  republican attacks on pre-existing conditions and… 
i’ve got a solution to protect the insurance you paid for with every paycheck and strengthen social security overal… 
the answer isn’t ‘entitlement’ cuts. that’s republican code for cutting medicare &amp; social security  – the insurance… 
official data released by fed reserve shows that social security kept  million americans out of poverty. but too… 
according to , hartford is the # best city for jobs!   from craft beer, new restaurants and affordable h… 
 : republicans promised that their tax law would pay for itself. it doesn’t.  
good news for victims of crumbling foundations, but there is still more to do.   the  will be hosting a web… 
proud to have received a % on the #hrcscorecard for supporting #lgbtq equality. i will always stand for equal ri… 
also, on sept  at am there will be a webinar conducted by the irs to help crumbling foundation victims navigate… 
if you have been affected by crumbling foundations or know someone who has and wants to file for reimbursement thro… 
i was pleased to announce with  &amp;  that homeowners will be able to carry forward casualty l… 
 : tomorrow // at :am on   &amp;  talking with  about the new determination fro…
social security is not an entitlement, it’s the insurance americans have paid into. we should be expanding and stre… 
the party of so called fiscal responsibility has recklessly inflated the deficit. now the majority leader is callin… 
happy birthday to my dear friend and colleague !   it has been my honor to serve with you on the soci… 
my heart goes out to those affected by hurricane michael in florida and georgia in addition to my continued support… 
 : if you're a connecticut homeowner affected by the pyrrhotite-caused crumbling foundations (or you have clients who are…
did you know that the average ss monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger social security that reflects the… 
today’s cola announcement of .% is good news! but we need social security benefits to keep up with the rising cos… 
icymi: i joined  and  on  to discuss how social security isn’t an entitlement, bu… 
 : let’s count the ways this is a lie: ⁃you tried to take health care from  million americans ⁃when you failed, you made…
let’s go ! let’s win # tonight! 
 : . you're as nice as pumpkin spice! thank you for passing hr  on time and with expanded funding for …
the i-/i- tunnel proposal is more than a transportation project. it’s about creating economic opportunity and l… 
icymi: congratulations to principal tim barber, the staff, teachers,  parents, and especially the students of the u… 
it’s an honor to serve w  in congress. he's a good man &amp; true public servant who conducts himself w t… 
it was an honor to celebrate the life of sgt. john chapman and the posthumous award of the medal of honor yesterday… 
social security is our most successful program – insurance you have paid for and earned and i'm proud to lead the f… 
i would like to see more service members in the field doing good work and believe that there should be away to help… 
our service members strengthen communities through tutoring kids, helping the elderly, or responding to natural disasters.
i was more than pleased to have voted for the appropriations bill last week that will increase spending levels for… 
as congress nears the end of it legislative session, gop leadership let another year slip by without taking action… 
it has been one year since the deadliest mass shooting in american history in las vegas. we remember the victims an… 
for / of seniors, social security is % of their income and the last / completely rely on the program alone!… 
i call on my colleagues – regardless of party – do what is right. reject calls to gut social security and medicare… 
it is the insurance that working americans have paid for and earned through a lifetime of work – and should be able… 
the trillions they are adding to the deficit are no accident: cutting social security and medicare have always been… 
that is why i call on the house to support my motion:   to ensure that nothing in this bill can take effect unless… 
now, i have criticized my republican colleagues for not paying for their tax reform. turns out i was mistaken – the… 
. it has been an honor to serve with you. i’m very proud of our bipartisan accomplishments. i’m lucky… 
we must continue to address mental health and crisis support by all means available. let’s #bethere for those who b… 
the recent reports from the va of veteran’s suicide rates remain alarming. the suicide rates of - y/o veterans… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! take some time to make sure you’re registered to vote! your voice matters.… 
., , , , and i are proud to lead the house’s expand socia… 
social security is not an entitlement, it's the insurance that workers have earned and paid for with every paycheck… 
two weeks ago, i along with my fellow co-chairs , , and  founded the expand soci… 
it’s time for the hartford region to think big again. the i-/i- tunnel plan is about economic vitality and liva… 
it has been one year since hurricane maria wreaked havoc on puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands, and the island… 
proud to join  in standing up for our fellow citizens in puerto rico. 
yesterday, i was honored to host a delegation from seattle to share their highway tunnel experience, how it’s trans… 
thank you to everyone who came out to our educational forum on the seattle tunnel experience. big thank you to our… 
 : video:  on why he is co-chairing the new #expandsocialsecurity caucus 
tunnels can transform cities. a delegation from seattle is coming on monday to hartford to share their story. regis… 
hope to see you there on monday, if you’re coming, make sure to register, space is limited! register here:… 
 : sanders, warren, larson, dingell introduce #expandsocialsecurity caucus: 
the president must take these numbers seriously if his administration is to help our fellow citizens in puerto rico… 
the administration continues to fail the people of puerto rico. president trump’s false claim yesterday  denying th… 
the republicans in the ways and means committee today wouldn’t even take a vote on my amendment to protect social s… 
today #wrda passed the house, including my provision directing the army corps to expedite a feasibility report for… 
i am thrilled to announce that today we formed the #expandsocialsecurity caucus. i will be chairing this group in t… 
 : communities need federal investments, not h.r.  (#taxscam). it forever limits federal deductions for state &amp; local taxes. w…
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. proud to lead the #expandsocialsecurity… 
•the private market can't match the guaranteed, earned benefits of social security. we must bolster this program no… 
 : we're excited to stand with , , , and all the other lawmakers who've come together t…
we’re working to make social security stronger for generations to come. it's an insurance program, not an entitleme… 
 : “news flash, social security is not an entitlement it is the insurance you have paid for!” -  #expandsocialsecur…
i'm speaking live now on the #expandsocialsecurity caucus! 
watch the #expandsocialsecurity caucus announcement live here: 
today at  am, watch the announcement of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus here: 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
great news for !the air force awarded p&amp;w a $ million engine development contract, which means m… 
republicans’ tax . is more of the same failed policy from the st  #goptaxplan  -doubling down on double-taxation… 
we will never forget those we lost  years ago and we will never forget how we came together as a country, united… 
in the #goptaxplan they limited the state and local tax deduction to $k, now they’re working to make that cap per… 
🚨urgent🚨 this week: the house gop will be releasing their tax plan . which will make double-taxation on states li… 
thinking of everyone celebrating rosh hashanah. l’shana tova! 
today sgt. matthew mainieri’s family, friends, and fellow officers remembered this south windsor police sergeant an… 
 : republicans are trying to dismantle our health care system. what’s at stake?   “…insurers could return to denying covera…
this is yet another example of how this administration is putting the financial interests of companies before stude… 
.'s proposed changes to the borrower defense rules would make it far more difficult for students defra… 
had a great time touring  in rocky hill today! i got to meet with their additive manufacturing team, answer… 
arming teachers would recklessly endanger the safety of both students and educators. i’m joining … 
 : thank you to  for visiting henkel’s north american headquarters in rocky hill, ct to meet our team and learn abou…
today marks the th anniversary of the #marchonwashington where dr. martin luther king jr. led a movement that fou… 
today is #womensequalityday. we’ve made great strides since , but we still have a long way to go. proud to stan… 
this is a sad day for america. my deepest condolences to his wife cindy, children, loved ones, and to fellow americans who share this grief.
it was an example of valor that has been on display throughout his life, and underscored at that moment when it mat… 
the mccain moment that is seared in the mind of so many americans was during the  presidential race with everyt… 
 was an iconic american hero, whose life of principle centered around leadership and was dedicated to… 
they are picking winners and losers. the winners are the red states that the blue states have been subsidizing. the… 
it started with the extreme limits placed on the state and local tax deduction, which have existed in the tax code… 
yesterday, the treasury dept. proposed new regulations that would target states like ct. the politicization of tax… 
i’m thinking of sen. john mccain and his family during this time. i’m wishing him peace as he continues to battle cancer.
our firefighters put themselves in harm’s way for our communities everyday, i am proud that we were able to secure… 
this absurd notion from the dept of education to arm teachers using money from essa is reprehensible. we need to in… 
 : #manchester gets federal grant to hire firefighters 
it was my honor and privilege to attend today’s medal of honor ceremony that was awarded posthumously for windsor l… 
i wish you a happy eid today! 
over the past few weeks i've had the honor of presenting two veterans and the family of a deceased veteran with ser… 
congratulations to  for being chosen for the pulliam fellowship to study #crumblingfoundations. her… 
the  said it well: “the reality of daily journalism, the journalism that makes a difference, is tha… 
#freepress is essential to our democracy. 
had a great time visiting charter oak health center yesterday to celebrate #nationalhealthcenterweek. proud to figh… 
 in  retirees rely solely on social security for income. we won’t let the  pull the rug out from under them. #socsec
social security must be maintained and strengthened. nobody should have to spend the twilight years of their life i… 
#throwback earlier in the year, i addressed some myths about social security that were being pushed by some republi… 
did you know about  million people a month collect social security benefits each month and , baby boomers be… 
 years ago today, the social security act signed by franklin d. roosevelt, guaranteeing that the elderly citizens… 
 : the republican tax law benefits the very wealthiest americans, not average families.  
it was great speaking with seniors in bloomfield about the social security  act, my plan to expand and enhance… 
always great to meet with the first district veterans and military advisory board. our veterans selflessly served o… 
it was great having an employee town hall with talcott resolution today! we talked about my plans to expand and enh… 
i  believe we can expand on this good work by raising the bar even further. here’s my plan to expand service opport… 
proud that hartford is one of the top  #americities. congratulations to the service members for their hard work a… 
icymi: yesterday #fmla celebrated  years. i’m proud that ct passed the first fmla when i was in the state senate… 
 : aarp thanks , , ,  and  for voting to #protectsnap and not letting old…
i was honored to present korean war veteran, carl jacobs, with his service medals. one of the medals he received wa… 
two crumbling foundation amdts have passed house &amp; senate - another step frwd. i will keep fighting for solutions t… 
another attack on the #aca &amp; our loved ones with preexisting conditions.  the new rule signed by the trump admin. w… 
great speaking with the new england council today about my plan to transform the hartford region, more here:… 
happy rd birthday to medicare &amp; medicaid. these programs support the entire continuum from birth to seniors. inst… 
i was honored to present the family of the late michael lynch of east hartford with his service medal today for his… 
earlier this week, my office had the pleasure of hosting jayna down in washington. jayna is from glastonbury and wo… 
ct state bond commission approved the first $m towards helping homeowners suffering from crumbling foundations. m… 
a single poc will provide those dealing with fraud w/ a dedicated casework team to guide them through the complicat… 
this year,  bills i have authored have been passed by the house, including one that was unanimously approved yeste… 
today, the house unanimously passed h.r.  to reauthorize funding that trains primary care pediatricians at chil… 
the $ billion preliminary deal for the next batch of f-s further solidifies the pentagon’s commitment to the pr… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
while china has been investing .% of its gdp in infrastructure, the us invests less than .%. it’s time to rebui… 
embedded on the dais is his pow bracelet and a quote that was etched on the wall of his cell in vietnam, “freedom h… 
i was proud to have attended the dedication of the sam johnson committee room. it has been my honor to serve on the… 
 : “we had to have an 'all of the above' strategy.”  shares his thoughts on the #pickensplan as we celebrate t…
congratulations to  and the city of hartford on winning a $,  #loveyourblock grant… 
after today’s summit between president trump and president putin, it has become paramount to protect the integrity… 
 years ago tomorrow, the older americans act was signed into law to ensure dignity in retirement for seniors. we… 
this week is the rd anniversary of the srebrenica genocide. it was  one of the worst of crimes against humanity s… 
a pre-existing condition like diabetes, cancer or asthma shouldn’t be a reason for being denied health insurance.… 
this executive order, that politicizes social security judges, is harmful to the millions of americans who can no l… 
happy to support the bipartisan sam farr peace corps enhancement act which passed the house in a voice vote today.… 
thank you to everyone who came out to our panel discussion on the impact of hurricane maria in puerto rico and conn… 
the trump admin’s latest attack on health insurance will only lead to sky-rocketing premiums and less access to cov… 
tonight: i’m hosting a public forum. more info here: 
tomorrow: i’m hosting a public forum on what more we can be doing to help puerto rico recover after hurricane maria… 
i’m hosting a public forum about the impact of hurricane maria in puerto rico and ct at the pope park community cen… 
with , baby boomers a day becoming eligible for social security, it is imperative we enhance the program. i en… 
i was proud to announce a $k federal grant for colt park today. this grant, along with the local/state contribut… 
great spending the th looking at our nation’s history at the national archives. got to chat with the national arch… 
today marks the anniversary of the signing of the civil rights act of  which outlawed segregation and employmen… 
the #goptaxplan did not keep its promises to simplify your taxes. there’s a postcard, but you’re likely going to ne… 
free summer meals have begun! visit  to learn more! 
today i sent a letter to the trump administration to hold them accountable on complying with the court order to end… 
it was great meeting with constituents from  this week about my bipartisan bill with  to… 
i want to congratulate my friend and president of  nancy altman for her recognition and distinguished award… 
proud to join with  in putting forward a solution to reduce social security wait lines for individuals w… 
enjoyed meeting with  and annelise bedan, a patient and lupus foundations youth ambassador this morning. 
the standard of living that unions once helped secure is in jeopardy after the #scotus #janus decision today. elect… 
very disappointed in the #scotus decision to uphold the travel ban. as justice sotomayor wrote in her dissent, this… 
great ridership numbers on the ! passengers exceeded , in the first week of service. ct is on the… 
i was proud to have signed on to 's discharge petition to #protectournet and force a vote on… 
 : being born a woman shouldn’t be a “pre-existing condition.” but if republicans’ attacks on protections for millions of…
had a great time at the latino fest in hartford yesterday! 
with , baby boomers retiring each day, and % increase of in-person visits to social security field offices in… 
i was proud to have passed the compass act out of the house in a bipartisan manner. this is the only way we can ach… 
whether you’ve had cancer or heart disease, you shouldn’t have to worry about being denied coverage. #protectourcare
since they failed at repeal and replace, the gop is now working to dismantle the #aca by not defending protections… 
 : "the us has always served as a lantern in the dark for those who love freedom but are persecuted, in misery, or in need." #wor…
we’re a better nation than this. we are a better people than this. we cannot let this stand.  do th… 
gop &amp; potus r meeting tonight. they control all  branches of govt. they must emerge out of this &amp; end the policy o… 
 : sometimes truth transcends party. 
. thank you for speaking out. this is truly an unnecessary and cruel injustice. 
please read my full statement: 
congratulations to elliot ginsberg on his  years of service to capital workforce partners . elliot has wo… 
i'm proud to have worked closely w/ the state of ct, obama administration, &amp; the ct delegation, to secure close to… 
 : watch live: the grand opening ceremony for the  is about to begin. 🚅🎈  live stream → …
june is alzheimer's month and it is important to recognize the toll this terrible disease has on k seniors and th… 
tonight we take to the field and although one of our dem stars,  #ix is on the dl this year, we still… 
 : #connecticut is about to launch its first new rail line in nearly  decades.🎈  the  begins service on sat…
happy #flagday! today we celebrate our flag and honor all those who serve and sacrifice for our country. i'm proud…  we mourn the innocent lives slain and pray for those injured and all affected. our hearts will continue to be with… 
heart-broken by the mass shooting which occurred at a synagogue in pittsburgh today, an evil, anti-semitic act of v… 
i condemn these hateful attacks on our public officials &amp; free press. the perpetrator(s) must be brought to justice… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
democrats will continue to fight #forthepeople, defending critical health &amp; mental health services for all. we reje… 
this latest ploy to sabotage the aca would raise out-of-pocket costs and be devastating to millions of working families.
short-term health plans ) are not required to cover the aca’s essential health benefits, such as life-saving menta… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
last thursday we toured the   plant in the city of industry, which employs approximately  san… 
proud to join the  last night to honor mayor pro tem peggy delach for  years of invaluable service t… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
good news for social security – next year’s cola will be .%. but with the rising costs seniors face, we need to s… 
 : as a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. it’s an oath i was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one th…
nepa protects communities of color. during #hispanicheritagemonth read how  are fighting natural resources r… 
fact: % of latinos live within  miles of a power plant &amp; hispanics are % more likely than non-latino whites… 
every american should be able to drink clean water, breathe clean air &amp; not fear exposure to harmful toxins/chemica… 
the trump administration is now moving hundreds of immigrant children to a tent city in west texas with no clear pl… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
 : #capac women in the senate and the house stand with dr. ford and women everywhere. #believewomen #believesurvivors #delaythevote…
 : waiting to be let in to the senate judiciary committee room to oppose judge kavanaugh’s confirmation vote with my colleague…
with arms linked, we demand they #postponethevote &amp; conduct a full fbi investigation. 
happening now! we are walking to the senate to #stopkavanaugh. #believesurvivors 
proceeding with brett kavanaugh’s nomination is telling sexual assault survivors they do not matter. these serious… 
remember, this is not a trial. it’s brett kavanaugh’s job interview for a lifetime appointment to the highest court… 
 : business leaders are speaking out to #savelwcf!  #lwcf helps protect #publiclands that contribute $ billion annually to the…
 : tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
 : este día nacional de inscripción de votantes, #nationalvoterregistrationday, asegúrate que tu voz sea escuchada.   encuent…
elections have consequences. get registered, and go #vote! #womenvote #nationalvoterregistrationday… 
our #publiclands are a major economic driver in communities across the country. we cannot afford to lose the . mi… 
reauthorizing #lwcf is a no-brainer. it costs the american taxpayer nothing, protects our treasured #publiclands &amp;… 
standing w/ my  colleagues to demand a vote to #savelwcf this week before #lwcf expires on sept. th.  &amp;… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
 : esta semana presenté el discurso semanal demócrata con respecto al primer aniversario de #maria. exigimos respuestas de…
visit the san gabriel mountains national monument this weekend to celebrate #publiclandsday! we’re fighting to… 
 : just in: the trump administration has diverted nearly half a billion dollars from vital health initiatives to keep unaccom…
 : a year ago #hurricanemaria struck #puertorico with devastating fury.  we must do more to help our fellow americans reco…
right now u.s. citizens lack inadequate food and water, an unstable power supply, and a dearth of medical services.… 
the , lives we lost in #hurricanemaria will not be forgotten, ignored or covered up. we must honor fallen ameri… 
 : “we had help that day” — tammie jo   is considering single pilot cockpits for cargo planes. this would be disastrous.…
dr. christine blasey ford is very brave to share her story, risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand… 
today, the house unanimously passed s. , the america’s water infrastructure act, authorizing $ mil in grants… 
 : el presidente trump no quiere reconocer que miles de estadounidenses murieron bajo su mando.  y aún peor, los republicanos…
 : breaking: today we’re launching #wastedresources, a -part series exposing how natural resources committee republicans are was…
minimizing the tragedy and shifting blame for his failed response to hurricane maria will not erase the fact that n… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
we remain united against terrorism and those who threaten our democracy. #neverforget #september
we must show our support to all survivors and provide them with the medical and financial support they need. we wil… 
today, as we mourn those who were lost  yrs ago and continue to honor their memories, our hearts are with their f… 
world #suicideprevention day reminds us that mental illness knows no boundaries, no matter your country of origin,… 
puerto rico is far from recovering from the devastation of hurricane maria. now is the time for  &amp; the federal… 
 : check out #water subcommittee ranking member 's opening statement during today’s hearing on “building a…
 : el presidente trump esta ignorando descaradamente una orden judicial para continuar deteniendo a niños inmigrantes. esto t…
the #floresagreement is not a loophole &amp; withdrawing from it would eliminate critical protections that ensure safe,… 
 : 🚨🚨congressional hispanic caucus wants answers on mariee, the toddler who died after leaving ice custody🚨🚨…
% of americans support #roevwade. americans don’t want president trump &amp; brett kavanaugh’s extreme, anti-choice a… 
 yr ago trump heartlessly ended #daca, beginning the nightmare for hundreds of thousands of dreamers &amp; their famil… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
. agrees that family detention is not the solution to address the forced separation of families at our… 
 : this is unacceptable and a dereliction of duty! this administration must #endfamilydetention ... now! …
diverting funds authorized for mental health, anti-bullying, and other school improvement initiatives to buy guns i… 
in six decades of service to our country, senator john mccain was a hero and living example that we can achieve so… 
however, it is critical that we continue to work with other states and business leaders to prioritize public health… 
california by contrast is working to combat climate change by lowering our carbon emissions, increasing our renewab… 
the expected rule and its increased emissions of carbon dioxide will affect human health all across the country and… 
it is infuriating that president trump is again siding with coal-burning states and coal lobbyists over the health… 
i will continue to fight for additional funding in congress to expand this critical program in southern california. 
yesterday, i was glad to show the la county office of education the great work taking place at sunburst youth chall… 
 : headed back to la with  and rep.  after a day visiting #immigrantdetainees at #adelanto and…
 : watch: we just finished our tour of the #victorville and #adelanto detention facilities. now, i'm joining with my cali…
correct link: 
read some of the success stories of dacamented youth here: 
#daca has allowed hundreds of thousands of immigrant youth to get jobs, pursue higher education, and strengthen our… 
 : on the road w/ &amp;  to visit adelanto detention facility &amp; victorville federal correctional c…
#kavanagh’s record demonstrates he would lend strong support to trump’s anti-immigrant agenda, carrying enormous co… 
the stage is set.  could decide the constitutionality and legality of president trump’s many cruel and reckl… 
 : washington republicans had a chance to #draintheswamp, instead they helped  build a hotel on it! …
before the deadline,  secretary nielsen assured the  that the administration was on-track to… 
. claims to support family values but won’t challenge president trump’s cruel immigration policies that break up &amp; detain families
 : another glaring example of this administration's hypocrisy and nepotism. make no mistake, this administration's immigra…
today is #blackwomensequalpay day, the day black women's pay catches up with white, non-hispanic men's pay from the… 
tomorrow is the final day to submit a comment to the department of commerce on the proposed #census questions.… 
dreamers! you can apply for a #daca renewal even if your last application was rejected specifically due to not meet… 
 : "together we can create a world where no one falls through the cracks"  (pictured here with richard van horn,…
 : honored to have friend and fellow #mentalhealth advocate  with us at the la regional policy meeting. thank yo…
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c…
 : hoy es la fecha limite para reunificar a las familias separadas en la frontera. pero a causa de la incompetencia de la adm…
happening now: joining my  colleagues reacting to our meeting with dhs sec. nielsen. we continue to… 
should a quality degree come with a mountain of student debt? we don’t think so, either. that's why house democrats… 
the  #peoplesbudget reverses trump’s harmful cuts &amp; fixes a system that for far too long has only be… 
 : i visited detained immigrant children at an orr-funded facility on saturday. what's clear is they're being punished for tru…
 : today, along with house democratic leadership, i am unveiling the #aimhigher act – the democratic vision for an accessible,…
 : kavanaugh’s scotus confirmation would be a rubber stamp for radical gop attempts to silence black and brown voters, rever…
we will continue to demand full accountability of the admin, conduct additional oversight visitations of facilities… 
while the administration completed all eligible reunifications of children up to age  by july , it now has until… 
we do not yet know the long-term impact of these traumatic separations, but it is our obligation to mitigate harm a… 
fact is, though, very few children are receiving this level of care &amp; treatment. immigrant youth detained near the… 
we went to ensure all children were receiving the critical services, incl. mental health evaluations &amp; trauma-infor… 
on saturday, , ,  &amp; i visited an office of refugee resettlement (orr)-fund… 
 : i never thought there would come a day where families across my hometown wouldn’t be able to trust the water coming out o…
the trump admin's decision to add a citizenship question to the #census will have long-lasting consequences, je… 
president trump has said that women should face “punishment” for exercising their constitutional right to abortion.… 
a. it is not illegal to seek refuge in the us, and this administration should not punish families that try to pr… 
a americans should not have to choose between keeping families together and securing our border. #keepfamiliestogether #earlyedchat
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
trump has an agenda, and his #scotus nominee is a dangerous choice. women’s freedom, voting rights and civil rights… 
 years ago, july , women at the seneca falls convention pledged to fight for women’s right to vote. today in… 
without our #sangabrielmountains natl monument many of us would not have the opportunity to enjoy outdoor recreatio… 
 : .’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  reagan. clint…
president trump’s trip abroad has been an utter embarrassment for our country. we call on republicans to join us in… 
 :  more russians were just indicted for charges relating to interference in our democratic process. trump should conde…
today’s indictment once again clearly shows russia attacked our democracy by meddling in the  election. congres… 
.’s goal for processing #daca renewal applications used to be  days but could take longer. assess whether… 
americans should not have to choose between keeping families together and securing our border. time to revive the f… 
. agrees that family detention is not the solution to address the forced separation of families at our… 
this week a judge dismissed  request to alter the flores settlement to allow long-term detention of… 
 : with the gop’s latest attacks on protections for americans with pre-existing conditions, there’s a strong chance the sup…
 : ¿qué esté en juego con la nominación a la corte suprema hecha por el presidente trump? el derecho fundamental de todas las…
the affordable care act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions, which more than half of all wom… 
 : brett kavanaugh has been clear where he stands on a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. the senate must #st…
 : . is using this nomination as a destructive tool on a generation of progress for workers, women, lgbtq peo…
this is what happens when you separate kids from their parents &amp; force a -yr-old to stand before a judge.“the judg… 
this supreme court vacancy should not be used as a political weapon. #roevwade is legal precedent. it has been law… 
the next administrator must be focused on our responsibility to future generations, incorporating the concerns of n… 
administrator pruitt’s resignation is welcome, but long overdue. we hope his replacement will be more concerned abo… 
for residents of the nd district—for assistance with va claims, call the el monte district office at --… 
thank you to ,  military &amp; veterans affairs dept., and the  for hosting, to all o… 
it was a special honor this year to celebrate the th birthday of world war ii veteran, robert herrick of west co… 
great seeing everyone at our th annual veterans forum in azusa on saturday. more than  people attended, incl. o… 
 : these men and women were targeted for doing their job - reporting on the community they cherished and constantly seeki…
we are disappointed by today’s ruling, but we are not defeated. we will continue fighting for policies that empower… 
teachers, police officers, firefighters, and other union workers earn higher pay and have better access to medical… 
it is an unprecedented attack on the labor movement, which has helped bring countless individuals out of poverty, e… 
in siding with corporations over people, #scotus is undercutting the freedom of all public service workers to negot… 
on this #lgbtequalityday, we celebrate the historic decisions that have been made on this date and vow to continue… 
#netneutrality protects small businesses and innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field… 
the ruling does not change the facts about president trump, and it does not stop our fight against bigotry. we will… 
today's #scotus decision to uphold pres. trump’s xenophobic muslim ban represents another shameful mark on our nati… 
 : watch tonight's continued shadow hearing on the impact &amp; human cost of president trump’s cruel #familyseparation polic…
voting is a right, not a privilege. five years after the supreme court gutted the vra, americans want the full free… 
we will not let up until every family that was unjustly ripped apart is reunited! #familiesbelongtogther… 
veterans will be able to meet one-on-one with va representatives to receive updates on pending claims and help expe… 
next saturday,  and i will host the th annual free veterans forum with special guest, supervisor… 
today i joined  and more than  other women in the house in sending a letter demanding that the trum… 
 : live:  and  host a forum on family separation at the u.s.-mexican border. …
 : i'm about to go live with my colleagues for a hearing on trump's family separation and incarceration policies. make no mist…
we call on the president to immediately end his administration’s zero tolerance policy, which has led to the prolon… 
like family separation, family detention is traumatic and harmful to child development. jails holding families will… 
separating children from their parents is inhumane, but locking families up together is not the solution to the cri… 
children should not be ripped from the arms of their parents. babies need to stay with their loving parents. the… 
 : democrats are calling for an end to trump’s barbaric family separation policy. #familiesbelongtogether  watch here 👇 https…
the u.s. has long been a beacon of fairness &amp; safety, ensuring that children &amp; families fleeing oppression and hard… 
separating children from their parents is inhumane, indefensible, and is a form of emotional violence. there is no… 
 : it's clear that trump is using the lives of children, mothers, and fathers as political bargaining chips to get his nat…
 : . is giving america a false choice. protecting our borders doesn’t mean tearing apart families – and we have…
 : if republican attacks on protections for people with pre-existing conditions succeed, millions of women, older americans,…
today we commemorate the th anniversary of #daca, recognizing the successes of the program &amp; all young dreamers wh… 
 : the  has spent millions investigating clinton, yet they refuse to compel the trump administration to turn over do…
we reject trump’s heartless decision to bar asylum to the most vulnerable victims of domestic &amp; gang violence.seeki… 
 : hace dos años,  vidas fueron arrebatadas y muchas otras destruidas por el ataque contra la comunidad lgbtq en el club no…
today, june , we recognize the st international #nashday to raise awareness about nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (… 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
despite overwhelming public support, the trump ’s repeal of #netneutrality starts today. i’m calling for a vote… 
 : rep.  congratulates #calguard's sunburst youth challenge academy honor graduate dante long, saturday mornin…
last year, the  voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now… 
 : six months ago, america’s families were told their interests were at the heart of the #goptaxscam.  today, big oil &amp; gas a…
the trump administration's practice of separating families is inhumane. we are not living up to the values that thi… 
#equalpay isn’t a women’s issue. it impacts our families, our workforce, and our economy. we must close the #paygap now. #equalpayact
 years ago, #griswoldvct guaranteed women the freedom to make their own choices about their career, their family,… 
 : bus drivers take to capitol hill to demand protective shields on all buses  #u #publictransit #safebus…
 : last week, we learned that thousands more americans died in #hurricanemaria than previously acknowledged by the trump a…
 : i joined 's ,  &amp;  in calling on the administration to end…
we must do everything we can to stop assaults on bus drivers and reduce bus accidents with available technology. re… 
our bipartisan, bicameral legislation seeks to protect bus drivers from assaults, increase public safety by elimina… 
i was proud to join  and  in introducing the bus operator and pedestrian protection act. 
today we heard directly from bus operators who traveled from all over the u.s. to share their stories so more may k… 
every day we hear major news stories of bus drivers being beaten, having items thrown at them, spitted upon, and ve… 
 : happening now:  members  , ,  and chairman …
proud to stand w/my democratic colleagues calling for an end to this administration’s heartless act of separating f… 
 : president trump seems to be under the impression that he is the embodiment of the department of justice and that he is…
we as a nation have a moral responsibility not to endanger human health, mental health, and child development, and… 
many families have escaped trauma in their home countries only to face additional trauma at the hands of those they… 
the trump administration’s practice of separating children from their parents is inhumane and un-american.… 
in el monte, azusa, and la verne today honoring the valor of all courageous patriots, resting in peace in cemeterie… 
 : our tribute to veterans and military families is always a special way to start memorial day weekend. thanks fritz colema…
 : what  &amp;  told working americans: the #goptaxscam would create jobs here.   what actually happene…
 : if you had #daca and your daca issuance was cut short by dhs (meaning dhs terminated your daca), you can renew your dac…
attention dreamers! right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for da… 
 : during today's full committee markup we will consider the bipartisan water resources development act of . #wrdaworks…
 : thread:  meet john gore.  mr. gore is ’s acting assistant attorney general.    mr. gore isn’t a fan of an…
 : live! chairman , , , and  discuss #abetterdeal for our democracy → htt…
 : live now with   on engaging and supporting families in suicide prevention  #mhm #endstigm…
i will vote against s. , the #banklobbyistact, which would make our country more vulnerable to another financia… 
 : at pm i'll be live with  &amp;  for a discussion on engaging and supporting families in suicide…
 : the #goptaxscam was only the beginning. the big banks have sent their best lobbyists to dc to pass the #banklobbyistact…
people who access care through title x — many of whom are uninsured, have low incomes, or are people of color — wou… 
#titlex gives women access to contraception and more control over their lives, health, careers, &amp; economic security… 
proud to join my republican &amp; democratic colleagues in signing the discharge petition, which reflects the will of t… 
mourning the innocent lives gunned down at santa fe high school today. we have failed in allowing these tragedies t… 
 : . speaks out against the #farmbill: "by repealing the #cleanwaterrule we are telling the american people that… i’ve lost track of how many in trump’s #cabinetofcorruption are or have been under investigation – let’s hope our j… 
 : hey  --   stop with the lies and distractions &amp; actually stand up for pre-existing condition protections.…
president trump can’t change the constitution unilaterally – we live in a democracy whether he likes it or not.   w… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
it’s always a pleasure to meet with business owners and leaders in my district. last week’s meeting with the… 
my constituent meetings don’t typically include serenades, but i don’t mind when they do! it was a pleasure to meet… 
today i stood with cook county legislators, advocates, and administrators to denounce the president’s cruel proposa… 
gun violence and anti-semitism tore through a place of worship today and shook a nation. both must be addressed wit… 
as a jewish woman, as an american, and as a peace-loving human being, i am horrified by the terrorist attack that t… 
 : today, i joined ,  &amp; other #illinois #democrats in releasing a staggering report detailing…
i would like to take a moment to say thank you to    et. al. for their vigil… 
this report demonstrates how, yet again, republicans are benefitting corporations and billionaires and leaving ever… 
tune in! 
our health and trade policies need to go in the same direction – lowering prescription drug costs and making sure t… 
i am gratified to see the administration’s interest in curbing the soaring costs of prescription drugs and offering… 
 : to stand up #forthepeople,  consistently takes meaningful steps to lower rx prices &amp; make actual change.…
💪🏼💪🏼  #forthepeople 
we should not tolerate this anti-democratic behavior in an ally of the united states.
by supporting honduran president hernández while barely questioning the apparent human rights violations … 
ending that behavior is a necessary first step to restoring an atmosphere in which political and policy differences… 
while we do not know who is behind the current terrorist actions, hateful language, name-calling and rhetorical tar… 
no one should live in terror because of their willingness to contribute to the public debate or perform public service.
i am grateful to the brave law enforcement authorities who protected the lives of individuals targeted by bombs sen… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
“despite their army of lobbyists,” ms. schakowsky said, “drug companies should be very, very worried. drug costs wi… 
 : this nation's darkest days have always come when our government deemed civil rights conditional. ’s ongo…
the administration’s plan to narrowly define gender is a vicious and direct attack on the #trans community. i will… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
 : this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now  f…
la caravana de migrantes que se dirige hacia nuestra frontera es el resultado directo del régimen antidemocrático d… 
version en español: 
the migrant caravan struggling toward our border is a direct result of juan orlando hernandez’s anti-democratic reg… 
instead of admitting some responsibility in creating the violent situation in honduras, president trump is scapegoa… 
 : take it from republican hero ronald reagan: social security has absolutely nothing to do with the deficit.  cc  h…
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
i’ll proudly put this “a+” score up on my fridge! thanks  
 : big pharma received massive tax breaks and lined their pockets with new profits instead of making prescription drugs m…
in september, ,  and i led a similar letter to the ceo of  asking why so much… 
i thank my colleagues   ,   … 
it is unconscionable that these corporations are using their multi-billion-dollar tax savings to benefit wealthy st… 
that’s why today  of my colleagues and i sent letters to the ceos of   corporations that benefit from corp… 
a life-saving drug is % ineffective when it is unaffordable. drug companies are making record profits and receiv… 
“chauvinist president acts like a chauvinist” is an evergreen headline.   “republican leaders are complacent and si… 
meet mary mahew, the president’s disastrous pick to run #medicaid. she has dedicated her career to dismantling main… 
i have said it before and i will say it again and again until every child is reunited and we can hold someone accou… 
add mitch mcconnell's statement today to the long list of republican plans to cut social security, medicare and med… 
here we go. this has been the republican plan all along – explode the deficit with trillion-dollar tax cuts to bill… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
i support the administration’s proposed rule today to require pharmaceutical corporations to disclose the list pric… 
i joined  in sponsoring the drug-price transparency in communications act, which includes a provision… 
this comes days after a major un report outlined just how much damage we’ve already done to our environment. you ca… 
president trump’s pick for assistant ag for environment and natural resources calls climate change science “contest… 
the proposed #publiccharge rule is cruel and discriminatory. it will cause children to go hungry, women to lose hea… 
yesterday i met with community leaders, faith leaders, hospital representatives, and immigration advocates to discu… 
it’s no wonder republicans are attacking #medicareforall – they don’t want real medicare for anyone.  they’ve been… 
 : thank you to longtime social security champion  for fighting for seniors and americans with disabilities! #expan…
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all social security beneficiaries and a stronger cola. i am proud t… 
did you know that the average ss monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger social security that reflects the… 
congratulations to dr. mukwege on an exceptionally well-deserved nobel prize. i first met dr. mukwege in  and h… 
in case you’re interested, here’s the  fact-check on president trump bogus op-ed:  
while republicans have been busy cooking new ways to take away your earned benefits, democrats are coming up with p… 
the seniors task force, which i co-chair with rep. , recently released a report detailing the never-end… 
according to the , in president trump’s usa today op-ed “almost every sentence contained a misleadin… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
i stood with  and my friends at  today to protest president trump’s inhumane decision to clos… 
 : today i joined  and advocates at  to discuss the trump administration’s shameful decision – in…
stop and frisk is not “smart on crime” --it is discriminatory and dehumanizing. study after study, done in chicago… 
this day will live in infamy. every supreme court decision brett #kavanaugh makes will be tainted with the indelibl… 
today, the republican senate will send a clear message to american women and survivors of sexual violence everywher… 
 : on thursday  and multiple local elected officials were arrested alongside striking #fightfor workers outs…
privatizing a war puts money first and leaves mercenaries unchecked. i introduced h.r. , the stop outsourcing s… 
we are now being arrested as a result of our fight for  and union rights.  #fightfor #unionsforall 
"we are here for  dollars an hour and a union, and when we fight, we win!" #fightfor #unionrightsforall 
we are now sitting in front of mcdonald's hq, demanding union rights and a fair wage! #fightfor #unionrightsforall 
we are now outside mcdonalds hq as part of the fight for  #fightfor #unionsforall 
 : rep.  just joined the #fightfor strikers marching on  headquarters in chicago.   she was the firs…
 : yeah that’s right,  joins our march and carries the banner for our #fightfor and a union! #hospitalworkersr…
today i am marching to support unions! #unionsforall #fightfor 
shame on any senator who uses this sham of an investigation as cover to vote for #kavanaugh. a yes vote on him is a… 
yesterday i visited the , a non-profit that promotes the reduction of waste in landfills through su… 
facts: donald trump, a man with more than  accusations of sexual assault to his name, openly and publicly mocked… 
i had the privilege of touring the thermalcare manufacturing plant today, where more than  #union strong workers… 
my friend senator  has already introduced the same bill in the senate.   read more about it here: 
that's why today, ,  and i introduced the women's pension protection act. the bill impro… 
as we work to win full equality for women in america, we cannot overlook the retirement gap. because they are much… 
this homophobic and retrograde action has no place in our country.   it’s no wonder the united nations openly laugh… 
an important step in the right direction! another win for the #fightfor.   i echo the sentiment voiced by … 
i spoke to  yesterday about whether or not brett #kavanaugh lied during his senate testimony and why it… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
we owe it to the american people to protect their data. clearly, self-regulation has failed.   
the callous disregard for privacy and data security exhibited by american corporations is an outrage. by refusing t… 
another massive data breach. another empty apology from a ceo. another  million users’ privacy irrevocably breach… 
 : today i led  to the #senatejudiciarycommittee to demand a postponement on the #kavanaughconfirmationhear…
 : we’re proud of our members, ,   , , , …
 : dem house lawmakers just stood up, seemed to be staring at the judiciary committee, and then walked out: …
 : house dem women now standing up in protest 
 : in judiciary hearing room with  now. #mepolitics 
i’m walking into the judiciary committee room now.   #cancelkavanaugh
 : marching with rep.  in protest of advancing the kavanaugh’s nomination without an fbi investigation. we wa…
we’re here.   #cancelkavanugh 
happening now: marching with  to the senate judiciary committee yo protest the vote on #kavanaugh. we… 
marching over to the senate judiciary committee with  to protest the vote on #kavanaugh. we… 
attractive and pleasing?????  how about honest, inspiring and brave????  this is exactly why republican senators we… 
 : this morning, i hand-delivered a statement, signed by  democratic members, to , urging an immediate post…
christine blasey ford’s courage is immeasurable. her story is harrowing. as sen. leahy said, “bravery is contagious… 
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
worth noting – again – that the six highest ranking republicans on the judiciary committee voted against the… 
my  colleagues and i delivered a clear message to  today: #postponethevote. we… 
as today’s #kavanaugh hearing gets underway, we keep all survivors of sexual violence in our thoughts. we see you,… 
 : happening now!  delivering a letter to  calling to #postponethevote on kavanaugh until there is a…
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
the introduction of my bill comes the same day as a brand new study from the  found scores of unlisted… 
in non #kavanaugh-related news, today i introduced a bill banning toxic ingredients from personal care products.… 
 : in a new joint statement, , , rep  and  tell  to stop the…
as republicans try to pass their #goptaxscam . before leaving town, i took some time during to explain how corpor… 
... unless you’re merrick garland   ??? 
standing with  and  to declare unequivocally that we #believesurvivors and want their st… 
 : tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
there are first-hand accounts, sworn affidavits, and witnesses who can be subpoenaed. this is no democratic 'con jo… 
enough is enough. republicans are actively trying to steamroll an alleged serial sexual abuser towards a lifetime a… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : . continues to ignore the growing number of sexual assault allegations against #brettkavanaugh in a frantic…
are you registered to #vote?   today is #nationalvoterregistrationday – take some time to make sure you will make y… 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, make sure you’re exercising your sacred right to #vote – and take some time to ta… 
our democracy works when everyone is engaged. our country thrives when citizens #vote. there’s so much at stake -- #beavoter #womenvote
trump today: “the united states is the world’s largest giver in the world by far of foreign aid. but few give anyth… 
trump today: “the united states is the world’s largest giver in the world by far of foreign aid. but few give anyth… 
trump today: “the united states is the world’s largest giver in the world by far of foreign aid. but few give anyth… 
trump’s campaign pledge to stop drug companies from “getting away with murder” was one of the few things i thought… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
these  men chair the judiciary committee and its subcommittees. every one of them voted against the reauthorizatio… 
#believesurvivors 
proud of my dc staff for participating in today’s walkout to support survivors and #cancelkavanaugh.   #kavanope 
paul ryan, mitch mcconnell, and their republican colleagues must join democrats in speaking out and taking immediat… 
as the grip of history tightens around us, republicans in congress must decide which side they want to be on. will… 
 : esta semana presenté el discurso semanal demócrata con respecto al primer aniversario de #maria. exigimos respuestas de…
#unionstrong #chicagohotelstrike 
 : you can see good friends on the picket line! ⁦⁩ 
big  is at it again. they are trying to use an opioid bill to give themselves a $ billion bailout. these are… 
as seniors and families struggle with skyrocketing prescription drug prices and a raging opioid epidemic, big… 
. needs to stand up for all americans. a first step would be acknowledging the #puertoricodeathtoll… 
 : thank you ,  &amp;  for calling for the release of wrongfully imprisoned  journali…
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
one year later, we must honor the , victims of #hurricanemaria with action – committing ourselves to supporting… 
 : a year after hurricane maria, ripple effects continue for chicago's puerto rican community -  https://t.co…
i applaud dr. christine blasey ford's courage for coming forward despite the chaos and frenzy that she will undoubt… 
 : dr. christine blasey ford is risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand a thorough investigation of the al…
 : % of fast-food workers have reported experiencing sexual harassment. that is simply unacceptable.   we must stand with th…
% is % too many.   #metoo #fightfor 
 : “no single worker in any industry in the last century has gone on strike for sexual harassment so today, fast food worke…
proud to support these workers in the #fightfor and their #metoo strike today. 💪🏼 
i was proud to lead this bipartisan letter with  and .     journalists were j… 
 : tlhrc members rep  and  along with  led a letter to  encouraging th…
as humanitarian catastrophes continue to worsen the global refuge crisis,  shuts america’s doors fu… 
 : today, i stood with my democratic colleagues     …
read the report prepared by  on how many people in cook county are living w/ pre-existing conditions… 
i asked everyone in the room today to raise their hand if they had a pre-existing condition. this is why we must ke… 
 : thanks to , , , ,  and  for gath…
our fight to protect americans’ health care in washington and in springfield will go on. we must #protectourcare 
if you have a pre-existing condition – whether it’s cancer, diabetes, depression or asthma – you are at risk. if yo… 
read the report here: 
today we're unveiling a report that outlines how more than one-quarter of a million residents of cook county who bu… 
shame on the all-male panel of republican senators on the judiciary committee if they try to silence an accuser or… 
there is no statute of limitations on human decency. it is inconceivable for the united states senate to move forwa… 
 : even with their #goptaxscam savings, companies still aren't increasing wages. i joined  and several other dem…
 : thank you rep.  and ! 
 : republicans promised that their first #taxscam would result in workers receiving $, raises. those pay increases didn’…
 : tax windfalls from the #goptaxscam should be used to increase the wages of hard-working people that power businesses ac…
republicans spent their day trying to pass the #taxscam through the ways and means committee.   meanwhile, i,… 
huge corporations and their ceos are receiving all of the benefits of the #goptaxscam. workers have gotten the shaf… 
i sent a letter in support of this provision with a bipartisan group of house members, and the pharma lobby still m… 
in case you’ve ever wondered how much power big pharma has on capitol hill, a bipartisan provision that even presid… 
this pharma exec says he has a ‘moral requirement’ to increase the price of a drug by %.   i have a bipartisan b… 
 : today at am, over  democrats will be introducing the #expandsocialsecurity caucus:  …
we will fight back against efforts to privatize, weaken, or otherwise attack this benefit that americans have earne… 
fdr created social security in , at the height of the great depression.   we are the richest country in the wor… 
i'm proud to be a founding member of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus, which we're launching today. 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
desperate to give yet another handout to their donors, republicans are busy trying to pass “tax .” – another mass… 
as if one #goptaxscam wasn’t bad enough, republicans are coming back for more. the  is pushing “tax .”, a con… 
welcome to the family, dr. wen!   i look forward to working with you and planned parenthood to expand women’s acces… 
 : meet our new president, . 
ahead of hurricane season, the trump administration diverted $ million from fema to fund their immigration and de… 
, americans died during hurricane maria, mr. president. with #florence barreling toward our coast, i truly hope… 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
seventeen years ago today, thousands of innocent american lives were lost in a haze of fire and steel that would ch… 
seventeen years after the defining tragedy of our era, we must continue to make sure that the lives lost on… 
 : republicans should be ashamed of their efforts to destroy critical pre-existing condition protections that keep insura…
 : icymi:  sums up yesterday’s hearing with twitter ceo  in  seconds. 
the trump administration is going to court in an attempt to hold minors in detention for even longer. the inhumanit… 
color me shocked. these leaked documents reveal what we’ve known all along – brett kavanaugh has no respect for roe… 
today, on the first anniversary of president trump’s inhumane, ill-advised plan to end the #daca program, my office… 
with everything else going on, republicans decided to call a hearing on their conspiracy theory about conservative… 
day two of the kavanaugh hearings is under way. protestors, demonstrators, and activists have not let up the pressu… 
one of my favorite signs from the rally last night. this about sums it up:  kava-nope.   #stopkavanaugh 
 : joined americans with pre-ex conditions like kelly gregory, who was diagnosed with breast cancer, to discuss how the gop’s l…
 : once again, republicans are trying to take away protections for those with pre-existing conditions. democrats will contin…
meanwhile, democrats are fighting #forthepeople. 
today, republicans are going to court to take away coverage from people with pre-existing conditions. yet another a… 
 : the gop is actively seeking to strike down protections for nearly  million americans living with pre-existing condition… no president, including this one, can change our constitution with an executive order. this isn’t a serious proposa… 
reminder that i am hosting a veterans town hall with  tomorrow, october  at the medeiros veterans ce… 
sat down with jesse from new technology high school to talk about immigration and what i am working on to fix our i… 
did you know that you can now sign up for health insurance through ? now is the time to review your optio… 
looking forward to seeing our sonoma valley community at my town hall on thursday at :pm at dunbar school in gle… 
 : 
 : the national weather service has issued a red flag warning, from  pm tonight -  am wed. red flag warning means critical…
the marad reserve fleet at suisun bay hosted another successful safety day with demonstrations from the red cross,… 
 : 🚨red flag warning 🚩is now in effect for the n mts and e bay hills beginning tonight.  gusty winds and low relative humidity…
 : a #redflagwarning has been issued for tonight through wednesday morning for portions of interior northern california for incr…
 : **red flag warning** ... in effect from  pm this evening (monday) to  am weds for gusty offshore winds &amp; low humidity…
john baker has worked tirelessly on his eagle scout project, designing and completing several rest areas along moor… 
last night our community joined in solidarity to mourn those killed at the tree of life synagogue yesterday and sta… 
while i was down in martinez this week, i stopped by  to check out its great new bikes. great local… 
jan and i are thinking of justice sandra day o’connor this week and keeping her in our prayers. 
lake county – don’t forget that i am hosting a veterans town hall with  this wednesday at the medeiros… 
are you and your family planning on trick or treating this halloween? check out these helpful tips from… 
tragic news out of pittsburgh this morning. heartbroken for the families of those killed and sending support to tho… 
great to sit down with the new napa county agricultural commissioner, humberto izquierdo to talk about what we can… 
thank you to the fbi and local law enforcement in cities across the country for your outstanding work investigating… 
had a wonderful evening celebrating public lands and the success of  in conserving our region’s incredib… 
stopped by the martinez kiwanis to give members an update on what i am working on in martinez to help constituents… 
over and over president makes outlandish claims, from the values of democrats, to the gop tax breaks bill, to pre-e… 
#fahm is a chance to celebrate the contributions the community has made to our local politics, businesses, heal… 
the press is not the enemy of the people. in fact, our nation's freedom of the press is much of what separates us f… 
today’s threats of violence at public figures and news organizations are absolutely unacceptable. thank you to the… 
joined an incredible group of students in newtown, ct yesterday to talk about what we can do to #endgunviolence. th… 
icymi i am hosting a town hall for sonoma county next thursday, november st at :pm at the dunbar school in glen… 
icymi i am hosting a veterans town hall with  next wednesday, october  at the medeiros veterans cent… 
incredible excitement and enthusiasm from young people about getting involved in our community at friday’s… 
had a great time talking to engaged young people at  about the importance of making your voice heard throu… 
this week, i with some of the clinicians and medical professionals who created and manage the va post deployment as… 
great to see so many in our community out to support our first responders at this morning’s sonoma valley fire and… 
for  years,  has been an integral partner in raising awareness and funds to support local cancer pat… 
senate majority leader mcconnell told reporters this week that republicans may try again to repeal the aca and tear… 
every credible report indicates saudi officials assassinated journalist jamal khashoggi and so sec mnuchin and all… 
lake county vets: i am hosting a veterans town hall with  on oct  at the medeiros veterans center at… 
thank you to the leadership santa rosa for your work building our community’s leaders. glad to meet with you today… 
 : wed / - #nvc police chief ken arnold was honored by u.s. congressman mike thompson, state senator bill dodd &amp; assemblyme…
everyone in our community should know what to do in case of an earthquake. so don’t forget to participate in '… 
i was deeply humbled to take a moment to honor that service today. join me in thanking these veterans and their fam… 
as is inscribed on the korean war memorial in washington, d.c., “our nation honors our sons and daughters who answe… 
today i was honored to help present the korean ambassador for peace medal to  of our veterans and their families,… 
started the day back at my alma mater, , discussing the incredible work community colleges do to prepare… 
this medal was a recognition of their sacrifice to our nation and a moment to remember the injustices far too many… 
last night, i was humbled to present the congressional gold medal to  local filipino and filipino-american world… 
the deficit grew $ billion because of the gop tax cut bill that gave a break to big corporations and the richest… 
did you know that the open enrollment period when you and your family can get health insurance through  b… 
stopped by factory os and intermodal structures, both new businesses on mare island. exciting developments for our… 
 : [public safety power shutoff update] as of :pm, +k customers restored in north bay &amp; sierra foothills. we expect to restor…
did you know that contra costa electric supplies construction, engineering and facilities and energy services to co… 
started the day at  with  reminding students to get registered to vote. don’t forget the deadli… 
congratulations to  which was recognized with an epa green power leader award for its commitment to renewable e… 
 : update: latest info from pg&amp;e indicates that the power shutoffs planned for tonight do not currently impact customers re…
 : update on offshore winds: peak winds today have been atop mt. diablo ( mph) and also mt. st. helena (- mph). second g…
what an incredibly inspirational and powerful exhibit at the  depicting the one year anniversary of th… 
 : pg&amp;e has advised napa county of planned power outages to approximately  customers for public safety due to extreme weat…
 : extreme wind forecast: pg&amp;e to proactively turn off power for safety in portions of sierra foothills communities; north bay lat…
 : take steps to be prepared. here are things to have &amp; do:   🥫 food 💧 water 💵 cash  ⛽️ fuel  📱 charge phones  📻 battery-operated…
 : pg&amp;e public safety power shutoff program may affect the city of lakeport. 
 : due to predicted weather over the next  days &amp; potential for extreme fire danger, pg&amp;e may implement public safety po…
 : lakepo pd: pg&amp;e public safety power shutoff program may affect the city of lakeport.  reply wi…
 : 🚩red flag warning🚩 continues for the north bay mountains and east bay hills through noon monday. offshore winds combined wi…
 : the winds aloft are picking up and rh levels dropping. please do not do anything outdoors that can cause a spark. if you se…
 : preparing for a potential public safety power shutoff. learn more: 
 : due to predicted weather over the next  days &amp; potential for extreme fire danger, pg&amp;e may implement public safety powe…
 : we will only consider turning off power in the interest of safety due to extreme fire danger conditions. learn more about publi…
good news – sba is now offering disaster loans to nonprofits in lake county who were hurt by the #mendocinocomplex… 
ensuring access to affordable housing is an essential part of our recovery process. proud to break ground on a new… 
 : a red flag warning issued by the national weather service went into effect at  p.m. saturday and will continue until  p…
 : northern california counties - prepare for another #redflagwarning - remain aware and informed. have an emergency plan and…
 : pg&amp;e safety alert: extreme weather &amp; fire-danger may cause power outages. have your plan ready. more info: …
 : we are ready in the event pg&amp;e shuts down power to parts of sonoma county. are you? learn more and get prepared: https:…
 : pg&amp;e urges customers to be prepared for possible proactive power shut off for some customers in portions of the following count…
got to officiate the wedding of my former staffer, sean hamlin, and his wife, sonoma city council member rachel hun… 
 : power outage preparedness  
 : due to evolving weather &amp; potential extreme fire danger, pg&amp;e may proactively shut off power for safety to some customers in pa…
exciting news – the water quality advisory for fountaingrove has been lifted and water quality has been restored! t… 
 : **red flag warning**... in effect from midnight tonight to noon monday for gusty offshore winds and low relative humidit…
it’s fire prevention week and especially in our community, it’s an important reminder to ensure we are prepared in… 
thank you to sonoma valley community health center for letting me stop by to learn more about the great work you ar… 
great to see my friend onome ojo is recovering well after suffering serious injuries while on duty as a police offi… 
it is the wrong choice to put a former bp oil spill attorney in charge of environmental law at the justice departme… 
humbled to join local leaders to unveil the new deputy sheriff robert rumfelt memorial highway in lakeport. he was… 
during #miaw take a moment to find out what you can do to help #curestigma and remember that you are not alone. if… 
today my loyal and hardworking deputy chief of staff, brad onorato, celebrates his st birthday! he has done so mu… 
 : it’s cool when your congressman rides bikes! great to have  join us st ! what an integral part of…
reminder that you have less than a week to submit your app design to my  congressional app challenge! all middl… 
with flu season in full swing, don’t forget to get a flu shot and keep you, your family, and your friends safe from… 
glad to stop by today’s clear lake blue ribbon committee hearing and thank  and all our local leader… 
tom was also a friend that i loved dearly. he was one of my long time mentors and i will miss him every day. my tho… 
we mourn the passing of solano county's favorite son, tom hannigan. tom was a vietnam combat veteran and fierce adv… 
our community gathered tonight to mark one year since last year’s tragic fires and laud the bravery of our first re… 
honored to receive a gold resolution from the sonoma county board of supervisors today as we mark one year since la… 
just finished reading the comeback and it’s a great read. what do you think — is greg lemond the best u.s. athlete ever?
so glad to see our community turn out strong to mark one year since the fires and celebrate our community partners… 
tonight, sonoma county stood #sonomastrong and proud marking how far we have come in recovery and recommitting ours… 
one year ago, our lives were thrust into turmoil by the most destructive fire our state has ever seen. as we reflec… 
thank you to all who turned out to celebrate our first responders at today’s together in hope event in santa rosa. 
green island road: pge on scene and expects road to reopen by midnight.  
team thompson did an incredible job in today’s warrior’s cup whaleboat challenge! great chance to celebrate vallejo… 
american canyon road is now open to traffic. fire has been extinguished. 
american canyon road is closed between i- and via firenze due to a contained fire. 
large smoke plume visible at s/e end of county is from a solano county fire. no threat to napa county. 
what a fun ride in today’s granfondo benefitting the . i am so proud of all the incredible work… 
great to talk to so many supporters of the granfondo at last night’s dinner. thanks  for a great nig… 
reminder that there are only a few days left to submit your work to my  congressional app challenge. middle and… 
proud to recognize pat kerrigan with a community catalyst award for her hard work supporting catwalk for a cure for… 
deeply disappointed that the senate voted to advance judge kavanaugh’s nomination to a final vote tomorrow. as i’ve… 
last night’s th annual festa de fondo was an incredible celebration of our community and the difference the… 
proud to stand with community leaders from  to celebrate the new, affordable housing they built for… 
yesterday’s senseless shooting in south carolina was a tragedy and we are heartbroken for the law enforcement offic… 
proud to announce my bill to help medicare beneficiaries access medication therapy management programs passed the s… 
our second responders stepped in after last year’s fires to coordinate response efforts and relief, supporting our… 
northern lake county — a flash flood warning has been issued for the area. please remain alert and follow all guida… 
as we near the anniversary of last year’s tragic wildfires, our community pauses to remember and reflect. we must c… 
attention lake county: the lake county sheriff's office has flagged this flash flood watch for parts… 
fyi today at :am there will be a test of our national wireless emergency alert system. be advised that you may… 
stood with our community last night to reflect one year since the fires and recommit ourselves to providing support… 
republicans left town without reauthorizing the land and water conservation fund, which helps protect public lands… 
this is a despicable way to treat children that could have a harmful impact on them for the rest of their lives. i… 
great event celebrating vallejo’s sister city this weekend. thank you to all who turned out to celebrate, including… 
middle and high school students – don’t forget to sign up to participate in my  congressional app challenge and… 
today marks one year since the horrific shooting at a concert in las vegas. we remember those lives lost and keep t… 
this week’s state of the latino community forum, hosted by los cien sonoma county, was a critically important discu… 
honored to recognize carlene crocker as one of ’s heroes of october. carlene sprang into action the night the… 
fun evening at the th annual hands across the valley event to support food safety net programs across the napa va… 
great blessing of the grapes this morning at the valley of the moon  celebrating our community’s ri… 
what a treat to chat with chrystal johnson, a teacher at , about what we can work on to support and… 
since day one, i’ve opposed judge kavanugh’s nomination. he’s the wrong candidate for our nation’s highest court an… 
every single american should be truly frightened by this analysis. though it’s long past due, we absolutely must co… 
yesterday on first responders appreciation day, i was glad to honor some of our incredible local first responders f… 
an electrical outage has occurred in the area of middletown and parts of cobb mountain. situation being fixed. 
the tax cuts giveaway the majority is putting for a vote tomorrow is unpaid for and will significantly harm medicar… 
as co-chair of the wildlife refuge caucus, i kicked off the wildlife refuge expo, hosted by the , and di… 
glad to have dr. daniel mirda from napa and other physicians from the  in my office today to talk about how we… 
stood with my colleagues in support of dr. christine blasey ford ahead of her testimony tomorrow. she must be heard… 
so honored to have our district’s  angel in adoption, lake county supervisor tina scott, in washington today. s… 
so much for fiscal responsibility from the republican party. 
happy birthday to my friend and colleague, ! 
reminder to #mendocinocomplex and #pawneefire survivors – the deadline to submit to participate in the … 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, don’t forget to make sure you are registered! californians, the deadline to regis… 
per  oes: red flag warning in effect until pm tuesday for low humidity and dry offshore winds for all… 
icymi i am now accepting applications for my  congressional app challenge! middle and high school students are… 
check out this sweet ride featured at the rodeo chili and salsa cook off and car show yesterday afternoon! 
so glad i could stop by and recognize bennet free on achieving the rank of eagle scout! he worked on his project to… 
great to see friends from across our community at the #sonomacountywineauction this afternoon, hosted by sonoma cou… 
today we honored the service of our men and women in uniform who were prisoners of war or missing in action. we sta… 
icymi i am now accepting applications from young people across our district who wish to apply to one of our nation’… 
exciting news – the  has opened some recreation areas that were closed due to the #mendocinocomplex fires! cl… 
great evening at the youth literacy program hosted by the . thank you to all who came out to help mentor o… 
per  oes: there is a red flag warning in effect from pm tonight through pm tomorrow. please take al… 
#mendocinocomplex and #pawnee fires survivors – if you would like to participate in the debris removal program, you… 
productive first community violence prevention roundtable, hosted by the solano partnership against violence. thank… 
last week, republicans on the ways and means committee voted unanimously for a tax cut giveaway to the richest %,… 
lake county – the disaster recovery center for the #mendocinocomplex fires is transitioning to an sba disaster loan… 
did you know that  is the birthplace of the martini? great martinis on the plaza celebration hosted… 
september is national suicide prevention month, a chance for all of us to promote suicide prevention awareness and… 
thank you to all the volunteers who came out for this weekend’s east bay stand down  to offer resources and su… 
what an incredible afternoon at the th annual music festival for brain health hosted by my friends garen and shar… 
great turnout at this morning’s  zero prostate cancer run and walk napa valley! thank you to everyone who came… 
exciting opening of the solano county mobile food pharmacy truck launched by solano county public health and yoche… 
this is hypocrisy — we shouldn’t be turning our backs on those who need help the most, we should be providing a pat… 
today, he and the rest of the republicans on the house committee on ways and means voted against my amendment that… 
last year after hurricanes ravaged his texas district, chairman brady offered a bill that provided targeted tax rel… 
markup of the latest iteration of the republicans’ tax breaks bill just wrapped up. the majority was more focused o… 
the irresponsible, unpaid for tax bill . makes the cap on state and local tax deductions permanent, unfairly pena… 
between the bill the majority is marking up today and last year’s tax breaks legislation, these bills will add more… 
the gop is holding a markup for the #taxscam .. it’s reckless policy focused on gifting huge tax breaks to the ri… 
proud to see such enthusiasm and engagement from students at maria carrillo high school yesterday morning. they are… 
great to talk to students and emeritus and retired faculty at  about what i am working on in congress and… 
. is celebrating  years of serving students and improving our community and we couldn’t be prouder o… 
republicans’ “tax .” is a continuation of their #taxscam. it increases our national debt by at least another $… 
what a fun end to the day yesterday talking to mia, molly, and sebastian about all the books they read this summer… 
#mendocinocomplex and #pawneefire survivors — lake county is hosting a virtual meeting about wildfire cleanup and d… 
today our nation remembers the tragic events seventeen years ago, pauses to honor those lives lost, and offers our… 
i think what the  meant to write here was: 👖 on 🔥 
per  oes, as of am the mandatory evacuation of snell valley road and berryessa estates is lifted and… 
sonoma county – reminder that there will be emergency alert tests conducted today and on wednesday and you may rece… 
congratulations to jimmie jackson and the entire community celebrating the th anniversary of the vallejo naacp!… 
per  oes: an evacuation shelter is now open at calistoga fairgrounds for residents impacted by… 
our community turned out strong to support the annual asha day benefitting . we are so proud of the inc… 
honored to start the day yesterday riding in the tour de fuzz with the vallejo police department benefitting the la… 
#snellfire road closures per  oes: snell valley road at intersection of butts canyon road and knoxvill… 
additional evacuation order: west side of berryessa knoxville road from pope creek bridge to county line 
alert: additional evacuations announced by the napa sheriff’s department.   west side of berryessa knoxville road f… 
per , mandatory evacuation on snell vly rd, all roads to snell valley, and berryessa estates 
sonoma county will be conducting emergency alert tests on september  and . you may receive a phone call, alert… 
this week i was honored to help recognize ronald wesley eick, jr. as the napa county teacher of the year! as a math… 
today the #mendocinocomplex fires disaster coordinator holds office hours from am-pm at the nylander park visito… 
did you know that the lake county fair has been held for nearly  years? great turnout this weekend with so many… 
great to be with community leaders from across the district who have been so instrumental in our recovery since las… 
lake county – don’t forget that the #mendocinocomplex disaster coordinator is holding office hours across the count… 
#mendocinocomplex fire survivors – the deadline to apply for individual assistance through  is oct ! call … 
reminder that the #mendocinocomplex disaster coordinator is holding open hours today from am to pm at the … 
with fires breaking out in lake county again last weekend, now is a good time to make sure you are subscribed to al… 
“americans shouldn’t have to live in fear of gun violence. it’s an issue that affects all of us—all generations and… 
lake county - the #mendocinocomplex fire recovery coordinator will be holding office hours to help you navigate the… 
kelsey fire update # ***  advisory evacuation wildfire near kelsey creek dr. and wight wy. kelseyville.  
kelsey fire update***  advisory evacuation wildfire near kelsey creek dr. and wight wy. kelseyville.    : politicians must stop weaponizing race and pointing their fingers at black and brown people and immigrants every time something…
 : thank you  for cosponsoring #hr: the #marijuana justice act! click below to urge your representative to support…
 : one week from today americans across the country will head to the polls. now's a good time to make a plan to vote:  . fi…
 : the #vetsforclaire team is in springfield where two-tour veteran  told folks, “whether it’s about military lend…
 : college shouldn't lead to a lifetime of debt. we have one week to help elect democrats who will make affordable higher ed…
 : there’s only a week until election day! make sure you know... 📍where you’re going to vote ⏰ what time you’re going to v…
 : claire mccaskill fights for veterans.  that's why these vietnam, iraq &amp; afghanistan veterans are proud to fight for her.  #te…
 : . can't name one missouri-specific issue that he cares about. we gave him a hint. #u 
 : over  missouri businesses like flowers and weeds are supporting prop b! a minimum wage increase means more local spe…
 : josh hawley is standing by doing nothing while veterans who served our country are being attacked in ads by the special int…
 : americans want us to get serious about addressing their issues, including the cost of prescription drug prices and protecti…
 : trump &amp; the  are talking about birthright citizenship because they can’t talk about pre-existing conditions.   they…
 : joe biden: "i am sick and tired of this administration. i'm sick and tired of what's going on. i'm sick and tired of bein…
 : the constitution &gt; executive order
 : it is time to bring back openness and accountability.  it is time to create solutions and work towards bringing our country…
it’s that #constitution thing... finds that very inconvenient.  about to get even more inconvenient… 
join out fight for #economicjustice #raisethewage  
 : heard a reporter today call birthright citizenship a "policy."   it is not. it is a right enshrined in the constitution.
 : the purging of the , voters from the rolls in georgia is one of the most intentional cases of voter suppression i…
vote like your #healthcare is on the ballot, because it is.  #iwillvote 
 : sitting down with stl city and county election authorities. they’re reminding press that all poll workers have been told,…
 : president trump claimed in an interview the u.s. is the "only country in the world" with birthright citizenship.  that's f…
 : we remember the  who were gunned down at pittsburgh's tree of life synagogue.  they lived good and decent lives. they leave be…
 : important thread on trump trying to cancel the th amendment through executive order. he can't do it. but the threat to…
 : by extending citizenship to those born in the u.s., the th amendment nullified an  supreme court decision (dred scott v…
 : our police family mourns with the friends and family of retired sergeant ralph harper, who honorably served this department for…
 : “words matter,” says pittsburg mayor . “if you take a drop of dye and put it into a glass of water it turns the color…
 : . ceo of  an agency that works with  and was targeted by pittsburgh shooter tells…
 : .: what president trump should know is that people are listening to him. and some are acting on what they hear. h…
 : 🚨josh hawley is the darling of dark money🚨 he thinks that big corporations and special interest donors are more important t…
 : republicans’ plan: weaken current protections for preexisting conditions, slap you with an age tax, increase the uninsured…
 : . is on #teamclaire because he knows there’s no one fighting harder to make sure our veterans get the care they de…
 : former vice president joe biden will be joining sen. claire mccaskill at a get out the vote rally in north county wedn…
 : shep smith on fox: "the migrants are  months away if they make it here at all. tomorrow is one week before the midter…
 : i’ve run out of words to express how unreal it is to have a president who finds joy in using tragedy to stoke more anger…
 : it’s nearly time to raise missouri’s minimum wage! #voteyesonpropb november  to raise the wages of nearly a quaer of…
 : president trump is sending , troops to the border even though: ❌many arriving have a right to seek asylum ❌unauthorized migra…
 : words have consequences. lies have consequences. in  days, we'll send a clear message: bigotry &amp; hateful rhetoric have n…
 : just days after a gunman murdered  jews worshiping in synagogue explicitly because he believed anti-semitic conspiracy…
 : a decent minimum wage increase in missouri is long past due. no one can get by on as little as $ a week. #voteyesonp…
 : josh hawley wants to make it harder for missourians to vote—which means it's even more important to get to the polls on nov…
 : great things coming to the greater ville community with  
 : let your voices be heard, let’s get out and vote!!! #shalomccop #repost #share 
 : no disease any refugee might bring to america is as dangerous as the disease of fear, bigotry and hatred now being spread…
 : "the american soul is up for grabs right now. we're on trial, all of us."  - rabbi matthew gewirtz 
 : hate festers in the cracks of polite conversation. it spreads when it goes unacknowledged, when we don't stand up and speak…
 : this week in , president harry truman nearly doubled the federal minimum wage from  cents an hour to  cents. our…
 :       call this number when you have a problem. folk…
#pressfreedom and defending the #stamendment are fundamental to saving our nation. 
 : surely the most corrupt administration ever — emolumentally corrupt:  
 : where is the  ,  and the republican press conference telling those trump has radicalized to sto…
the #truthmatters so does #pressfreedom 
 : in one week, we have the chance to flip  governorships from red to blue. here are four incredible candidates who dese…
 : leader of islamic center of pittsburgh announces muslim community has raised more than $, for synagogue attack victims an…
 : as the president calls the news media "the true enemy of the people" on twitter, remember: two of the explosive devices t…
 : this isn’t a lack of understanding of the impact of these words. this is a strategy. describing it as “he doesn’t get it” is…
 : anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but what n…
 : we are not the enemy of the people. i am not your enemy. you are not my enemy. it is wrong to call your fellow americans the en…
 : in america,  human beings were killed by white supremacist terrorists this week. , because they were black. , because…
 : pittsburgh mayor peduto: “it’s not about putting more armed guards in our churches, our synagogues and our mosques. ... that deb…
 : in , president george washington wrote to jewish congregations of newport, rhode island, that the us government "gives…
 : rip brother kelley, you will be missed!     
 : this is so unfathomably horrible. elderly people, some old enough to have been alive during the holocaust, trying to put som…
 : this election is one of the most important in the history of our nation. some races could be decided by just a few votes.…
 : the acts of hate and domestic terrorism our country has experienced this week are reprehensible. they are a direct result of peo…
 : joe biden: "we're facing a battle for the soul of this nation. we will either stand against this hate now and wipe it out…
 : they were in synagogue for a religious baby naming ceremony, a jewish tradition. what occasion could be more joyous? u…
 : it’s not too soon to say i’m horrified those worshipping at a synagogue were targeted and murdered. it’s not too soon to…
 : "the gunman represented the monsters who will always be with us. anyone who emboldened, angered, or egged him on represe…
 : new: joe biden says hate grows "when it hears an america political leadership say good people can be found among those spew…
 : let's be clear: trump is sending the military to guard the border against unarmed desperate migrants (who are still in sou…
 : we agree with rabbi meyers: #wedeservebetter: we deserve better gun laws. and we deserve better leaders who will stand up f…
 : we grieve for the americans murdered in pittsburgh. all of us have to fight the rise of anti-semitism and hateful rhetoric…
 : need a reason to get fired up about knocking doors for  this weekend? josh hawley is currently suing to end healt…
 : our hearts go out to our jewish brothers and sisters in pittsburgh. your loss is our loss.your grief is our grief. and our…
 : there is no room in our society for gun violence and especially not in a place of worship. elected officials must stop fa…
horrified by shabbat shooting at #treeoflife synagogue in #pittsburghshooting standing strong against #hate.  dead… 
big thanks to alderwoman pam boyd for inviting me to be the keynote speaker at her #townhall meeting today in the ⁦… 
honored to join with  and my wonderful young volunteers from #showmemo  for today’s amazing… 
 : honored to be part of #cleansweep in the ville with mr. clark of ⁦⁩, ⁦⁩, ald. sam moore and rev.…
 : mass murder at a pittsburgh synagogue. a killer targeting african americans in kentucky. the bomb maker. the focus should no…
 : at dedication for new community park thanks to hard work of . excellent addition to the neighborhood, focused o…
 : cold &amp; rainy day got you down? well tomorrow will be bright and beautiful! join  and  for clean swee…
 : every. vote. counts.  help us turn out as many as possible:  
 : obama: "when words stop meaning anything, when people can just make up anything, democracy doesn't work. society can't wo…
 : i am grateful to local, state, and federal law enforcement as well as the u. s. postal service for their efforts to bring…
 : obama takes swipe at trump: "nobody in my administration got indicted"  
 : i think now is the time. 
 : the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
 : obama: if republicans really cared about clinton's emails they would be "up in arms" over trump's iphone …
obama chides gop for lies, mocks trump’s middle-class tax cut proposal 
 : former president obama speaks in milwaukee: "i'm hoping you think it's wrong to hear people spend years, months, vilifying people,…
 : republicans are lying about protecting your preexisting conditions. they actually want to give insurers the right to discri…
 : at what point do we acknowledge the bomber was radicalized by the president of the united states.
 : .: "in washington they have racked up enough indictments to field a football team. nobody in my administration got i…
 : "they didn’t care about [hillary clinton’s] emails…because if they did, they’d be up in arms right now as the chinese are lis…
 : . dedicate a new park today that their foundation build last month. thanks to congressman , …
 : "⁦⁩ has stood with me in defense of medicare, medicaid, social security and the right to vote,” said u.s. rep ⁦…
i'm all in for  and #iwillvote 
 : democratic candidates #missouri #mo  incumbent lacy clay     vote november , ! #…
 : hopeful this ordeal has come to an end with no further threats of violence. extremely thankful to law enforcement and first…
 : on the front lines. our postal workers are heroes. #u 
#iwillvote 
 : since the beginning, immigration has been an affirmation of our success, not a threat to it. we should not worry when th…
 : blaming violence on the targets of the violence - as the president, his son, and their supporters have done over the past …
 :  years in the game and still going strong! thank you st. louis for your continued support! 
 : there are many important things on the ballot on november th! but near the very end on the ballot in st. louis county…
 : the swift arrest of a suspect in the bombing case is an example of the professionalism of law enforcement and in particular…
 : breaking: voters will be able to correct the forms and vote at any early voting site and on election day. #shelbycounty https://…
 : our mood too. #iwillvote 
 : breaking: naacp prevails in tennessee voter suppression case.  chancellor rules in favor of naacp and orders #shelbycounty elect…
 : reminder: there's only one candidate in this race who taken action to protect coverage for our preexisting conditions,…
 : vote blue. vote blue. vote blue. 
 : hawley when claire asks whether he supports a law that would end employer discrimination against lgbt missourians #mosenat…
 : "the press is not the enemy of the people. immigrants are not animals. my hope and prayer is that all of our leaders will work…
 : former president obama has appearances in wisconsin and michigan on friday aimed at boosting voter turnout to aid democrats, includ…
 : 💯 vote. vote for democrats. period. 
 : 🚨we're at the point of the debate where josh just lies through his teeth about protecting coverage for people with preexistin…
 : after tonight’s debate performance, it couldn’t be clearer:  is fighting for working families—the other guy is…
 : after about  minutes of lying about healthcare, josh takes a break to lie about taxes. #mosenatedebate
 : the key takeaway tonight couldn't be clearer:  has no positive vision to offer mo families -- he's run a dirty ra…
 : watch: mdp chair  responds to the final #mosenatedebate of the year. #mosen 
 : i fought too long and too hard to end discrimination based on race not to stand up and speak out against discrimination b…
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
 : new  report shows that bc of the trump admin’s attempt to dismantle the #aca, millions of americans may f…
 : mail bombs. death threats. political shootings. the proliferation of violence has many causes, but we cannot discount th…
 : gop incumbents are getting pummeled after voting to scrap protections for pre-existing conditions 
 : , nice try. every single person and entity who received a life-threatening package has one thing in common.…
 : "trump unleashed the dogs of hatred in this country from the day he declared he was running for president and they've been snarl…
 : . on trump's latest remarks: “he made no mention of an explosive device sent to this building behind me, the head…
 : .: “what happened today was an act of terror. terror designed to kill or maim, to scare, or to silence.   [i]f th…
 : .: "terror only works when it produces fear.   we are not afraid. we are here and we will be here tomorrow and we…
 : what i saw in wi tonight was a cynical political arsonist blaming his targets for the fire.
 : . and other #showmedems are standing up for voting rights in mo. josh hawley is doing the exact opposite. #mose…
 : .'s words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. time &amp; time again, h…
 : when workers earn enough to take care of themselves and their families, we all benefit.  thank you to the …
 : incredible quote from a lobbyist for a major drug manufacturer on : "yeah... she’d be a problem if she were put…
 : they celebrated on the white house lawn when house republicans passed a health care bill that would repeal protections for…
 : perhaps our country's leaders ought to stop demonizing those who disagree with your politics.   perhaps our country's leaders o…
 : trump’s administration is backing a lawsuit that would gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions …
 : we’ve got  days to stop this. take a few hours this weekend to help elect democrats:  …
 : in any other administration, if prominent members of a political party were targeted by mail bombs, the president would be exp…
 : republicans gave massive tax breaks to wealthy corporations and the top % — and if democrats don’t take back the house,…
 : he's wasting your tax payer dollars, breaking his promises, and suing to take away your healthcare... you just can't trust…
 : looking at early voting lines across america and i don’t see any mobs. but i see moms. lots of moms. #yearofthewoman #vote
 : "this appears to be entirely unacceptable. what's more important now is our moral leadership in the world," says gen. stanley mc…
 : the real difference between obama and trump on the deficit   obama's deficit spending was used to pay for health care…
 : exactly. 
 : barack obama: "unlike some, i actually try to state facts. i believe in facts. right? i believe in a fact-based reality and a…
 : this morning in columbia  reminded supporters exactly why we need her in the senate: she’ll move heaven and e…
 : working people know that when re-elected to the u.s. senate,  will be a champion for them. that's why we must do ever…
 : repubs claim to be fiscal conservatives, but their tax scam will add $.t to the natl. debt, &amp; now they want to pay d…
 : "at this critical moment, president trump appears to be amplifying his disregard for the facts." - cnn's  is #kee…
 : here’s what’s on the ballot in november: →social security →lgbtq rights →health care →gun safety reforms →tax fairness fo…
 : exclusive: priorities usa launches a new ad campaign targeting senate majority leader mitch mcconnell's comments blaming entit…
 : barack obama: "unlike some, i actually try to state facts. i believe in facts. right? i believe in a fact-based reality and a…
 : exclusive: priorities usa launches a new ad campaign targeting senate majority leader mitch mcconnell's comments blaming entitle…
 : barack obama: "this november's elections are more important than any i can remember in my lifetime, and that includes when i w…
 : if we vote, we win. that’s why they try to stop us. vote! our lives depend on it. #naacp 
 : i’m proud of our work so far, but we’re not done yet. we've got  days till the weekend, folks. find an event near you at ht…
 : watch: democrats have a mission and a message.  if you're ready to take back this country and fight to make the america…
#iwillvote 
 : wow! i asked eric fey that, and he said that if an election judge asks for your photo id, call - and they will get…
big props to board of elections in both st. louis city and county for instructing all election day judges not to as… 
#takeitback #forthepeople #iwillvote 
why are #gop so terrified of letting people vote?  #votersuppresion is their last, best hope.  will fi… 
 : joe biden: "the american people are desperately looking for this country to come together. they're desperately looking, not a…
 : barack obama: "unlike some, i actually try to state facts. i believe in facts. right? i believe in a fact-based reality and a…
 : 📣 silence never won rights. they are not handed down from above — they are forced by pressures from below. 
#iwillvote 
 : bud program to increase union diversity boasts  percent placement rate.  …
 : thank you to family owned and operated business  in st. charles, mo, for supporting a fair minimum wage…
 will fight to defend #socialsecurity #medicare and your #pensions from another #goptaxscam… 
 : the choice is clear. missourians don't want to become a so-called "right-to-work" state but josh hawley supports a nat…
 : "they've tried [voter suppression] before because white supremacy is scared to death of what's happening right now. the…
 : fact check: president trump claims gop is protecting people with pre-existing conditions. evidence says otherwise. https://t.c…
 : when trump calls himself a "nationalist," what he really means is that he's a "racial nationalist," or a "white national…
 : former president obama urges voter turnout at nevada rally:   "this november’s elections are more important than any i can remem…
 :  
 : while  held more than  open town halls in just over a year, josh hawley has refused to hold a *single* town hal…
 : obama: when you hear economy is improving, "remember who started it"  
 : former president obama urges voter turnout at nevada rally:   "this november’s elections are more important than any i can rem…
 : obama in las vegas: "right now we can tip the balance of power back to you, the american people, because, ultimately, the…
 : for , listening is just part of the job. #mosen 
 : "unlike some, i actually try to state facts," former president barack obama says at a las vegas rally. "i believe in a fac…
 : second deep dive into 's time as ag this weekend paints an equally disturbing picture. missourians deserve to kno…
 :  tell your friends, family, work friends, everyone you know, to vote for democrats. vote this fascist regime out. htt…
 : and  is the only candidate in this race with real ideas on how to fix it—starting with a bill that allows student…
the #truthmatters so does the #ruleoflaw 
 : . peeks behind the curtain at josh hawley’s much-neglected day job as missouri attorney general and finds a mess h…
 : social conservatives hope to advance their agenda by redefining transgender people out of existence, and they are using…
 : republican candidates are running campaigns based on a huge lie about health care and pre-existing conditions. …
 : democrats are #forthepeople. we are *for* lowering prescription drug costs. we are *for* raising wages. we are *for* fight…
 : the congress has a constitutional duty to perform oversight of the administration. republicans have walked away from that…
 : you bet we are! we won’t let josh hawley’s lawsuit take away protections for pre-existing conditions—not without a fight. #…
 : with only  days left until the election, now is the time to take action! , missourians will get a raise if we p…
 : mitch mcconnell says it out loud: republicans are gunning for social security, medicare and obamacare next   …
#goodtrouble #iwillvote 
 : this is an attack on the very lives and existence of transgender people. it is painful, it is hateful, and it will not go unch…
 : in  days, we’re going to have one of the most significant elections of our lifetime. who holds political office matters… an overflowing and diverse crowd of thousands brought love and resolve to temple beth israel - demonstrating how st… 
i applaud the great work our community is doing to understand the issues, collaborate to find solutions, and suppor… 
at  conference, i spoke on how we can work together to address military spouse unemployment, expand milita… 
happening today! team davis will be on hand at the mission hills branch library to answer your questions about how… 
more hate. more tragedy. more families destroyed. how do we process this? how do we say and mean it: not here, not anywhere!
fleet week is always an incredible opportunity to show our appreciation for the men and women in uniform. i was hon… 
time change for my mission hills office hours. from : to : p.m. team davis will be on hand to answer your que… 
thank you to law enforcement, the intelligence community, and postal workers for working together to swiftly identi… 
proud of my perfect score! thank you #aauw for all you do promote policies that help women. 
democracies don't rescind the rights of the people; they are supposed to protect and promote rights regardless of r… 
career-minded military spouses face significant challenges due to frequents relocations, licensing barriers, and hi… 
 hi abby - i'm sorry you couldn't make it. there is information on my website and you can always cal… 
always a great privilege to be able to nominate worthy candidates to attend one of our nation's service academies.… 
whether fighting to end don't ask don't tell or joining to secure marriage equality or working to overturn trumps'… 
are you prepared for the big one? the great shakeout earthquake drill tomorrow at  am can help you get ready for… 
honored to join my colleagues -  &amp;  - in recognizing the service &amp; sacrifice of filipi… 
 : thank you, , for supporting health centers in the fy spending package! we’re so grateful for your support! #v…
i was honored to speak at a solemn ceremony remembering the  brave souls we lost in the attack on the uss cole … 
yesterday i had thoughtful discussions with two bright classes at eastlake high school and the san diego school of… 
they were great questions! thank you for hosting me today. we had a good discussion of the issues. 
took part in east county economic summit with the east county chamber &amp; east county economic development council wh… 
time is running out to avoid the worst effects of #climatechange. we must believe in science, end the rollbacks of… 
joined local letter carriers in denouncing trump's plan to privatize the usps. if mail is privatized, private compa… 
congratulations to astronauts peggy whitson and ellen ochoa for their induction into the san diego air &amp; space muse… 
know any middle or high schoolers interested in attending a service academy? i'm hosting another service academy ni… 
helped kick off (and donate!) san diego operation dress code. the clothing drive provides women #veterans w/ profes… 
as one of  representatives who filed this lawsuit against trump, pleased to see the case move forward. this ruli… 
the america people deserve the facts, not a cover-up. #believewomen #believesurvivors  
happy to attend the  - bringing the stories of america's military to life. #gifilmfestsd 
i'm glad to see common sense prevail in allowing an fbi investigation to play out. this is good for the stakeholder… 
 : #capac women in the senate and the house stand with dr. ford and women everywhere. #believewomen #believesurvivors #delaythevote…
joined with  to discuss the importance of working across the aisle on behalf of our students. we spo… 
i was in the room yesterday to hear dr. christine blasey ford's courageous, compelling, and credible testimony. tod… 
 : new: today ranking member  and  released a report about the trump administration’s failure to…
proud to join my colleagues in showing support for dr. christine blasey ford and calling for an fbi investigation i… 
after holding open a scotus vacancy for over a year, gop can't move fast enough on the kavanaugh nomination. there… 
today we remember those we lost and honor those who ran toward the smoke to save lives. #neverforget #septemberth 
sexism is systemic, even in professional sports. thank you, , for being a role model to your daughte… 
every person deserves access to a high-paying career. joined my colleague, chairman brett guthrie, to host a hearin… 
trump is under criminal investigation and should not be choosing justices who could decide his fate. the senate sho… 
where would hardworking men and women be without the organizing strength of our labor movement? #laborday… 
the memorial service for john mccain should inspire us all to reflect on what "greatness" in a nation is all about.… 
the administration continues to show a blatant disregard for the rights and safety of our students. i will do every… 
on the th anniversary of the historic "i have a dream" speech, we remember rev. martin luther king jr.’s call to… 
love and #equality win again. appeals court strikes down the lawsuit against me for displaying a #pride flag outsid… 
thank you john mccain for being the passionate warrior, always faithful to and in pursuit of the highest ideals of… 
 hi andrew. here’s a statement: “thank you john mccain for being the passionate warrior, always faith… 
my thoughts are with senator john mccain and his family. he is a true american hero who has dedicated a life of ser… 
can you think of a more outrageous resource policy shift??? 
my bill - the military hunger prevention act - is a bipartisan, common-sense solution to military families who are… 
thank you, admiral mcraven.  
secretary devos’ decision to eliminate gainful employment protections for students is yet another instance of this… 
african-american women earn  cents to each dollar earned by white men. wage disparity causes financial struggles… 
head on over to facebook to catch my town hall meeting live from southwestern college in chula vista!… 
this move makes no sense and will only hurt our servicemembers. it prevents servicemembers with greater than  yea… 
don't forget! i'm holding a town hall meeting at southwestern community college. click below to rsvp.… 
yet another example of putting corporate interests ahead of students. the dept of ed is supposed to be protecting s… 
in the summer months, millions of children lose access to free or reduced-price meals they get at school. i introdu… 
honored to be recognized for my work on behalf of individuals with disabilities by the san diego access to independ… 
thrilled to have  ceo of  as my guest at the house ed &amp; workforce committee’s innovator… 
as ranking member of the subcommittee on higher ed, joined with democratic colleagues to unveil legislation for deb… 
  we just added more space for the panel discussion on russia!  you can rsvp here: 
  unfortunately, the event is at capacity. i will be streaming it live on my facebook page:… 
spent the weekend getting to know my colleague  for 's #americangovernmentexchange.… 
 give my office a call and we’ll see what we can do. --
judge kavanaugh's confirmation to the supreme court puts roe v. wade at risk. i'm committed to pushing for passage… 
i've heard from countless businesses and students in san diego about expanding quality #apprenticeships. i joined w… 
please join me for my next town hall: august  at southwestern community college. i look forward to hearing from yo… 
russia continues to be a threat to our democracy. yet the gop wants to cut funding for election security. i joined… 
in response to constituent interest, i’ve invited world-renowned experts for a panel discussion on the current stat… 
turns out trump's meeting with putin was nothing but an own goal. #helsinkisummit 
honored to accept the  first ever "life in congress" workplace environment award.  when it comes to my… 
having a prepared workforce with access to high-quality jobs is key to economic growth and a strong middle class. i… 
i’ll fight this lawsuit no matter how long it takes. attacks on equality &amp; the #lgbtq community still exist &amp; we wi… 
here's your chance to weigh in on supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh. take my survey and let me know what… 
trump’s decision is more about protecting himself than protecting the rights of people to determine their own healt… 
leader mcconnell should apply his own rule to this nominee and allow the american people to have a voice in the sel… 
trump promised to drain the swamp and should have fired pruitt a long time ago. instead, he was allowed to rack up… 
 welcome to dc!  you can get gallery passes at my office in  longworth. office will be open at  am on thursday.
it is with great honor that i joined these service men and woman of our armed forces as they become u.s. citizens.… 
it feels great to be recognized for the way our office functions every day! a good work environment produces good w… 
honored to be selected by san ysidro health as a " health champion."  community health centers such as san ysid… 
so inspired by the veterans, service providers &amp; volunteers at stand down, which connects homeless veterans with se… 
i voted no with  of my colleagues on the gop immigration bill which would waste taxpayer dollars on building a w… 
the future of our democracy is on the line in the appointment of the next supreme court justice. as leader mcconnel… 
disappointed by the supreme court's decision. as a former school board member, i saw firsthand that everyone who is… 
the supreme court failed the american people today. we look to our courts to uphold our constitution and the ideal… 
looks like the gop finally found a way to pay for its massive $ trillion tax cut for corporations and the wealthy.  
i helped pass bipartisan legislation to expand treatment coverage for opioid addiction through medicare and medicai… 
we should have zero tolerance for intolerance. i will vote no on the republican legislation to build a wall and wil… 
my colleague and friend  inspired the aaron price fellows to "get in the way" and "never get lost in a… 
enjoyed thoughtful q and a with the aaron price fellows today.  great questions! we talked mostly about how congres… 
when we should be reuniting children separated from their families, the gop immigration bills spend billions of dol… 
since thousands of children are still detained and separated from their families, the administration owes it to the… 
in a time when our refugee and immigrant communities are under attack by this administration, we have to remember t… 
since this administration refuses to treat families humanely, congress must step up and do the right thing. i am co… 
while we celebrate #juneteenth, marking the end of slavery in america, the struggle for equality and justice contin… 
joined my colleagues in inspecting facilities holding migrant children in the san diego region &amp; repeated my demand… 
epa chief scott pruitt's distaste for environmental safeguards seems to only be surpassed by his lack of moral inte… 
president trump met with north korean leader kim jong un in a historic summit in singapore. what do you think?  
on this world blood donor day, let's raise awareness of the need for blood donation and of the vital work done by b… 
trump's fcc begins the unfortunate repeal of #netneutrality. internet service providers can now to restrict access… 
i'm calling on the defense secretary to reject the transgender ban in the military. #transgender americans are serv… 
not talking about abortions doesn't prevent them, it only increases the rate of unsafe abortions. health and human… 
each year congress hosts the congressional app challenge as a way for young people to show off their stem &amp; compute… 
one year ago today donald trump ceded the united states’ role as a leader on climate by withdrawing from the… 
the end of #netneutrality will hurt consumers and small businesses. congress needs to overturn the fcc's ruling whi… 
i pressed secretary devos on whether she is committing enough resources to protect teachers in this program. i will… 
hhs needs to look at their policies and make sure they are doing all they can to keep children safe. this administr… 
  good news! thanks so much for rectifying this.
tax cuts don't pay for themselves. the gop/trump tax scheme is projected to create deficits that will hit $ trilli… 
#memorialday 
  thanks for looking into this, .   please let me know how this has been resolved.
updates on my trip to afghanistan, border sewage, national security, net neutrality, and more are all in my latest… 
thanks to everyone from taylor guitars, deering banjo and others from the national association of music merchants (… 
honored to have my staff present a proclamation for balboa park’s th anniversary. balboa park is the jewel of sa… 
i am disappointed, but not surprised, that the secretary doesn’t know how many people on her staff are working on t… 
thank you for your thoughtful suggested questions for secretary devos! i wish i could have asked them all but i wil… 
after almost  years in office, secretary devos will appear before the ed &amp; workforce comm tomorrow. what would you… 
the partisan #farmbill did not reflect the priorities of the american people. it represented the priorities of the… 
i call on the speaker to bring to the floor a range of protections for our citizens.
my profound sadness and support goes out to the loved ones of yet another unspeakable tragedy. we have enough exper… 
had the distinct honor of recognizing the incredible achievements of chief kristina koch-the navy honoree for the w… 
voting no on the gop’s partisan #farmbill. it cuts $b from the supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap) t… 
honored to be profiled by . i share the goal of having % of women in congress by . maybe we can ma… 
the senate will vote today to overturn trump's fcc move to kill #netneutrality. speaker ryan needs to allow the hou… 
my team &amp; i were humbled to go three miles this morning with chula vista's own boston marathon champion desiree lin… 
i just returned from my th annual bipartisan mothers day trip to afghanistan where we met with our troops, includ… 
happy #militaryspouseappreciationday to military spouses! as a senior member of the house armed services committee,… 
it was a -hour marathon session in armed services committee to complete #fyndaa. i secured a number of provisio… 
two of my amendments to improve mental health services for servicemembers and help increase healthcare opportunitie… 
subcommittee on higher ed &amp; workforce development held a hearing on closing the skills gap. tackling the shortage o… 
in hour  of marathon markup for #fyndaa. offering a number of amdts, like increasing funds for aircraft maintena… 
congrats to the winners of the  uss vinson and uss enterprise leadership awards!!!  these outstanding sailors w… 
happy #teacherappreciationday &amp; week to the amazing educators in san diego &amp; around the country! best investment we… 
wonderful to see so much star power at the girls on the run k!keep up the awesome work, girls! 
in this year's national defense bill, i'll be directing the department of defense to look at ways to expand childca… 
happy to announce the winner of my district-wide congressional arts competition, jenny nguyen from the san diego sc… 
small businesses are the backbone of our economy. for #nationalsmallbusinessweek i visited with local small busines… 
sharing the latest information from washington, dc with the south county economic development council and south bay… 
speaking to seniors at helix charter school about staying engaged and using their voice to move things they are pas… 
it was wonderful to be able to spend time wishing my dear friend and great community leader, reverend george walker… 
wish i could be in san diego today to participate in dining out for life! dofl is a collaboration between local res… 
unauthorized use of drones in disaster areas prevents emergency responders from doing their jobs of protecting and… 
pleased to see the senate judiciary committee move forward on this bill. i am a cosponsor of the house version. i c… 
thanks to my friends at san diego planned parenthood for all they do!  they came by today to advocate for title x w… 
need a whole of government approach to address border sewage. with the navy planning a new navy seal training cente… 
incredible insights from the panel of scholars and very good questions from the audience on #northkorea. thank you… 
my deepest appreciation to the students of san diego march for our lives for hosting today’s forum on gun violence.… 
i am live with my expert panel discussion on understanding the north korean crisis. you can watch on my facebook pa… 
 : so thoughtful congresswoman  presenting to  consul general william ostick at this morning's…
so glad to hear san diego has been selected as a finalist for the new army futures command! we are a navy town so m… 
i'll keep fighting for legislation to stop gun violence. i'm cosponsoring bills to reinstate the assault weapons ba… 
military families should never face food insecurity, that is why i introduced the military hunger prevention act. w… 
i had the honor of meeting isabelle. she was named  military child of the year by  for her work on… 
congratulations to ! forbes confirmed what we already knew. sdsu is an amazing university and i'm proud to hav… 
no matter your politics, first lady barbara bush always projected warmth, dignity and humility. she was the quintes… 
i'm hearing from constituents who are seeing their taxes go up under the #goptaxscam. the more people look at these… 
proud to receive the #humanechampion award from the  for my perfect voting record on animal welfare i… 
our country was founded on the idea of no taxation without representation. hundreds of thousands of americans livin… 
congratulations to san diego native desiree linden on becoming the first american woman to win the #bostonmarathon… 
congratulations to the amazing honorees at the bapac women's brunch honoring san diego's "hidden figures." it is im… 
congratulations to my friend and shatterer of glass ceilings, senator , the newly elected president pro… 
i'll be hosting a panel discussion with sdsu about the current situation in north korea on saturday, april  at :… 
as you may know, congress held hearings on online privacy with facebook’s ceo, mark zuckerberg. take my new survey… 
in order to never forget, we must first ensure that everyone knows the horrific history of the holocaust. there are… 
a woman has to work over  months to earn the same pay for the same work that a man makes in one year. it's even l… 
 years ago we lost an influential american. mlk jr.'s legacy continues to prevail. let us continue to fight for s… 
no.  
this is good for san diego and our region's economy. as a senior member of the house armed services committee, i ta… 
don't mess with california. greater fuel mileage means cleaner air and fewer trips to the gas pump. all this move w… 
the frivolous lawsuit against me for displaying a pride flag outside my dc office was dismissed. these lawsuits att… 
i visited the home of jeanne and leland, with meals on wheels volunteer, martha. programs such as this are key to i… 
the federal government needs to do a better job at addressing border sewage spills. i'm pushing for an investigatio… 
visited the wonderfully innovative glenner alzheimer's family centers town square today.  town square is a simulate… 
met w/ inspirational constituent brian alvarado, the first #lgbt navy spouse of the year, to discuss the excellent… 
these future leaders are already leading the way. let’s get this done! #enoughisenough #gunreformnow #neveragain 
medical research saves lives. i'm fighting for an increase in funding for nih, of which san diego gets a significan… 
san diego is home to thousands of refugees, many of whom suffered torture. programs to help torture survivors overc… 
 congressional art competition is here! high school students from the rd congressional district are encourage… 
proud to co-sponsor the student non-discrimination act to put an end to discrimination in schools based on sexual o… 
we must ensure students succeed in school so they can succeed in the workforce and in our economy. i'm leading effo… 
thank you to the panel of witnesses for their thoughts and ideas on how we can ensure our schools are safe places for learning.
as our hearts are with the victims of the school shooting in maryland, i joined my democratic colleagues to hold a… 
so inspired by these two young constituents - sean sebastian darcy and justin adjassu - who continue to lead others… 
#watch democrats hold a forum to examine issues of school climate, #schoolsafety, and violence prevention.… 
my heartfelt appreciation to all of the women inducted this year into the san diego county women's hall of fame. it… 
another wonderful rolando street fair! i love to see this vibrant community come together for this fun event each y… 
mueller is investigating an attack on our democracy by a foreign power and if any americans were involved. one woul… 
i had the honor of awarding san diego educator and community leader, evonne schulze, with the inspirational senior… 
walked out of congress in solidarity with students in san diego &amp; across the nation calling for action to prevent g… 
congratulations to  on its mountain west title and making it to the ncaa tournament! san diego is proud a… 
i was on nbc san diego's politically speaking pushing for congress to prevent gun violence. i also discussed how ou… 
this is what putting party before country looks like. i’ve been pushing for an independent commission to investigat… 
blocking broadcom’s hostile takeover attempt is good for san diego, our regional economy, and national security. th… 
instead of wasting tax dollars on a wall, president trump should be coming to california to thank our immigrant com… 
on sunday at pm, i'll be on politically speaking on  to discuss san diego students who are taking a st… 
i had an incredible opportunity to speak with th graders at high tech high school chula vista about their concern… 
trump's offshore oil drilling proposal could be devastating to san diego's economy, environment, and our national s… 
when children succeed, our communities succeed. it was a pleasure sitting down with the boys and girls club and hea…  . and i helped secure federal funding for the #kingston fd to purchase new equipment. these investments… 
the revitalization project at  king st is another step forward for #olneyville. the project supported  constru… 
tonight, we join together to condemn anti-semitism, racism and bigotry and pray for the tree of life synagogue vict… 
congrats  on the opening of your new #southcounty branch!
celebrating the groundbreaking of ’s new facility that will support and enhance their ongoing work on beha… 
proud to be a member of #redsoxnation this morning! congrats  - #worldseries champs once again! #damagedone
proud to be  with my colleagues in academia and state government who are working tirelessly to support the… 
deeply saddened to hear the news from #pittsburgh. this type of hatred and senseless violence has no place in america.
on #takebackday you can bring your unused or expired prescription drugs to designated disposal sites. in addition t… 
the goal of our adversaries is to sow distrust in our elections, and the best way to fight back is by making your v… 
congratulations to #ri native and fellow  grad  on being named the new manager of th… 
had a great day showing off #ri to . we are lucky to have such capable public servants protecting our c… 
my final #langevincybersecurity stop today was ’s “hackthepower” conference. i joined… 
great turnout at my #langevincybersecurity advisory committee today. thank you  for joining us! 
i’m thrilled  accepted my invitation to come to #ri to learn how we’re leading the charge on this impor… 
free and fair #elections are the foundation of our democracy. proud to be with , , and… 
continuing #cybermonth with the  and state cybersecurity officer at my #langevincybersecurity awa… 
glad to be with  and  to celebrate the vision plan for the #woonasquatucket corridor in… 
reminder: tomorrow, i’m hosting a #langevincybersecurity awareness event in #coventry with the  compu… 
.’s nd annual statewide cybersecurity symposium this morning to discuss federal #cybersecurity policy.… 
thank you  for including me in tonight’s #cyber hygiene event and thanks for your ongoing work to rai… 
we must conduct a thorough investigation to find those responsible for these attempted acts of terror and bring them to justice. ( of )
violence targeting public officials contradicts our shared values and has no place in our society. i condemn these… 
glad to have the  computer crimes unit, state cybersecurity officer mike steinmetz, and … 
speaking with  th graders today about online safety and future career opportunities in cybersecurity at th… 
today is #worldpolioday and we are closer than ever to eradicating this preventable disease. let’s keep working to… 
excited to watch the #redsox go after another #worldseries trophy! good luck  #dodamage
the  campaign will help improve safety for pedestrians, bicyclists and motorists alike. congrats… 
thanks ,  , , , , , ,… 
great meeting with my #langevinfoodfirst advisory committee this morning to discuss how we can keep growing #ri’s f… 
excited to join  tomorrow during my #langevincybersecurity awareness week. we’ll be  newport… 
today, we remember the  american service members &amp;  allied french peacekeepers who lost their lives in the bom… 
excited to be with members of  tonight to talk #cyber policy. thanks  and  for… 
the #lgbtq community #wontbeerased as long as we continue fighting for equality. everyone deserves to be treated wi… 
thanks to the  computer crimes team, state cybersecurity officer mike steinmetz, and all who came out… 
first stop on my #langevincybersecurity tour brings me to . check out the livestream to learn tips… 
onboard one of #ri’s new zero-emission electric buses that will improve air quality and reduce greenhouse gas emiss… 
in recognition of #cybermonth, i’m launching a #cybersecurity awareness tour across my district this week. keep… 
thrilled to join   and  this morning for a discussion with rhode island ma… 
tomorrow, i’m hosting a cybersecurity awareness event in #cranston with  computer crimes and the stat… 
during my #langevinlisteningtour, i visited  for an up-close look at ri’s shellfish and aquaculture… 
out late tonight for a great cause. proud to join   to welcome home our #wwii and #koreanwar… 
attn small businesses: for #cybermonth,     have launched a campaign with resources to… 
as co-chair of the congressional #cte caucus, i support programs that provide rhode islanders with the skills neces… 
important data being shared ’s  housing fact book luncheon this afternoon. thanks for your work to develop… 
it was nice to chat with conference mc  as well! 
all children should have equal opportunities to succeed regardless of background. thanks  for hosting me a… 
pleased to join  to celebrate the opening of the leonard hair transplant associates office in… 
 i will be curious to see if tyndall makes the list of most at-risk bases the dod will soon be sending congress.
#nationalseafoodmonth is a good time to reflect on the importance of the #ri fishing industry. back in august, i to… 
#hurricanemichael’s devastation of tyndall air force base highlights why i just helped organize a coastal resilienc… 
it's outrageous that millions of public servants have not obtained the loan forgiveness they’ve earned due to flawe… 
had an insightful discussion last night  with local experts on closing #ri’s english learner (#el) academic… 
tune in to the facebook live stream of my english learners panel discussion . we must support #ri’s fast-gr… 
looking forward to joining my friend  for his nd annual cyber hygiene event next week ’s ne… 
recordatorio: esta tarde a las : pm . seré el anfitrión de un pánel de discusión enfocado en la població… 
reminder: i’m hosting a panel discussion focused on rhode island’s english learner (#el) student population this ev… 
congratulations to the  on being named a  #cybermonth champion organization and good luck at… 
.’s smile after-school program teaches science, math and other #steam disciplines to over  grade… 
i helped organize a symposium featuring  and ’s jon white  to discuss how we c… 
looking forward to chatting #cybersecurity  next week! #cybermonth 
thanks , , , , , , , and everyone else who could join me today!
had an informative meeting with my #langevinstrengtheningri advisory committee this afternoon . great… 
touring ’s new corporate campus in #johnston before meeting with my #langevinstrengtheningri advisory… 
as co-chair of the #cte caucus, i’m thrilled to see  partnering with  and  to further ex… 
as a reminder, #medicare open enrollment begins today and runs through december . during this period you can make… 
i was thrilled to join my friends  last night to celebrate the th birthday of the loews theater. 
best wishes to those participating in the ’s making strides against breast cancer walk! #breastcancerawarenessmonth
happy birthday to the ! we are all grateful for the sailors and service members who keep america safe on the… 
it’s an honor to be recognized as one of ’s top #cybersecurity leaders! #leetlist #cybermonth 
looking for some family activities this weekend?  is assembling a day of outdoor fun in celebration… 
great to be on hand for ’s th anniversary this evening as we celebrate their incredible work to enhan… 
rhode island may be a small state, but we have over , farms within our borders. on #nationalfarmersday, we reco… 
 : thank you congressman  for being a powerful voice on #cybersecurity, #cyber preparedness, &amp; workforce developme…
infinity meat solutions’ new, state-of-the-art facility in  will create  full-time jobs and support … 
sorry to miss to the celebratory launch of ’ cohort of  members beginning a new year of voluntee… 
stopped by the #ri justice assistance awards ceremony to celebrate this year’s awardees. thanks for working towards… 
glad to join  for their annual celebration . congratulations to ,… 
thanks  for hosting me at today’s #pbncybersummit. your ongoing work to improve #cybersecurity practice… 
missing for more than  years, col. frederic mellor’s remains were finally returned from #vietnam in july, and he… 
the devastation from #hurricanemichael is heartbreaking.  has guidance on how to help those affected in florid… 
a .% #socialsecurity cola is a positive development, but we must ensure that benefits keep up with rising costs.… 
the iconic loew’s theatre building in #providence is celebrating its th anniversary! to mark the occasion,… 
next wednesday, i’m hosting a panel discussion  focused on closing the academic achievement gap for rhode i… 
looking forward to joining  for their annual #pbncybersummit tomorrow to discuss federal #cybersecurity… 
.’s reputation as a strong community partner is no accident, so i’m not surprised to see the bank has… 
proud to be a cosponsor of the metastatic breast cancer access to care act. we must address social security disabil… 
did you know that you can now freeze your credit file for free? this an important tool to stop scammers from openin… 
october is #nationalseafoodmonth and a great time to visit some of #ri’s shoreside restaurants without the summer c… 
great to see my friend , who was recently named one of the top  people in events by . congra… 
it was beautiful weather for the #columbusday parade ! 
honored for the recognition from  and my friends in the #ri #haitian community. together, we can he… 
i’m deeply disappointed by judge #kavanaugh’s confirmation to the #supremecourt. serious accusations about his cond… 
excited to be speaking with a group of very impressive #cybersecurity professionals  this afternoon. keep… 
sorry to miss the  annual conference today. thanks for your tireless advocacy for those who are blind or visually impaired!
check out my october newsletter for highlights of my latest initiatives, including a recap of my recent trip to… 
energy efficiency day is a great reminder to conserve energy at home and help protect our environment. #eeday 
since the days of the american industrial revolution, #ri has been a pioneer in #manufacturing. i salute all of the… 
it was exciting to be with my friends  to offer my congratulations to all of the  celebration of t… 
attribution in #cyberspace is not impossible; it takes courage from elected officials. grateful for coalition partn… 
rhode islanders deserve safe and efficient #infrastructure, and i’ll keep fighting in congress for federal funding… 
congratulations to   and  for achieving national recognition as national blue ribbon scho… 
and the second is on october  in #coventry:    i hope you can join us to learn some simple… 
this #cybermonth, i’m hosting two #cybersecurity awareness events with the  computer crimes unit… 
it’s #ri manufacturing month, and tonight, manufacturers across the state are recognizing #mfgday. i’m looking… 
proud of us allies this evening for calling out russian cyber aggression. we will not tolerate russia’s continued i… 
couldn’t agree more!  reorganization is long overdue, but it does seem fitting that it’s happening in… 
thrilled that the #faa reauthorization includes several #disability provisions i authored w/  and gr… 
fighting for people with #disabilities is – and will always be – one of my top priorities in congress! thank you… 
fyi:  is conducting a nationwide test of the wireless emergency alerts (wea) and emergency alert system (eas)… 
proud to have been an early advocate for #marrakeshtreaty ratification and implementation in the u.s., and pleased… 
people with #disabilities have incredible potential – they just need to be provided the opportunity to succeed. let… 
sorry to miss the  “three square meals” event this morning. your efforts to end food insecurity in the reg… 
much of the gun violence plaguing our nation is preventable – congress just needs to find the courage to act. proud… 
this analysis by the trump administration is extremely troubling, but even more disturbing is that they continue to… 
it was such a pleasure to meet  w/  ’s th annual meeting last night! and gr… 
proud to introduce legislation with my #ri and #ct congressional colleagues to help preserve the pristine beauty of… 
and it was a pleasure to meet mimi sammis, the artist who designed this year’s award!
. is an incredible resource for so many children and families across #ri. thanks for having me at y… 
it’s national cybersecurity awareness month! as our lives become increasingly connected, we must all take responsib… 
proud to be with  and mayor solomon this morning to celebrate federal funding that will allow the warwi… 
it was a pleasure to see my good friend dr. jeffrey dodge at the ri oral health foundation’s  mission of mercur… 
what perfect weather for today’s ’s providence walk! thank you to everyone fighting to #endalz
thinking of the mothers who have suffered the loss of a child in the armed forces this #goldstarmothersday. our hea… 
october is national #cybersecurity awareness month! i’m hosting an event on / in #cranston with the #ri cyberse… 
thanks to the inspiring and compassionate rulings of my good friend , the city of providence and its pe… 
on #vfwday, we recognize dedicated vfw members in rhode island and across the county who have served our nation with honor and dignity.
proud to be with my friend gary “tiger” balletto tonight. thanks for all you do to help people with spinal cord inj… 
. must be clearer about the timeline of the breach. if the m number is to be believed, fb must know when… 
extremely saddened by the passing of former state rep. ray fogarty. ray was a force in his community and a champion… 
wishing the  center and  well at their cultural gala this evening!
very concerned to hear about these reports. i will track further developments closely. 
checking out capitol hill’s national cyber security awareness month kickoff with experts from  … 
proud that my provisions to improve air travel for people with #disabilities were included in yesterday’s #faa reau… 
i commend dr. christine blasey ford for her courage to testify at this morning’s hearing before the senate judiciar… 
i was thrilled to host the th annual rhode island student reception with ,  and… 
atte. padres y educadores: el  de octubre, seré el anfitrión de un panel de discusión  enfocado en cerrar… 
a vulnerability disclosure policy is an open hand to the community of #cybersecurity researchers. congratulations… 
attn parents and educators: on october , i’ll be hosting a panel discussion  focused on closing the acade… 
it was a pleasure to catch-up with  ceo david caprio this morning. i nominated david as a … 
and thanks to    for leading the way in the federal government!
i focused my remarks on the growing appreciation in congress for contributions by security researchers, particularl… 
last year, i had a great time w/  bringing congress to . happy to return the favor this mornin… 
we must use the opportunity afforded by the cyberspace solarium commission to develop a strategic framework to prom… 
people with disabilities must be not be an afterthought in disaster planning, which is why i’m thrilled that my bil… 
save the date: the #ri mission of mercy will host a free dental clinic on september  and .  
thanks to narine emdjian and ash emdjian from  for stopping by the office today!
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! elections are an opportunity to make your voice heard, but you must register to… 
despite three decades of progress, the challenges of air travel for people with disabilities remain daunting. i int… 
great to hear optimism from #ri companies ’s annual economic outlook luncheon this afternoon. 
people who have paid their debt to society deserve a second chance. the national correctional industries associatio… 
thrilled to be at the launch of , a new industry network focused on reinvigorating textile manufacturing… 
firefighters need modern equipment and the resources necessary to perform their duties safely and effectively. than… 
on today’s anniversary of the #wwi meuse-argonne offensive, i’m remembering #westerly native stephen macomber, a ve… 
proud to be taking part in the #southkingstown firefighter’s memorial parade today to honor our fallen firefighters… 
i enjoyed touring the facility and meeting with the team  on friday. great discussion on the future of he… 
it was a pleasure to attend ’s corporate campus opening in #johnston back in august. i hope the collab… 
attn #ri students attending      :  and i w… 
. is an important resource for teens, children and families navigating the child welfare system in… 
i heard from many #newshoreham residents getting ready for this weekend’s th annual taste of block island during… 
thank you to , , , , ,  and everyone else who could join me!
discussing issues important to #ri #veterans and active service members with my #langevinmilitaryandveterans adviso… 
we will never forget the enormous sacrifices made by our courageous service members who suffered as prisoners of wa… 
ironic that the man behind the national cyber strategy eliminated the position best able to carry it out. 
thanks  joint cyber task force for your ongoing dedication to keeping #ri cyber safe.  i hope this mo… 
 you’re welcome! it was a pleasure to meet you and mason today.
the last stop on my tour of #newshoreham is the block island medical center. thanks for all your hard work keeping… 
north fiber lights is a micro yarn mill and the only manufacturer on block island. enjoyed touring their operations… 
checking in with the team at the block island power company this afternoon. thanks to ’s block island… 
i particularly enjoyed meeting my new friend, mason. mason is in the th grade and has lived on block island for … 
great meeting with some of the students at block island school this morning. fun fact: this year’s graduating class… 
excited to sail away on the  today to tour the island and visit my constituents in #newshoreham! 
thanks to , , , , ,  ,… 
it was great to be w/ with my #langevinartsandculture advisory committee yesterday to discuss the latest issues in… 
while there is a lot we must do on the #cybersecurity front, streamlining congressional oversight needs to be at th… 
for a small state, #ri packs a big punch in terms of what it has to offer visitors. i was pleased to join… 
wishing all of my friends in the jewish community a peaceful and meaningful #yomkippur.
 : congratulations to our ceo david caprio, who was nominated by  as a   angels in adoption honoree…
. is going on the road to bring dental services to #veterans across the country. thanks for the care yo… 
read the full letter here: 
the allegations of sexual assault against supreme court nominee brett #kavanaugh are incredibly disturbing. i cosig… 
there’s still a lot to do before we can put alzheimer’s disease behind us, but i’m encouraged by the hard work of… 
. finds innovative ways to incorporate green technology into and secure financing for infrastructure p… 
my thoughts are with those in the southeast affected by hurricane #florence. as thousands continue to face severe f… 
as a strong supporter of ’s snep program, i was thrilled to join my colleagues in the #ri delegation to announc… 
it was an incredible privilege to designate the post office in #bristol in honor of first sergeant andrew mckenna,… 
earlier this week, i had the pleasure of meeting with , a group that helps #veterans find work in the te… 
had a great time w/ #ri’s lebanese community at the st. george church annual lebanese festival! 
at the #ri #rallyrecovery today with many rhode islanders who are on the road to recovery, and i’m sharing my appr… 
thrilled to be  annual stand down weekend! proud to be a part of such an important event for our… 
last week  laid out a damning case against park jin hyok, a north korean hacker, and the regime that… 
happy #artsedweek, a time to celebrate arts education in our nation’s classrooms and honor the art educators who he… 
i was proud to support the bipartisan funding package yesterday that rejects the most cynical budget cuts proposed… 
for over  years, the  have been a pillar of the #ri theater scene. best wishes for a great event this evening!
congratulations to bramwell tovey on being named the next conductor of the ! 
it was a pleasure to meet with  major general robert j. skinner this afternoon to discuss the great work of air forces cyber!
proud to have helped secure another influx of federal funding for our local fire departments in #johnston and… 
 : rep.  "isn’t it better to listen when someone is trying to tell you about a security vulnerability than to c…
 : "a vulnerability disclosure policy is an open hand of friendship to the hacker community.... these are the good guys." …
contrary to what may dominate the headlines, #bipartisanship isn’t dead. my work with  (r-pa) to succ…  had a great tour of ferris robin, a burlington company that produces fabric components for airplanes like seats. co… 
 : guest column: our new #lng-powered ship serving #puertorico is "a shining symbol of the united states #maritime indust…
this weekend i joined the tulalip tribe for their annual raising hands celebration where we had the chance to honor… 
  is it a fake punt when no one, not even the punter, knows he's going to run? that was #ausesome
 thanks
so hawks can take back the decline? 
a tragic shooting of people of faith. this violence shakes my soul.  i'll be saying a prayer for the people of this… 
toured construction of cocoon house’s new facility in everett to learn about how it will serve homeless youth. the… 
stopped by the home of the future  lab facility. the lab is expected to open next month and w… 
thanks to the law enforcement folks at all levels in their continuing investigation of the pipe bombs sent to publi… 
spoke with student leaders at  to talk about ways students can actively engage with congress on important… 
great meeting today with students in the trio program at  to hear about how the program provides them wit… 
trump touched a broken immigration system and just continues to make it brokener (i know; not a word. stay focused,… 
thanks  for the tour of your manufacturing facility and the chance to discuss national labor costs &amp; cos… 
 how to train your dragon x?
had the chance to meet with the team at  to learn more about their video-streaming capabilities and to discu… 
met with the  today to talk about the future of electric buses in whatcom country. whatcom transit authorit… 
while this legislation is a step in the right direction, congress must allocate new, robust federal funding to address the #opioidepidemic.
about  people die each year in wa due to opioid overdose. the suppo for patients and communities act will supp… 
took a tour of the pacific rim outpatient surgery center to learn more about the services they offer for bellingham… 
 : election-crazed ‘new york times’ expands poll coverage to . million more races in  additional states …
great news- #wrda signed into law! investing in u.s. ports, channels, waterways &amp; other critical #infrastructure ke… 
spoke today at  border policy research institute big policy forum about the u.s.-canada relationship. washingto… 
had a chance to visit some local #transportation projects in lynnwood, including the lynnwood transit center, inter… 
today i visited the hero’s café at  where i had the chance to talk with local #veterans. washington’s… 
toured egis mobile electric with owner, and veteran, eric graham to see how the company manufactures electric syste… 
great meeting today with student leaders at  to discuss how students can actively engage with congress. 
toured brigid collins support center, an organization focused on ending child abuse through parent education, thera… 
 : + go time. started in the pair now we here    🚣🏻‍♂️💨 men’s champ + #️⃣ bow  ⏱  east coast ⏱  montlake t…
 : head of the charles champion men’s x 🥇 ben davison     #rowingu #champion #rowing #roeien #ronin…
 : are you ready for some spooktacular fun? join us saturday, october  from :-: pm for a halloween carnival and la…
 is that a rule?
i know i'm two decades behind what the kids say, but: word! 
 : trump says he finds the saudi explanation of jamal khashoggi’s killing credible. his own intelligence agencies don’t. w/⁦…
 good
 good
didn't they just dust off the old endorsements and change the date? 
what the hell does that mean? 
 : i can’t eat. journalists shouldn’t be beaten, killed or chopped up. this is too much folks.
took part in a briefing today w/  adult drug treatment court, designed &amp; staffed to help break the cycle… 
domestic violence is a pervasive problem regardless of class, culture, age or ethnic background. vawa reauthorizati… 
 on the long list of things he has not heard about
 : do you know what to do when an earthquake hits? practice along with millions during the great #shakeout this thursday at …
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard. i will continue fighting for lgbtq americans to ha… 
great conversation about flood awareness. the emergency response community has worked to ensure skagit valley commu… 
toured , a wa startup developing hybrid-electric aircraft for the regional market. congress recently pass… 
 : the huskies will have a men's + and a men's single sculls at the th  this weekend in boston.   more info here: https…
earlier this year,  announced financial support for six health #infrastructure projects in … 
 : medicare open enrollment is here! from october  to december , review and compare your current #medicare part c or part d pla…
met with the  team today to discuss their work surrounding safe operations of manned submersibles, includ… 
 : in skagit county this morning,  met with skagit audubon members to discuss the importance of the migratory bir…
trump ignores tariffs impact on jobs, but wont dare touch arms sales to saudis because of jobs. then spreads saudi… 
 : the verlot ranger station pay phone is an important public safety tool for any of those who use the backcountry. thanks to a…
  ha ha
 : trump on offering $ million for elizabeth warren's dna test: "i didn't say that." this is him saying that: …
great tour of the skagit wildlife area with skagit audubon society! we talked about the importance of protecting th… 
domestic violence is a pervasive problem regardless of class, culture, age or ethnic background. vawa reauthorizati… 
 : in every shape and form, we love… love. 🏳️‍🌈  that’s why as part of our celebration of #nationalcomingoutday, we are excited…
 rd and . run
 wake up. he has already
 no.
 : trump seemed to make a point today to note that khashoggi wasn’t a u.s. citizen.  remember that.
 : “a scene that was just plain embarrassing," says .  while the president was meeting kanye, cities were in ruin acr…
 : since kanya west endorsed him, the number of eligible voters who now support trump's run for re-election has shot up by one!
 thanks to the nbr board and team for engaging discussion last night on us-china trade and next steps… 
connecting young people w/skills they need to compete in workforce is critical to strong economic foundation. i hav… 
calling all middle and high school students in wa! thinking about designing an app? don’t forget to register by o… 
great news! the bipartisan water resources &amp; infrastructure bill will significantly increase fed funding for the pu… 
the  public charge rule makes it difficult for immigrants to obtain a visa/green card if they use fed benefi… 
bob smith, ceo of , now speaking at #afa summit about new glenn and the economics of launch
the administration’s lack of concern about the harmful impacts of climate change on public health and the environme… 
developing aerospace workforce means being open to people of all backgrounds, says horizonair coo constance von mue… 
thanks to schweitzer engineering laboratories for taking the time to talk about your innovative work in designing a… 
 : unable to tune in for the china town hall livestream with ? watch the video here. #cth 
and who said he lacks self-awareness? 
 : yankees lose.. ttttttthhhhhe yankees lose..
earlier this week, i toured the . the museum promotes education, including science, technology, engineeri… 
had a great visit with everett  to learn about their personalized services for people living with severe… 
the smith island restoration project is reestablishing historic tidal marshlands that provide habitat for chinook &amp;… 
 : it's not too late to participate in china town hall today. choose from one of + venues across the united states and join a n…
honored to join the  powwow this weekend, a celebration of native american culture, tradition and commun… 
subtly? 
"that's good news?" said all parents who drive their kids to school, band practice, or sports practice; said school… 
 : rick said inspiring words and did the countdown to start the walk for the nami whatcom stigma stomp! …
 thanks for the info. saved total meltdown in this household
 nooo. we need  to stay in comedy! (and i dont trust him with $m of anyone's money)
the gladiator gourd girls are the only all-female team in the history of the city of burlington pumpkin pitch. i go… 
 and lost everyone else.
 : simply awful news — turkey concludes that prominent journalist jamal khashoggi, who wrote for wapo and has written critic…
 : our government has today reaffirmed their stance that they don’t give a shit about women. we men need to remain vocal af…
joined the  stigma stomp k fun run/walk today. nami whatcom supports people whatcom county affecte… 
 : are you ready for some spooktacular fun? join us saturday, october  from :-: pm for a halloween carnival and la…
planted a tree today at barney lake! it is important to protect and preserve washington’s land and waters for the e… 
had a great tour of bay baby produce, a local farm with more than  acres of pumpkins, squash and other value-add… 
met w/ to discuss opioids, mental health &amp; drug pricing. about  people die each year in wa due to o… 
   it died a lot earlier than that
 missed the big day yesterday. congrats on  years together on my morning show of choice!
 : vp pence accurately outlines some of the most serious challenges we have with china (and sounds tough and threatening in do…
  do whatever you want.
thank you to domestic violence services of snohomish county for the invitation to speak at today’s hope within lunc… 
 : for more than half a century, the national committee on u.s.-china relations has been the leader in promoting mutual understand…
great news - long-term #faa reauthorization bill has passed the #senate &amp; headed to president’s desk. get the detai… 
 : if brett kavanaugh is not confirmed it will create a dangerous precedent of supreme court nominees being held accountable fo…
 : i cannot claim to know what ⁦⁩ — or so many others like him — has gone through.   but i damn sure know courag…
 : we are all living in the midst of a revolution of clean energy transformation.  energy storage is a critical piece to b…
 : statement from #newdem trade leaders on #nafta #usmca 
 : unions do more than fight for fair wages for their members. they work at the federal, state &amp; local levels to ensure decisio…
earth to : maybe the less djt says about dems and trade, the better? 
a couple of new name suggestions: mexico-us-canada regional agreement on trade (muscrat); or the answer to what com… 
congratulations to challenge elementary school, one of the  schools for ! the school incorporate… 
unacceptable. the administration has not upheld its obligation to reunite children with their mothers and fathers i… 
 : late last night, my deadline, i made a wonderful new sandwich by adding lettuce and tomato to bacon and some bread. i’m ca…
 : supreme leader kim jong-un prefers to remain "good friends" with donald trump. 
 nope. relaxing out of pocket this week. watching it though
day of errands: sanded down old baseboards for painting; fixed broken hood latch on the civic; mowed the lawn; remo… 
 : big kings coming back to the elwha river, five times as many as before dam removal already. 
  why do you stay with apple? after  democratic inanity (as you see it) and london, your frustrati… 
 : pete carroll: "i'm excited to tell you doug baldwin is going to play in this game." #seahawks
the lwcf is critical for protecting &amp; preserving important lands in washington state. this week, snohomish county r… 
  no
 wow
 : thanks  for selecting the #boeing t-x team for this important mission. it’s an awesome aircraft and training syst…
 : seahawks on tape: not a secret anymore, bradley mcdougald is playing like one of the best safeties in the nfl says …
 uh-oh.
     textbook
the first #goptaxscam put interests of corporations &amp; wealthy ahead of hardworking middle-class families. #taxscam… 
#tourism is important to washington’s second district communities. i recently met with  to discuss… 
    correct
long-term faa reauthorization is a strong, bipartisan bill &amp; will propel aviation industry, ensure safety of travel… 
it is #nationalvoterregistrationday! take time today to make sure you are registered to vote. your voice matters. 
permanently reauthorizing the land &amp; water conservation fund (lwcf) will help preserve and protect important lands… 
did you know hazelnuts are harvested after they fall to the ground? i had a great tour of hazel blue acres, a famil… 
thanks to luke for the tour of hogstead farms in marysville, one of  #organic farms in washington state. as a me… 
thank you to everyone who joined our bellingham bike town hall. we had a great discussion about multimodal transpor… 
 : the marysville y is coming to tulalip and bringing family fun! join us at the youth center for a family night where fam…
 why did it come back to the ?
 that's not too much of a condescending comment :-(
 : childhood obesity awareness month tip: eat as a family as frequently as possible with kids involved in meal preparation…
 : livestrong® at the ymca, is a research-based physical activity and well-being program designed to help adults who are l…
not really. really? that is just not right. 
had the chance to talk with students at options high school about the value of investing in the future of work and… 
met with bellingham food bank today to learn about their recent expansions. nearly one in eight people in washingto… 
great tour of the squalicum creek reroute efforts. these changes have eliminated fish passage barriers &amp; will decre… 
keep it coming 
 : we're proud of the hardworking men and women who keep our aviation industry healthy, safe, and strong!   …
 : a provision in the house passed faa legislation supported by rm  &amp; #aviation subcommittee rm …
 : don't miss the bellingham bike town hall with !  bring your own bike and helmet, and meet people who are working…
interested in designing an app? i’m calling on all middle and high school students in wa to put their creative mi… 
 : we saw #maritimeindustry future. it's clean, green, &amp; already here.  in norway. no climate change debate, just job crea…
 : in alaska, officials at the port of alaska in anchorage say " the contractor notified them that it was being billed by u.s. custo…
great news for outdoor rec &amp; conservation in wa! since its inception, wa has received over $ million in #lwcf to… 
today i visited the stillaguamish tribe’s zis a ba estuary restoration which reconnects  acres of coastal wetland… 
last year wa communities welcomed , refugees. with a growing number of refugees worldwide, the us should be com… 
 sorry to hear about it.
last week, the house passed a water resources &amp; infrastructure bill which increases fed funding for the puget sound… 
gutting  rules on #methane emissions puts wa communities at risk from potential leaks of greenhouse gas… 
the meadowdale beach park &amp; estuary restoration project will replace ft of embankment &amp; an undersized culvert w/… 
the leque island estuary restoration project is a partnership between  &amp;  to restore  acres… 
i have had the chance to visit some of the estuary restoration projects across the second district. #nationalestuariesweek
as co-chair of the estuary caucus, i have led efforts to reauthorize the national estuary program through . acc… 
it’s #nationalestuariesweek! in the pnw, estuaries like the puget sound support healthy fish, birds &amp; wildlife, as… 
great ally and great trade partner. wa state ties are deep. lots of opportunities for job creation through trade wi… 
white house deliberately raising prices on the things moms and dads buy at the store, deliberately taking money fro… 
today we celebrated everett transit’s first #electricbus going into service. the new fleet will reduce greenhouse g… 
 : pretty much everything  experts across the board warned about trump/gop tax cut - that it would balloon the deficit, that…
please join me for my bellingham bike town hall to discuss multimodal transportation, the federal budget &amp; importan… 
 : whale watchers squeal with delight as three surfacing humpbacks leap out of the water almost simultaneously right next to their bo…
 i totally agree  percent
  you mean he could have moved to concrete?
according to  outdoor rec contributes $. billion each year to wa economy and supports more than k jobs. p… 
troubling news. i recently met w/  to discuss salmon restoration, puget sound recovery &amp; #orca conservatio… 
since inception, wa has received over $m in #lwcf funds to protect places like , chuckanut bay &amp;… 
 : when i see that you are straight and ready i will start you like this: "attention.....go!" • • • #hrr #rowingu #templechalle…
losing the ability to protect community learning and leisure spaces across wa, like waterman trails and the… 
 with this tweet, djt now has reached the point where his qualifications for being president are: h… 
permanently reauthorizing #lwcf will help preserve and protect important lands and waters in washington state, incl… 
i will continue to work to bring down barriers preventing voters from exercising their constitutional right. that i… 
current  rules on #methane emissions protect wa communities from potential leaks of greenhouse gases from oil &amp;… 
i will continue to ensure washington state has the mental health resources that local communities need.… 
according to cdc, suicide rates increased by .% in wa from  to . earlier this year i heard about the wor… 
 : coaches from #pacrow, the nation's most successful rowing conference with a combined  national titles (nine women's #ncaarow…
calling all middle and high school students in wa! interested in designing an app? sign up today for the congress… 
 : #newdem chair  &amp;  join  to shine a spotlight on our nation's housing shortage crisis.  hous…
 : i just landed in portland and a guy with a man bun grabbed his yoga mat out of the overhead bin
you can listen to my opening statement during today’s  aviation subcommittee hearing on integration o… 
 : my column on the amazing ascent of k, the first by americans, which was achieved  years ago today. …
important questions need to be asked before this becomes reality. how and where to operate? how do you safely integ… 
passenger drones have the potential to reduce traffic congestion and the demands on local #infrastructure by carryi… 
us drivers spend, on average, + hours each year in traffic during peak hours. congestion costs drivers more than… 
looking forward to discussing the next “new thing” in today’s hearing: passenger drones. the previously unthinkable… 
 : thank you to the alpa pilots who kept their cool when the cockpit filled with smoke – they brought the plane to a safe emerg…
 : today’s #aviation subcommittee hearing begins at am. watch live here:  
one year ago, the president terminated #daca. ending the program not only hurts , daca recipients in wa, but r… 
 : your periodic reminder that us spending on core #nuclear nonproliferation programs will soon have dropped by roughly …
small biz owners in wa, where % of jobs tied to trade, understand importance of expanding ability to export to fo… 
 : i would like to formally apologize to sue bird for not naming all three of my sons after sue bird
 : last week tote's lng bunker barge, clean jacksonville, arrived in jacksonville!  #totepr 
 : especially proud to be a part of the nike family today. #justdoit 
 : new quinnipiac poll of florida governor's race: gillum (d) %, desantis (r) %
congratulations to friday harbor’s ian boyden and bellingham’s stefania heim who have received literature translati…  . decided this morning to eliminate the constitution's th amendment. there is a process for amend… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
it warms my heart to see minnesotans coming together in solidarity to honor the victims of the attack on the jewish… 
instead of working with other nations to solve the humanitarian crisis in central america, pres. trump perpetuates… 
mark your calendars –  open enrollment officially begins this thursday, november st and will run through ja… 
it's wonderful to see the reopening of a renovated and improved "parque castillo" on st. paul's west side. this hon… 
today’s mass shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh is a horrific hate crime rooted in anti-semitism.… 
october is national disability employment awareness month. one in four american adults have a disability, and i am… 
thrilled to be named a champion by the  for receiving an “a” on their congressional scorecard! at least… 
national day of the deployed honors the brave servicemembers who have been deployed or are currently deployed. we t… 
it was an honor to celebrate the work of my dear friend, mamie lanford singleton, recipient of the  excellence… 
unbelievable! u.s. intelligence agencies know china &amp; russia are listening in on pres. trump’s calls b/c he demands… 
 : governor dayton has proclaimed today “wellstone remembrance day,” in celebration of the life and many contributions of u…
sending pipe bombs to democratic leaders and  is an act of terrorism inspired by hate. dangerous rhetoric inten… 
with medicare cost plans going away in the metro area &amp; most minnesota counties, many minnesotans have questions ab… 
interested in attending one of our great  colleges and universities? this week, all  minnesota state… 
thanks to  for a wonderful celebration of the th anniversary of the boundary waters canoe area. prote… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
improving air quality is a decades long endeavor led by the  – the very agency  has continually… 
the latest move by the trump admin weakens protections for pre-existing conditions. make no mistake, this could cre… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
don’t be loony – get covered! mnsure open enrollment period starts november st and runs until january , , wh… 
as national wildlife refuge week comes to a close, minnesotans and people across the country can get outside and ce… 
my thoughts are with the loved ones of todd bol, founder of the ‘little free library.’ todd’s incredible work broug… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
everyone deserves access to high quality, affordable healthcare. mnsure open enrollment begins november  and lasts… 
installing a political appointee to lead ’s office of the inspector general is a clear attempt to stifle t… 
honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my commitment to protect and advance the rights of t… 
cutting medicare, medicaid, &amp; social security to pay for the astronomical deficit created by the #goptaxscam was… 
the trump-pence admin gives billions in tax cuts to the rich, while blocking access to student loan forgiveness for… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
“if epa won't let me tell about how children are being poisoned, i'll just tell the mothers and fathers directly. i… 
i'm proud to be the lead house dem on the global food security reauth act, which was signed into law last week! thi… 
the federal budget deficit has exploded to $ billion –$ billion higher than last year – a direct result of… 
it was great joining arden hills mayor grant &amp; city council members to break ground on the new  hq!… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
the trump admin has dismissed dozens of outside scientists who advised the  on air pollution standards. this de… 
saudi arabia’s murder of journalist jamal khashoggi in their own consulate is a grotesque violation of human rights… 
middle and high school students: today is the final day to submit your app for the  congressional app challenge… 
there is only  day left to get your submission in for the  congressional app challenge!  learn more about the… 
as hispanic heritage month comes to a close, here are  fantastic children’s books to celebrate hispanic heritage… 
happy rd birthday, ! to all of our brave sailors and the families who stand alongside them, thank you.
there are only  days left to get your submission in for the  congressional app challenge! learn more about the… 
proud to be named a  medicare advantage champion! i will continue to fight against ’s attempts to unde… 
this weekend is the stillwater harvest fest! from live music to a pumpkin weigh-off, this entirely volunteer-run ev… 
there are only  days left to get your submission in for the  congressional app challenge! middle and high scho… 
st. paul welcomes + tech professionals to the first  conference this weekend! minnesota is a wor… 
happy #nationalfarmersday! today we honor the hard work and dedication of farmers in minnesota and across the count… 
important health care update: medicare cost plans will end after december , and medicare open enrollment starts… 
the saint paul art crawl begins tonight! this fantastic saint paul tradition honors the relationship between the ar… 
need help with a federal agency? my staff will be in woodbury on tuesday, october th to assist. learn more &amp; make… 
hey students:  is hosting a teen hackathon on november rd! this event is free &amp; open to students of all… 
mnsure open enrollment begins november st and is available through january , . make sure you’re prepared by… 
my condolences to families of those killed in #hurricanemichael.  residents of fl, ga, sc, nc &amp; va are in my though… 
happy #nationalcomingoutday to the lgbtq community and their allies! today and every day we must continue to work t… 
my offices in st. paul and washington are hiring interns for the spring  semester. learn more and apply → 
congress established icwa to protect native children from being ripped away from their families and tribal communit… 
today is #worldmentalhealthday. while the trump admin &amp;  are trying to cut medicaid, eliminate access to m… 
“there are places to mine and places to not mine” -, on sparing public lands in his home state from… 
the trump admin continually undermines critical environmental safeguards, including rolling back the clean power pl… 
. pulling out of the #parisagreement abdicated the us role as a global leader on #climatechange. th… 
america’s national parks are feeling the effects of climate change more intensely than the rest of the country.  th… 
i’m proud to celebrate #indigenouspeoplesday and reflect on the historic struggles and immeasurable contributions o… 
the first sepak takran courts have officially opened at the duluth and case recreation center! thank you to… 
need help with a federal agency? my staff will be in stillwater on tuesday, october th to assist. learn more &amp; mak… 
fourth district students: only  days left to submit your entry for the congressional app challenge! students of a… 
congratulations  on your milestone th anniversary! it was a joy to attend your celebration last nig… 
 : we’re excited to highlight the impact of canoemobile in dc tonight, where it all began  years ago! serving , kids…
the  plays a vital role in protecting maternal &amp; child health. pres. trump’s decision to sideline the epa’s top… 
thank you, jerry and jana kyser, for your dedication and hard work to ensure the success of the honor flight progra… 
today is the th anniversary of the passage of national wild and scenic rivers act! minnesota’s own st. croix rive… 
the trump administration’s decision to deny visas to same-sex domestic partners of un foreign staff in nyc is a big… 
medicare open enrollment begins october th and ends december th. during this time, beneficiaries can: review hea… 
the global food security act has helped save millions of people fighting starvation &amp; poverty worldwide. passing th… 
thank you, , for your strong leadership in last week's hearing for supreme court nominee, brett kav… 
today and everyday, we honor the sacrifice that gold star family members make when a loved one dies in service to t… 
proud of dr. christine blasey ford for her fortitude and bravery under unthinkable circumstances, and proud of the… 
the  placed dr. ruth etzel, head of the office of children’s health protection, on leave without explanation. a… 
very pleased that the house passed the latest spending bill, which includes my amendment to let people diagnosed wi… 
nothing like a safety regulation rollback to celebrate #railsafetyweek: the trump admin repealed a rule requiring t… 
a fantastic example of how prioritizing and protecting our environment can have positive economic results: every $… 
had a great time paddling on the st. croix river to celebrate the th anniversary of the national wild &amp; scenic ri… 
our public lands provide . million jobs across the nation, and every $ spent through the land and water conserva… 
while  is busy trying to pass their latest #taxscam, i stand w/  &amp; demand a vote to #savelwcf befor… 
. #taxscam . would add trillions to the deficit over the next decade. democrats are fighting… 
as democrats are fighting to lower healthcare costs and prescription drug prices,  is focused on expanding… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
tragic news out of oak park heights state prison, corrections officer joseph parise died after helping another offi… 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, make sure your voice is heard in this and every election by registering to vote.… 
proud that  is taking a stand for women and girls everywhere. 
while democrats are fighting #forthepeople to preserve protections for pre-existing conditions &amp; lower health care… 
medicare and medicaid are vital programs that millions of americans rely on to receive health care. ’s lat… 
st. paul’s beautiful  welcomes the american association of private railroad car owners’ annual conventio… 
today is ’s #museumday! there are  mn museums participating in today’s festivities. this year’s th… 
it was an honor to attend the deployment of the  national guard and the  family dinner.… 
tomorrow / is national public lands day! entrance to all national parks (and many state parks) will be free, whi… 
if you are interested in building community through tech, check out , a free, two day hackathon this w… 
on national #powmiarecognitionday, we honor our brave servicemembers who remain unaccounted for. may we always reme… 
proud to introduce hr  &amp; reaffirm the u.s. commitment to combating hiv/aids, tb, &amp; malaria. this bill will ensu… 
#hispanicheritagemonth is a time to celebrate latino history, culture and achievements. i am proud to honor the man… 
this week is the nd anniversary of grand staircase-escalante. president trump slashed this national monument by … 
very proud to be recognized by the  as a “retiree hero” for my % voting record in congress in sup… 
with their growing economies, vibrant communities, and minnesota charm, it’s no surprise that two minnesota cities… 
had a wonderful immigrant history tour of st. paul’s swede hollow neighborhood with the east side freedom library t… 
wishing a blessed and meaningful yom kippur to my friends, neighbors, and colleagues of the jewish faith. 
i stand with senator amy klobuchar and her democratic colleagues on the senate judiciary committee – dr. ford's tes… 
congratulations to minnesota artist scot storm whose design was just chosen for the - duck stamp! since … 
happy st birthday to the , , and ! we are so grateful for the service and sacri… 
need help with a federal agency? my staff will be in woodbury tomorrow to assist. learn more &amp; make an appointment… 
it was an honor to speak at the  th human resources company casualty liaison team- deployment c… 
with more than  million middle &amp; high schoolers regularly using e-cigarettes, the  says teenage use has rea… 
as the st. croix national scenic riverway celebrates its th anniversary, a new video game takes players on a hist… 
proud to have the support &amp; prayers of  faith leaders from across the us for my bill hr . this bill would pro… 
thank you to my colleagues , ,  and  for their hard work in makin… 
my amendment to let people diagnosed with cancer defer their public student loan payments while in treatment is inc… 
 : .: i am disappointed that we have made little progress on the interior-environment bill even as the septem…
as florence approaches,  is denying the fact that nearly , american lives were lost in maria. p… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
the republican tax scam has created a $ billion budget deficit in  months. corporate tax revenue is down % t… 
hr , ’s latest attempt to unravel the aca, would cost taxpayers $. billion and strip healthcare cov… 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
wishing good luck to the  as the american association baseball championship series begins this evening… 
today marks the th anniversary of the september th attacks. let us take a moment to remember the , lives lo… 
#worldsuicidepreventionday is a time to talk about misconceptions surrounding suicide, provide support, and remembe… 
need help with a federal agency? my staff will be in stillwater tomorrow to assist. learn more &amp; make an appointmen… 
another trump admin attack on diplomacy &amp; middle east peace – forcing the  office in washington to close. tr… 
under the trump admin, the epa has lost:  scientists.  environmental protection specialists.  engineers.… 
happy new year to all jewish families in minnesota and around the world celebrating rosh hashanah. shana tovah! 
congratulations to the  on receiving a major grant from ! this money will go toward crucial… 
middle and high school students: interested in coding? have a great idea for an app? be sure to enter my office’s c… 
today is the selby ave jazzfest! come on down to the intersection of selby and milton and enjoy some live jazz, del… 
pro-netanyahu news outlets  &amp;  must retract their lie about hr .  my bil… 
tune in to ’s “all things considered” this afternoon to hear my thoughts on the trump admin’s decision to aband… 
 …and will cause irreparable harm to the pristine wilderness of the boundary waters. once again, the… 
 ... and the trump administration abandoned science and gave a green light to toxic s… 
last year,  testified on the record committing to completing the two-year environmental review of th… 
“there’s no place like home” the story of famed minnesotan judy garland’s missing ruby slippers from the “wizard of… 
thank you to  for hosting a care package assembly for military spouses. military spouses sacrifice so much… 
only a small fraction of judge kavanaugh's record is public. with something as serious as a lifetime appointment, t… 
republicans’ lawsuit to strip protections for  mil americans with pre-existing conditions is shameful. discrimin… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
as one of  house democrats selected to serve on the conference committee for the defense &amp; labor, health &amp; human s… 
 : new:  , , ,  &amp;  will serve on the conferenc…
proud that  is standing up for minnesotans against the nomination of judge kavanaugh. she is absolu… 
wishing a happy first day of school to all of minnesota students, teachers and support staff today! the first day o… 
“no work is insignificant. all labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance” – martin luther king jr.  ha… 
had a great time speaking at the first annual hampton classic legislative panel at the hampton classic horse show!… 
 ending all us funding for schools, clinics, and food programs for palestinian refugees is an inten… 
with the first day of school just around the corner, now is a great time to reach out to a talented student coder i… 
it’s a beautiful night for some outdoor live music! tonight, mears park will host its final music in mears event of… 
.’s new policies on campus sexual assault are completely backward. we must protect survivors of assaul… 
when i visited pr in july, many residents still lacked power &amp; were without hope a year after the damage caused by… 
according to the , pres. trump’s new “affordable clean energy rule” would result in up to , american deaths… 
tonight (and every tuesday) is community farm night from -pm at frogtown farm! come enjoy the bounty of the seaso… 
wonderful to see these  minnesotans being honored for their heroic actions. thank you to ben brooks, kyle dubois,… 
today is military appreciation day at the ! this year’s event honors minnesota women veterans and servi… 
the top official protecting student loan borrowers has resigned, telling trump administration: "the damage you’ve d… 
as the details continue to unfold about the horrific shooting in jacksonville, “thoughts and prayers” must be follo… 
my sincerest condolences to the family and loved ones of senator john mccain. sen. mccain was a maverick in every s… 
wonderful to join modelcities last night for the grand opening of the beautiful brownstone building –  units of a… 
it's stem day at the  -- awesome! so many cool opportunities to learn about science, technology, engine… 
editorial: congress, do your job.  “congressional republicans have been operating under a see-no-evil policy with p… 
it’s a beautiful day to be at the !!!  here at the  booth with friends. a special thanks to all t… 
sec. of education betsy devos is exploring a legal loophole to grant federal funds for the purchase of guns to arm… 
congratulations to  on receiving a grant from the ’s assistance to firefighters grant program… 
wishing everyone a blessed eid ul-adha 
trump lawyer michael cohen pleads guilty to federal charges for paying a pornographic actress “at the direction of… 
josh thron of stillwater is to be commended for rescuing two children from a burning home. thanks to his quick thin… 
. has announced he will reverse the clean power plan, ensuring more pollution, more greenhouse gase… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
need help with a federal agency? my staff will be at woodbury city hall tomorrow to assist. learn more &amp; make an ap… 
these moving portraits tell the stories of payne avenue’s transition and the connections within a diverse community… 
congrats to  on being awarded a grant from ! these funds will support an innovative steam researc… 
exhibits from the  have reached tens of millions of people nationally and internationally.  we’re l… 
icymi: i had the honor of presenting a replica congressional gold medal to my dear friend and american hero, robert… 
kofi annan will be remembered for his selfless dedication to creating a more peaceful &amp; just world.  a nobel peace… 
. called of his needless and grandiose $ million military parade. our tax dollars are better spen… 
big congratulations to  on receiving a grant from  to bolster their physics department and engage under… 
this saturday, the ramsey county historical society and gibbs farm will host its  membership celebration! the e… 
congratulations to the more than  students who graduated this week from the hubert h. humphrey job corps in st.… 
as we celebrate national health center week, a special thank you to our community health centers like … 
our nation mourns the passing of the queen of soul, aretha franklin. her incredible voice, iconic music, and giving… 
the beautiful pipe organ at the historic   is being restored to its original glory, and should be o… 
 yrs ago today, fdr signed social security into law, a major milestone in assuring that americans can retire with… 
this week’s stillwater office hours are postponed.  my staff will resume their regular stillwater office hours in s… 
wonderful to hear that  is being awarded a grant by the  &amp; . this grant will go towards a p… 
congratulations to my alma mater,  on being honored with not one, but two grants from the ! these grants… 
pres trump's polluters-first policy “violated federal law by ignoring the conclusions of agency scientists that chl… 
in short: the ’s repeal of #netneutrality could slow down your internet access &amp; hike up your bill. i signed th… 
fantastic news to hear that  has been recognized as a “yellow ribbon company.” this designation recog… 
congratulations to  for receiving a  grant for their upcoming documentary; laura ingalls wilder: prairie… 
it was wonderful to visit with neighbors and enjoy the evening at #nighttounite. special thanks to  s… 
it was wonderful to join ramsey county commissioners picnic today at the gibbs farm! 
it was an honor to present my longtime friend &amp; american hero, bob holmstrom, with a replica congressional gold med… 
august th is purple heart day. today, and every day, we honor and thank the brave heroes who were wounded on the b… 
august is national immunization awareness month. immunizations protect public health and people of all ages from se… 
yet another reason to visit the  in st. paul: the new first-floor taxidermy exhibit uses the intersectio… 
it was a pleasure to be at the opening of frogtown farm in , it’s fantastic to see its continued success in bri… 
access to medical cannabis has improved the quality of life for thousands of minnesotans-including those suffering… 
it was great meeting with the executive director of  to discuss legislation to help patients with al…  update from the swamp: not drained, but referred to justice department for further investigation. 
congratulations  on the red sox win. looks like sushi dinner will be on me. crustaceans are overrated… 
i don’t often quote fox news, but shep smith has it right: a dwindling group of refugees and migrants a thousand mi… 
just days after a gunman murdered  jews worshiping in synagogue explicitly because he believed anti-semitic consp… 
the gunman is responsible for mass murder. he alone pulls the trigger.  but we create the atmosphere in which the g… 
it’s not too soon to say i’m horrified those worshipping at a synagogue were targeted and murdered. it’s not too so… 
you say there are good people on both sides of a neo-nazi rally.  suggest that immigrants are all murders, rapists… 
mail bombs. death threats. political shootings. the proliferation of violence has many causes, but we cannot discou… 
yes, i was being sarcastic, but if my previous tweet was too convoluted let me be crystal clear:  these are but a f… 
ok,  it’s on. it’s bean town vs la la land. if the sox prevail, sushi is on me. if the dodgers win, l… 
in helsinki, trump questioned russia’s interference in . now, in moscow, days after a russian was indicted for… 
social conservatives hope to advance their agenda by redefining transgender people out of existence, and they are u… 
the extrajudicial and extraterritorial murder of a journalist is something we would expect of the kremlin, not an a… 
the claim that khashoggi was killed while brawling with  men dispatched from saudi arabia is not at all credible.… 
the russian efforts to interfere in our political affairs did not end in , they didn’t even pause. today's indi… 
 : this is you and all your friends laughing hysterically about gutting preexisting conditions a year ago. you thought we f…
fitting and tragic that jamal khashoggi’s final column calls attention to the threats to the freedom of the press i… 
america doesn’t need or want its president to be test marketing saudi fictions, like “rogue killers,” or searching… 
. taking an important step towards transparency, making a set of data on russian and iranian influence oper… 
republicans promised their tax cuts for millionaires and big businesses would pay for themselves.  they knew that w… 
trump says he has no interests in saudi or russia. but they have interests in him:  don jr in : “russians make… 
king salman denies it.  vladimir putin denies it.  roy moore denies it.  brett kavanaugh denies it.  in the preside… 
our democracy is broken, and president trump is only one reason. congress is the other. it has failed to serve as a… 
emoluments for dummies:  candidate trump: “saudi arabia, i get along with all of them. they buy apartments from me.… 
at the highest levels of the saudi government, jamal khashoggi was considered an “enemy of the people.”  at the hig… 
as hurricane michael moves inland, our thoughts are with all who have been affected by this historic storm and thos… 
senior trump campaign staff met with a foreign company about creating fake social media accounts and gathering inte… 
we can’t predict earthquakes, not yet, but we can give some advance notice. shakealert sends a signal to transit sy… 
jamal khashoggi, a saudi journalist and dissident, was called to the saudi embassy in istanbul on tuesday, and has… 
you attack prosecutors at doj.  fire your fbi director and threaten your own attorney general.  call an investigati… 
thank you, dr. ford, for your courage. your testimony did not change the outcome — these gop senators were not inte… 
no, mr. president, these woman are not paid professionals. nor are the sandy hook parents or david hogg or the mill… 
how to do an investigation without really trying:  .) set artificial deadline .) dictate which witnesses can be i… 
russia continues to threaten the u.s. and our allies through sophisticated cyber-attacks, disinformation campaigns… 
for two years, we’ve seen how the flaw of this deeply unethical man in the oval office has infected the whole of go… 
the trump administration’s new policy to deny visas to same-sex domestic partners of foreign diplomats and un emplo… 
trump just mocked dr. ford, a victim of sexual assault. this shouldn’t surprise us — he’s mocked gold star parents,… 
president trump is the only modern presidential candidate to refuse to release their tax returns, reneging on a pro… 
a year ago, a gunman opened fire on a crowd in las vegas, killing  people and injuring . and yet, one year lat… 
not content with insisting the fbi conclude a difficult investigation within a week, the white house is now apparen… 
we need to protect mueller’s investigation now, not when a constitutional crisis comes.  wake up, my republican col… 
house intel gop stonewalled the release of witness interviews until the last day. and hiding behind closed doors, t… 
dr. christine blasey ford deserves our respect.  i am inspired by her courage.  she is one woman, but her words car… 
trump’s congressional allies have been trying for months to bully rod rosenstein into resigning, and the current cr… 
there’s an old saying in washington: show me your budget, and you show me what you value.   well the trump administ… 
the president’s defense team is rooting for him to fire rosenstein, saying it should mean a “time out” in the muell… 
under no circumstances should rod rosenstein resign. this would place the mueller investigation in even greater jeo… 
if the special counsel finds that president trump has obstructed justice, the firing of james comey will be exhibit… 
 years ago, congress passed an authorization for use of military force against those who conducted the / attac… 
trump today acknowledged u.s. allies have urged him not to release highly sensitive material, but left open the pos… 
republicans held justice scalia’s seat open for more than  days. justice kennedy’s seat has been vacant for less… 
wishing all those observing yom kippur an easy fast. gmar chatima tova.
america has been a beacon of hope for those fleeing religious persecution, war, and violence. facing the worst glob… 
president trump has intervened again in a pending investigation by ordering the selective disclosure of classified… 
in the face of a credible claim of sexual assault, corroborated by a therapist’s notes, the senate must stop the ru… 
nunes promised to release all the witness interviews, then reneged. we hope this time he will follow through.the am… 
any move by trump to pardon paul manafort, or dangle a pardon, would be a further act of obstruction of justice. wh… 
manafort’s cooperation agreement is broad and requires him to provide complete and truthful information “in any and… 
another victory for mueller as manafort pleads guilty, admits allegations against him and agrees to cooperate. we m… 
as hurricane florence brings its wrath to the homes of millions of americans, our thoughts go out to all affected.… 
your comments display an ignorance as large as the storm itself.   the death toll was due to a lack of access to po… 
cbo report: deficit to hit $ trillion by ,  years ahead of schedule.  we knew tax cuts for the wealthy would… 
as the congressman whose district includes hollywood, california, i’ve represented some of the biggest stars in the… 
seventeen years later, the memory of september  is still so vivid and its legacy so profound. we remember the liv… 
l'shanah tovah to those celebrating rosh hashanah tonight! sending my best wishes for a happy and healthy new year.
anonymous: trump is amoral, and unhinged, and we must resist rash and misguided orders from him that would harm the… 
at his sentencing, george papadopoulos was held to account for lying to federal investigators – lies which impeded… 
trump’s legal team never had any intention of allowing him to be interviewed, knowing he is incapable of telling th… 
the trump administration separated kids from the parents, and more than  still haven’t been reunited in violatio… 
of course kim has faith in trump, who has welcomed the pariah into the international community, with little to show… 
they flattered me like a dog and told me i had white hairs in my beard ere the black ones were there. to say “ay” a… 
bob woodward’s book paints a portrait of a president constitutionally incapable of telling the truth, without the k… 
trump again threatens to use state power to censor the press. with his “enemy of the people” rhetoric and efforts t… 
america’s greatest economic strength will continue to be the productivity, ingenuity and determination of the ameri… 
the president doesn’t bother to disguise his authoritarian impulses or conviction that law enforcement should simpl… 
two reuters journalists in myanmar were sentenced to seven years in prison for uncovering atrocities against the ro… 
republicans fell all over themselves to give trillions of dollars of tax cuts to the wealthy and to big businesses,… 
i paid my respects to senator mccain today at a ceremony in the rotunda. he invited me to travel with him and it wa… 
russian intelligence agencies helped trump win so only fitting that one of their own should attend his inauguration… 
bad enough that the president’s lawyer, who purports to speak for the administration, urged romania to undermine it… 
here is an issue that is crying out for congressional inquiry. americans, overwhelmingly latinos and including vete… 
if the president’s relationship with china was so strong, it wouldn’t be weakening economic pressure on north korea… 
mr. president, you have at your disposal the resources of the nation’s law enforcement agencies and intelligence co… 
in a more respectful time, mr. vice president, there would be a justice named merrick garland on the supreme court.… 
trump owns a hotel across the street from the fbi hq. he has a financial stake in plans to redevelop or relocate.… 
“do not despair of our present difficulties but believe always in the promise and greatness of america, because not… 
there‘s every reason to believe brett kavanaugh was chosen because he doesn’t believe a president should be subject… 
john mccain was a true american hero. with a spine of steel, refreshing candor and rapier-like wit, he was a lion o… 
thinking of john mccain and his family. throughout his life, senator mccain has exemplified what it means to serve… 
after giving big corporations and the wealthy a giant tax cut, republicans now want to cut medicare &amp; social securi… 
just introduced legislation with  to prevent president trump from retaliating against those on his “ene… 
over  percent of teachers across the country have paid for school supplies out of their own pockets.   so of cour… 
another crack in our system of checks and balances as prominent gop senators signal their willingness to replace an… 
in his praise for manafort, now convicted of multiple felonies but refusing to spill the beans, to his ire with coh… 
those “non-crimes” are punishable by up to five years in prison and $, fine. each. 
the first two members of congress to endorse donald trump, chris collins and duncan hunter jr., have been indicted… 
michael cohen’s guilty plea appears to implicate the president in a knowing violation of campaign finance laws, wit… 
manafort’s conviction shows that mueller’s investigation is far from a witch hunt, as trump falsely repeats as a ma… 
once again, the trump administration has chosen the profits of polluters over public health and safety.  their prop… 
scott pruitt’s soundproof booth cost $, for one call, or $, per minute. congress didn’t learn this; the si… 
for a president who has made over , false statements and misleading claims since taking office — an average of… 
when  first threatened to pull john brennan’s security clearance in july,  said he was just “trol… 
today, giuliani added to orwell’s liturgy:  war is peace.   slavery is freedom.   ignorance is strength.   truth is… 
trump on revoking brennan’s clearance: gotten a “tremendous response” for doing that.  admiral mcraven: “i would co… 
lest there be any doubt, the president lays bare that he is punishing brennan for doing his job to protect the nati… 
in adding john brennan to his enemies list, trump demonstrates again how deeply insecure and vindictive he is — two… 
the trump administration has announced it will be eliminating “family-based” immigration (which they denounce as “c… 
heather heyer was murdered by a white supremacist in charlottesville last year as neo-nazis, the kkk, &amp; white supre… 
yes, mr. president, a year &amp; a half later and your nat'l security &amp; foreign policy advisors both pled guilty to fel… 
if the special counsel finds the president guilty of criminal conduct and sessions will not protect trump, the gop… 
add gop rep. collins, arrested today for insider trading, to the list of the indicted, convicted or disgraced that… 
you've been in office for  long months and you still don't have a science adviser, so allow me to help.  environm… 
two years ago, democrats sought agreement with republicans that neither party would exploit documents hacked by the… 
the russians offered damaging info on your opponent. your campaign accepted. and the russians delivered.  you then… 
president trump is waging a concerted campaign to undermine the first amendment:  calling the press “the enemy of t… 
the trump administration’s decision to remove california’s ability to set its own higher fuel economy standards is… 
the president of the united states just called on his attorney general to put an end to an investigation in which t… 
the evolution of trump on russia:  no meetings with any russians.  ok, lots of low level meetings.  ok, high level… 
it’s clear much more work needs to be done before the midterms to harden our defenses, because foreign bad actors a… 
not content with a budget busting tax break that has helped the wealthy and ceos, the trump admin is considering an… 
in light of reports that trump allegedly knew of and approved meeting with russians, giuliani is now arguing collus… 
my thoughts are with all who have been affected by the terrible fires burning across california.  thank you to the… 
mr. president, we can well understand your desire to fight over your wall. your tax cut is a flop, the economy you… 
news that russian hackers targeted claire mccaskill’s staff shortly after trump called for her ouster is a chilling… 
if trump knew about the june  meeting, this is the chronology:  the russians offered trump help  trump approved ge… 
if allegation trump ok’d june  meeting is true, it means he not only publicly appealed to russia for help, but pri… 
this dangerous move by trump admin to cater to the nra poses a grave threat to public safety by making it possible… 
these articles of impeachment against rod rosenstein were filed in bad faith and show extraordinary lengths to whic… 
pompeo was asked whether he knew what the president agreed to in his private meeting with putin. i ran his answer,… 
these reports of separated children are difficult to read, but cannot be ignored. with the final deadline to reunit… 
as former prosecutor,  things notable about cohen tape:  ) clear giuliani was untruthful when he said trump didn’… 
i’m sure you’re right, mr. president. the russians definitely don’t want a president who undermines nato, excuses t… 
jonathan gold was more than a food critic. his love of people, culture, and yes, a good meal helped tie together ou… 
giuliani’s new “offer” to the special counsel: you can ask the president about conspiracy, but only if trump’s answ… 
just introduced a bill with  and  condemning the president's attacks on nato and his dest… 
politicizing security clearances to retaliate against former national security officials who criticize the presiden… 
the suggestion by the president that antitrust action should be brought by the justice department against amazon be… 
wrong again, mr. president, no matter how many times you repeat it.   investigation began when the fbi learned one… 
the release of the carter page fisa application makes clear, once again, the fbi acted lawfully and appropriately.… 
after his summit with putin, republicans can no longer ignore the fact that, whether he is or not, trump acts like… 
looking more and more like the president cannot separate fact from fiction. fbi had good reason to believe page was… 
deeply saddened to learn that a woman inside the silver lake trader joe’s was shot and killed. i had a chance to sp… 
concerned about shooting and ongoing situation in silver lake. my thanks to police and first responders who are on… 
. spent a year with me, and i take strong issue with the claim i “tell jokes like a dad if that dad had a… 
after this week, can any reasonable person still question whether, if russia offered to help the trump campaign (an… 
if you don’t believe our intelligence agencies, , you might accept vladimir putin’s own admission in hel… 
today, republicans on the house intel committee voted against our motion to subpoena the u.s. interpreter from the… 
breaking:  and i just made a motion in house intel committee to subpoena the american interpreter durin… 
sarah sanders says when trump said “no” the russians wouldn’t intervene in , he really meant yes. apparently it… 
no "consultation" is needed to make clear that u.s. will never cooperate in putin's crusade against bill browder or… 
our intelligence agencies are clear: russia attacked our elections in , and are poised to do so again. dan coat… 
i would say that i completely believe president trump misspoke and that he has full faith and confidence in the mem… 
.’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  reagan.… 
there are some in this administration who believe they are protecting the republic by remaining at president trump’… 
mariia butina, a russian national, has been charged with acting as a surreptitious russian agent and establishing a… 
president trump’s performance today was the most damaging and shameful surrender of american values and interests i… 
president trump just attacked our intelligence agencies and law enforcement for doing their jobs while standing nex… 
instead of blaming america first, put blame where it belongs — on russia.  for invading ukraine. for poisoning brit… 
the president has difficulty concealing his admiration for putin. clearly he views the kremlin strongman as a benef… 
russians are playing the long game – developing their social media presence, including fictitious organizations tha… 
.) those are not “stories,” but charges in an indictment.   .) you asked russians for their help on july , and… 
my full statement on the special counsel’s latest indictment of  russian intelligence officers for hacking clinto… 
latest indictment of russian intelligence officers and kremlin-directed hacking operation designed to help the trum… 
in the category of things you might have missed because it was buried by other corruption and scandal, consider the… 
an absolutely disastrous week for the u.s. as the president bullied his way through europe, leaving a trail of brok… 
gop leadership at the strzok hearing demonstrating again that there is no water they will not carry, no character t… 
in , churchill published a series of speeches warning of germany’s rising menace, “while england slept.”  today… 
our baltic allies are under constant threat from russia, and nato's military exercises are a vital deterrent. littl… 
the trump admin continues to do everything in its power to sabotage the affordable care act, no matter the cost.  t… 
nato came to our defense after we were attacked on /. its members fought by our side in afghanistan. nato has ke… 
while republicans sleep: a rising tide of authoritarianism sweeps over capitals in turkey and the philippines, in h… 
if confirmed, particularly following mcconnell’s refusal to consider merrick garland, judge kavanaugh will only fur… 
when mcconnell refused to hold a confirmation hearing for obama’s supreme court nominee and demanded to wait until… 
ever mindful of his self-interest, trump has picked brett kavanaugh, who once wrote that he didn’t believe a sittin… 
a concerning, but predictable shift. kim may well perceive that trump’s overeager and premature declarations, witho… 
president will never willingly submit to an interview because his lawyers know that he‘ll either incriminate himsel… 
donald trump says the now former epa chief was doing an “outstanding job.”  not since bush complemented “brownie” f… 
this is a completely manmade disaster. it is the result of a president who willed the separation to happen, an ag w… 
i asked one of those charged with the care of these kids how it affected them to see these children missing their p… 
the staff is caring, the facilities were clean, and the organization running them also serves refugee children and… 
for children whose parents have been deported, the family can decide to seek to place the child with a relative in… 
the shelter has  kids separated from their parents. most had been in the facility for weeks. the parents of  of… 
i just visited a shelter for separated children in california. the kids had a place to sleep, food to eat, a school… 
wishing you all a happy and safe fourth of july! 
the senate intelligence committee found what is obvious to all impartial observers: russia meddled in the  elec… 
if the president wanted to know what happened, which was self-reported by the nsa, he could ask.   instead he watch… 
press freedom is essential to democracy in myanmar. the arrest of wa lone and kyaw soe oo was a brazen effort to si… 
inspired by the tens of thousands marching all around the nation to #keepfamiliestogether. we demand an end to this… 
it’s only been  weeks, but scott pruitt has already generated enough new scandals for a new verse:  🎵when the post… 
horrified by the shooting at the capital gazette in annapolis, and thinking of those who were killed and injured.… 
here’s my message to house republicans:   wake up. do your job.  you swore an oath to the constitution, not to this… 
 : pelosi, schumer, schiff, and warner write to wray and rosenstein: "as the attacks on the special counsel intensify, it is…
well, i guess if russia continues to deny interference in our election, that resolves the matter. make way reagan,… 
mcconnell held a supreme court seat open for a year, insisting no justice be confirmed in an election year without… 
another effort by paul manafort to challenge the legality of the special counsel’s investigation has failed. could… 
decision to uphold muslim ban is deeply disappointing and gives scant weight to ’s explicit statements about… 
erdogan “won” reelection in turkey this weekend only by decimating the opposition through arrests, violence and squ… 
the horror of family separation may be “trump’s katrina” and the images of stricken children the crucible that forg… 
mr. president, we won’t turn our back on those fleeing violence and persecution. we won’t stop offering asylum. we… 
russian troll accounts were still active on twitter as recently as this year, interfering in our politics. we will…  congratulations to alex cora, david price, steve pearce and the  world series champion boston red sox!  special… 
tune in to wbz-tv tomorrow morning at :am for my interview with jon keller.  we’ll discuss the midterm elections… 
while we are stunned by this vicious attack, we must stand together to denounce and reject anti-semitism in our society.
my prayers and thoughts are with all people of jewish faith, especially the victims of the horrific tragedy at the… 
 : “as americans, we believe that when our nation comes under attack, we are strongest when we stand together.”
 : they contd. : “just as importantly, we strongly condemn any rhetoric by current or former elected officials, members of…
 : members strongly condemn "any actions that threaten to commit violence against the people of the us including current or…
 : breaking: all house oversight cmte members issue a joint statement strongly condemning the terrorist attacks and any rhe…
the south boston boys and girls club will be hosting a fundraiser tonight at the broadway in south boston. come out… 
(/) it will also increase american spending on a war that has already cost taxpayers more than $ billion since… 
(/) the outsourcing of core military functions to a private “for profit” corporation will tarnish the honor and d… 
(/) today i sent a letter to president trump urging him to oppose any efforts to privatize essential u.s. militar… 
... and discuss how recent legislation will impact milton and nearby areas. town meeting is the essence of our demo… 
great turnout at milton town meeting last night. my thanks to town moderator robert hiss for allowing me to give a… 
good luck to students with the rest of your school year and i wish you all success on whichever path you choose for your future.
thank you to everyone who attended the service academy day information session. nominating students from my distric… 
(/) the wages of employees pale in comparison to the hospitality industry’s profits and i hope marriott will reco… 
(/) today i joined the members of the hospitality workers union, unite here , in support of all the hotel worke… 
(/) drawing his trench knife, rushed into the emplacement. in a hand-to-hand struggle he killed or wounded severa… 
(/) ...and alone, crawled to a german "pill box" machinegun emplacement, from which grenades were being thrown at… 
(/) the michael j. perkins american legion post hosted an event to celebrate this honor, with proceeds going to s… 
(/) congratulations on the th year anniversary of the congressional medal of honor being awarded to michael j.… 
there will be representatives from west point, naval acad, air force acad, merchant marine acad, coast guard acad &amp;… 
i will be hosting an information session for all high school students interested in applying to one of the united s… 
... has been vital to our communities. the  has been instrumental in the fight against the drug cri… 
it was my honor to present the james f. gavin award to my friend and quincy’s mayor tom koch at the gavin foundatio… 
great to see all who attended boston collegiate charter school’s th annual dinner to support public charter schoo… 
...and has had a significant impact on boston development, constructing sustainable buildings and providing innovat… 
congratulations to my good friends lee kennedy, lee michael kennedy, gene kennedy and sheighla  kennedy on the lee… 
i am honored to have received a  score on the human rights campaign  congressional scorecard, which measures… 
 : #audio:  joins 's #morningmeeting to talk #saudiarabia. did saudi arabia kill journalist #jama…
i strongly urge national grid to sit down with union leaders to find a way to work out their differences without sa… 
i joined my friend, braintree mayor joe sullivan and the members of united steelworkers local  in support of a… 
sincere thanks to the  democrats and over  republican house members who have co-sponsored my bill. according t… 
great to join the hardworking union  postal workers in brockton who came together to support my bill, h. res.  w… 
(/) ...faa reauthorization act which requires the faa to review the relationship between aircraft noise exposure… 
(/) my thanks to the new england council and president jim brett for inviting me to speak before the congressiona… 
(/) and criminal actors relying on digital currencies, including bitcoin, to fund their illicit activities.
(/) we have been working with the financial crimes enforcement network (fincen) to cut off the flow of funding to… 
(/) i am very pleased to announce that our financial technology protection bill passed the house this week. i giv… 
this year marks their th anniversary and i am honored to help recognize their profound contributions made to our… 
today i joined my colleagues from the massachusetts congressional delegation to introduce a resolution to honor the… 
(/) improvements to the facility. i’m happy to discuss what upgrades could be made to a recreation center that ha… 
(/) the curley community center (or ‘the l’) is a south boston gem that sits on the water in a beautiful part of… 
it’s important to include residents in the process of planning a redevelopment that could have a significant impact… 
yesterday i joined my neighbors in south boston at the boston planning and development agency public meeting to rev… 
i certainly appreciate the responsiveness of our local delegation, senator collins and councilors flaherty and flyn… 
excellent work by governor baker &amp; mayor walsh on the speed bumps &amp; pedestrian safety improvements that have been m… 
tonight’s sunset will mark the beginning of #yomkippur for the jewish people all over the world.  to all those obse… 
(/) the siting and operation of volatile high pressure natural gas infrastructure within densely settled resident… 
(/) yesterday i called on republican leadership to hold a bipartisan oversight committee hearing to examine the s… 
great crowd at the th annual south boston street festival.  saw lots of old friends and newer neighbors enjoying… 
another great day at hull’s th annual endless summer waterfront festival. great to see so many of our south shore… 
we wish you and patty good health, happiness and plenty of relaxation in your next chapter in life.
congratulations to my friend and union brother, jay hurley on your well-earned retirement from ironworkers local … 
(/) this is why i am a strong advocate for beneficial ownership reporting to crack down on anonymous shell compan… 
(/) beyond facilitating crime and corruption, this flood of dirty money drives up housing prices for my constitue… 
(/) as the following report demonstrates, even the boston real estate market is vulnerable to money laundering.… 
a beautiful and heartfelt service at quincy’s / remembrance ceremony. my thanks to mayor tom koch and the quincy… 
a touching ceremony in braintree this morning to remember all who lost their lives on this day  years ago.  thank… 
we stand together to remember and honor those who served and those who made the ultimate sacrifice, including the … 
joined mayor walsh and governor baker and my neighbors in south boston at medal of honor park for the th annivers… 
great turnout for the historic dedication of the hancock-adams common in quincy.  thanks to governor baker &amp; david… 
very proud to join my brothers and sisters from the massachusetts labor unions for the annual labor day breakfast a… 
thanks to town moderator doc silva for his courtesy in allowing me to offer a brief update on congress and very gra… 
impressive turnout at special town meeting in hull on a beautiful summer evening. my thanks for the warm reception.… 
(/) a longstanding and energetic champion of our veterans, he has personified the highest ideals that america can… 
(/) much remembered for his exploits on the battlefield and his defiant dignity as a prisoner of war, it would be… 
(/) throughout his life, senator john mccain has defined what it means to be a true patriot of our american democ… 
tune into the situation room with wolf blitzer this evening at pm on cnn.  i’ll be discussing whether trump’s new… 
great time catching up with my friend mayor joe sullivan to discuss local matters and issues that are important to… 
(/) following reports that he worked directly with maria butina, who has been charged with infiltrating the nra a… 
(/) my colleague  and i sent a letter to white house chief of staff general john kelly requesting doc… 
thank you peter ventresco and ed defelice for welcoming me to your show “stoughton godfathers” this evening. it was… 
... and allowing me to say a few words. health centers serve more than a million patients in massachusetts and are… 
great visit today to manet community health center with my friend, mayor tom koch, in honor of national health cent… 
my sincere thanks to outgoing commissioner bill evans for his thoughtful and courageous leadership.
congratulations to william gross on being sworn in today as boston's new police commissioner. this is a historic an… 
great to meet with the members of scituate football team and the scituate high school model united nations. (our fu… 
i had a wonderful time at scituate heritage days th anniversary celebration. great turnout to support the scituat… 
 : . is with us discussing the tsa "quiet skies" surveillance program, which has been tracking passenger b…
... and we will have a wider meeting with state, city, and federal officials after the funeral arrangements are con… 
i also spoke with boston transportation department commissioner gina fiandaca, and we will meet as soon as i land b… 
this is heartbreaking. our neighborhood is grieving for the loss of this young boy, and we are praying for his sist… 
 : right now  joins 's #morningmeeting to talk election security following yesterday's oversight…
it’s time for republicans in congress to decide what they stand for. do they stand for democracy? or do they stand… 
to honor these first responders in washington, d.c. a memorial that commends their courage and heroism is long overdue.
each year, , ems personnel come to the rescue of  million americans who need life-saving care. today the ho… 
it is an embarrassment and an injury to our national pride that  today stood in front of the world and refuse… 
we pray also for the second victim and her family. may their grief be lessened by the knowledge that it is widely s… 
we are saddened beyond words at the horrific shootings in weymouth this morning. we pray for officer chesna, his wi… 
this is incorrect.  is referring to . due to the camera angle my name plate appears to be… 
(/) i strongly believe that they should be allowed to return to their duties while national grid and the union le… 
(/) i have seen firsthand the outstanding service that national grid’s workers provide to the public safety and w… 
today i called on republican leadership to immediately hold an oversight committee hearing to investigate this matt… 
deeply troubling reports that the u.s. army is dismissing “legally present” immigrant service members who were prom… 
and thank you to all the members of the norwood parade committee for allowing me to be a part of your independence… 
i had a wonderful time at norwood’s annual th of july parade, lots of happy, energetic people displaying their pat… 
it was a fantastic turnout and i enjoyed seeing everyone along the route having fun. have a happy and safe day of c… 
great time marching with my friends mayor tom koch and sheriff mike bellotti in quincy’s squantum th of july parad… 
special thanks to weymouth’s police and firefighters and mayor bob hedlund for keeping us safe. #thofjuly 
i had a wonderful evening at wessagusset beach for weymouth’s annual th of july celebration. great to see so many… 
rather than spending precious time and resources trying to deploy a military force into outer space, the president… 
this year more than  military generals and admirals wrote a letter to president trump to express the importance… 
meanwhile president trump has proposed cutting the state dept budget by  percent as these posts remain vacant.
... however,  months into his administration, trump has failed to nominate ambassadors to dozens of nations, incl… 
president trump says his government reorganization plan aims to “enhance [the u.s.] global presence” and “ensure th… 
... to identify and return as many american military personnel to their families as quickly as possible. our servic… 
the amendment was included in the defense appropriations act passed in the house today. this added funding will ens… 
it is critical that the defense pow/mia accounting agency is able to move quickly to bring home our fallen heroes.… 
there are , u.s. military personnel who remain listed as missing in action and presumed deceased during the kor… 
i will continue to fight to ensure that workers have dignity, fairness, and a strong voice in the workplace.
this decision undermines decades of precedent that protects the freedom of public service workers like teachers, po… 
today the supreme court ruled against unions’ right to collect fees for services they are required to provide to all workers.
h.r.  was no “compromise” as the republicans claimed – it was an attempt to cut down on legal immigration while… 
it also would have made it more difficult for people fleeing violence and persecution in their home countries to se… 
this bill would have also ended the program that allows u.s. citizens to sponsor their siblings and married childre… 
h.r.  would have ended the visa lottery program – a legal and effective program that treats immigrants from dif… 
today i voted no on the immigration bill that was defeated in the house. here’s why:
three years ago marriage equality became the law of the land, but #lgbtq people still face discrimination across th… 
wells fargo robbed customers by setting up fake accounts and charging unauthorized fees. they were fined $ billion… 
h.r.  includes similar policies that would curtail legal immigration, like ending the visa lottery program and… 
h.r.  is no “compromise” as the republicans claim – it’s an attempt to cut down on legal immigration while addr… 
h.r.  would also make it more difficult for people fleeing violence and persecution in their home countries to… 
this bill would also end the program that allows u.s. citizens to sponsor their siblings and married children for l… 
h.r.  would end the visa lottery program – a legal and effective program that treats immigrants from different… 
i am opposed to both immigration bills being voted on in the house tomorrow. neither of these bills would help fix… 
if republicans are serious about ending the separation of children and parents at the border, they should help us p… 
this week i joined more than  democrats on the keep families together act, which would bar u.s. officials from s… 
it was my pleasure to march with my friend  and see everyone in attendance having a great time! (and a… 
beautiful night and huge patriotic crowds at the annual quincy flag day parade, a wonderful quincy tradition held e… 
this week  comptroller otting – who is responsible for making sure banks don’t discriminate – told my colleag… 
 : many evacuees have raised concerns about returning to puerto rico, which is still rebuilding its infrastructure. https://…
tune in to am or listen to wbz newsradio on  at :pm. i'll be talking to dan rea about… 
the trump administration’s new asylum policy that removes children from the custody of their parents is cruel and u… 
i had a wonderful time at the th annual taste of hingham. great to see so many people celebrating and supporting… 
the  repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect today but the fight for a free and open internet continues as we… 
 : . joins us on the line to discuss his recent trip to the middle east. on israel embassy move: "not surp…
great to see so many people at town meeting engaged in grass roots local government. 
huge turnout at west bridgewater town meeting. wonderful tribute to much-loved former moderator jim benson. thank y… 
congratulations to fire chief tim bailey, walpole’s firefighters and the people of walpole on your new state-of- th… 
great turnout this afternoon at the new walpole fire station opening. thank you town administrator jim johnson and… 
it was an honor to stand alongside men and women currently serving in lebanon, including the u.s. marine detachment… 
 : in mideast, rep. lynch says us should avoid alienating allies 
this morning i met with our dedicated u.s. marine security guards stationed in amman, jordan. 
on sunday i visited with members of jordan’s quick reaction force in zarqa, jordan. they are being trained by u.s.… 
today we remember and honor the brave men and women who have served and made the greatest sacrifices in defense of… 
as part of my visit to the u.s. navy’s fifth fleet serving in bahrain, i met with gov. ali bin abulhussain al-asfoo… 
today i visited u.s. naval forces central command and the u.s. fifth fleet and met with a detachment of u.s. sailor… 
in december i stopped by to speak with some folks who were outside the fcc in washington to demand a free and open… 
there has been a groundswell of support to #savetheinternet since the  decided to reverse #netneutrality rules… 
 : "as members of #rollingthunderxxxi make their way into washington, dc, i hope they will have a chance to see the new chair o…
governing is about making choices and decisions. this is a major health crisis. this is something the white house n… 
yesterday i introduced an amendment to h.r.  that would hold the trump administration accountable for repeatedl… 
congress authorized a funding increase of $.b for opioid addiction prevention and treatment. but we cannot just t… 
the president is required by law to release a national drug control strategy in february of each year, but he misse… 
the opioid epidemic is taking  american lives a day. we are facing a devastating public health emergency and it… 
 : fed up with increased restrictions on information and less on-the-ground access, some #democrats are seeking more transparen…
it is shameful that congress is weakening rules that protect american taxpayers and the u.s. economy. #s
#s weakens critical consumer protections that were put in place after the financial crisis and makes it easier… 
#s makes it more likely that big banks will resume risky behavior and that taxpayers will once again be require… 
today i voted against #s because it is another big give-away to the nation’s biggest banks.
my heart aches for the families and friends of the stoughton students involved in yesterday's car crash in east bri… 
democrats have proposed numerous common-sense gun safety bills that would help make our children safer, but republi… 
my prayers are with the victims of the tragedy in santa fe, tx, their families, and the courageous first responders… 
just months after giving massive tax breaks to corporations and adding $. trillion to the national debt, republic… 
today i voted against reducing food assistance for children, seniors, veterans, and people with disabilities. the… 
today the senate voted to overturn the  reckless decision to end #netneutrality. the house votes next and it wi… 
excellent presentation on town finances at norwood town meeting last night. thank you town moderator david hern for… 
i also got to meet with canton high students working to educate the public on substance abuse prevention - and juni… 
happy to attend the canton town meeting last night, my thanks to town moderator dick staiti for allowing me to prov… 
it is important that members of congress have ready access to this data so we can monitor the effectiveness of our… 
the trump administration's policies have made it more difficult for members of congress – and nearly impossible for… 
thank you to the walpole recreation department for hosting such a great event. rain or shine, walpole residents kno… 
despite the weather, glad to see a good turnout at the th annual walpole day parade and celebration. great to see… 
thank you to all students in the th district who submitted artwork. it was wonderful to see the talent and dedicat… 
congratulations to norwood high school student mya tomlinson on winning this year’s congressional art competition i… 
thank you to all students in the th district who submitted artwork. it was wonderful to see the talent and dedicat… 
 : just in: dems press for subpoena for documents revealing who improperly classified handwritten notes of top doj official…
today's decision by  to withdraw from the jcpoa puts the world at greater risk of nuclear proliferation and s… 
thanks to the local officials and members of the town meeting for your civic pride and hard work in this most basic… 
i had the pleasure to attend walpole’s town meeting tonight. thank you town moderator dan bruce for allowing me to… 
great turnout at stoughton’s town meeting this evening as  new stoughton firefighters were sworn in and received t… 
... and the anne m. lynch homes tenant association president phyllis corbitt for your hard work to maintain and imp… 
i’m proud to have mayor walsh,  &amp;  join me today as we acknowledge the steps we must take to… 
... to maintain and update public housing developments across the country. my five sisters and i grew up in public… 
honored to host my friend &amp; colleague hakim jeffries,  at the anne lynch homes at old colony to discuss… 
wonderful event at the “road to recovery” gala last night to benefit the , a safe haven for those s… 
great to attend the cohasset town meeting last night. very lively and thoughtful debate. impressive turnout and a g… 
(/) thanks to the parents, coaches and players for their participation and bravo to the deer hill band for a spir… 
(/) enjoyed a beautiful morning with cohasset’s youth baseball and softball at the annual opening day and parade.… 
friendly reminder that the submission deadline for the annual congressional art competition is quickly approaching.… 
i would hope  agrees that we were sent to washington to make lives better for all americans–not just a… 
it is a sad day when a jesuit priest and member of the society of jesus is punished because he had the audacity to… 
i am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of lana jones. lana was a compassionate and thorough reporter and a won… 
i will be taking your questions live on  tonight. tune in at pm to wbz  am.
it was great to attend the hingham town meeting this evening. thank you town moderator michael puzo for allowing me… 
wonderful time at east braintree’s little league opening day ceremonies. thanks to mayor joe sullivan, ebll preside… 
great to attend whitman’s little league opening day. thank you to wbsa president dan driscoll, vp josh brennan and… 
the submission deadline for the annual congressional art competition is approaching: entries must be received by ap…   : last week secretary zinke tried to fire his inspector general. this week we find out the ig he tried to fire has referred zinke…
 : looks like we’re not the only ones concerned with secretary zinke’s multiple scandals and pretending to be above the law. #inve…
the #goptaxscam drove up the deficit and now, republicans will look to make up the difference by cutting medicaid,… 
trump's comments are a political stunt meant to incite radical anti-immigrant sentiment right before an election. d… 
the military is barred from participating in domestic law enforcement without special authorization from congress.… 
enjoyed promoting healthy habits and fitness with the students and teachers at los amigos tech academy right here i… 
 despite trump administration’s attempts at sabotage, arizonans still have access to aca plans.
proud to be a champion of civil and human rights. the struggle isn't over, and i'll keep fighting to ensure full eq… 
it's been clear from the beginning: the trump administration's 'zero-tolerance' policy was a complete disaster. mon… 
closing the border to asylum seekers with credible claims is akin to turning our back on those fleeing unimaginable… 
yesterday's opening of a newly upgraded port of entry in san luis, az shows that securing the border starts with mo… 
more and more evidence demonstrates the reckless implementation of trump's 'zero-tolerance' policy that separated t… 
gutting health coverage for millions of vulnerable opioid-addicted americans undercuts the progress made in combati… 
more than  million people are walking today thanks to the polio vaccine. this #worldpolioday, let’s work to ensur… 
 : we’re with  and the #expandsocialsecurity caucus: we need to protect, enhance, and expand this vital sour…
i’m in san luis, az today to celebrate the opening of new construction and pedestrian lanes at the port of entry th… 
maybe he was busy with 'executive time', but trump seems to forget that his own policies and actions will imperil t… 
just a reminder: the trump administration is backing a republican lawsuit that would end health coverage for preexi… 
biggest fact check: this isn't a 'caravan' or 'army,' but a group of asylum seekers fleeing unimaginable violence w… 
 : rm  and + democrats are pushing blm to rescind a rule that’s limiting public input on #publiclands energy dev…
 : president trump has no right trying to claim credit for our #cleanair. his administration is doing everything it can do to eras…
 : don’t be fooled – president trump is no friend of #cleanair. he’s trying to reverse clean water and air rules to clear the way…
separating families by giving immigrants a false choice is still separating families.  #familiesbelongtogether, and… 
republican deficit hypocrisy is stunning. come november, house democrats will work #forthepeople to protect and str… 
this is an effort by the trump administration to erase #transgender identity and deny important civil rights protec… 
any surprise that the man who can't condemn his saudi buddies for murdering a journalist is more than happy to prai… 
 : if secretary zinke gets his way he will leave  smaller, weaker, and less effective and americans will suffer as a resu…
trump demonstrates a complete ignorance of the border every time he opens his mouth or tweets during executive time… 
 : ranking member  on the latest #zinke scandal: “republicans have known about secretary zinke’s many scandals for…
deploying military to the border is costly, ineffective, and does nothing to strengthen border security.  sending t… 
how many times do we have to tell this 'stable genius' that #climatechange is real?  rolling back environmental pro… 
 : rm , ,  &amp;  are urging scrutiny of the new  inspector general. it's…
 : our #wastedresources series has spent the last month outlining natural resources republicans' worst, most misguided hearings an…
republicans hard at work. in addition to wanting to cut your social security, medicare, and medicaid; now they want… 
republicans used to rail against high deficits--until they were caused by their #goptaxscam that gave massive tax c… 
here we have it: mitch mcconnell reverting to alternative facts. let’s be clear: the gop exploded the deficit to pa… 
secretary nielsen, please resign. #familiesbelongtogether 
big pharma received massive tax breaks and lined their pockets with new profits instead of making prescription drug… 
our #lgbtq brothers and sisters shouldn't face discrimination based on who they are or who they love. i'm proud to… 
#spoileralert: #climatechange is real, it's man-made, and it's one of the greatest threats to our future. the time… 
house republicans exploded the deficit with their #goptaxscam for the wealthy and big corporations, and now they're… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
the application deadline for nominations to military service academies for #az is oct.  for those wishing to be… 
trump remains oblivious to the trauma he inflicted on thousands of immigrant children and their parents. as he wast… 
each day, families are torn apart by our immigration policies. democrats are ready to create a system that prioriti… 
this proposal is about protecting the ego of a notoriously thin-skinned president, and it will have grave repercuss… 
make no mistake, we will undertake every effort to stop this president and his cronies from implementing any iterat… 
 : republicans &amp; pres trump are attacking our #publiclands so they can sell them off to their oil &amp; gas industry friends. read &amp; r…
suppressing science isn't how we make good policy. i joined my house colleagues and urged the interior dept. to aba… 
today marks the th anniversary of matthew shepard's death, and i remain committed to opposing violence and hate d… 
 : to our #lgbtq community, we wish a happy #nationalcomingoutday! everyone should come out to visit stonewall national monument …
it’s #hispanicheritagemonth and #latinos have had a significant, positive impact on our economy and are starting th… 
this latest move by the trump admin is an egregious assault on the people who call the borderlands home. these waiv… 
great #socialsecurity news for our seniors – next year’s cola will be .%. however, with the rising costs seniors… 
 : the time for action is now! republicans &amp; president trump are destroying our planet by rolling back environmental standards and…
while trump claims to support protections for people with preexisting conditions, his administration refuses to def… 
we know trump likes his 'alternative facts' but his latest op-ed in usa today was ridiculous. #medicareall will no… 
#climatechange isn't a chinese hoax as trump the 'stable genius' wants you to believe. it's real, and it will have… 
 : natural resources republicans have been working hard to keep gun lobbyists happy.  &amp; read our latest edition of #wastedresour…
despite a clear consensus, president trump ended our involvement in the paris climate accord and remains intent on… 
this latest ruling opens up the old wounds of family separation in indian country &amp; imperils native children. attac… 
today is the last day to register to vote in arizona. our democracy gives americans a choice in who they send to wa… 
increasing emissions of toxins is not how you 'make america great again.'  americans deserve better than… 
want to know the worst part of the #goptaxscam? #itsapayoff to their wealthy donors at the expense of working famil… 
trump's useless border wall would completely upend the relationship that we have with our brothers and sisters acro… 
 : we’re proud to stand w native american communities in demanding acknowledgment of america’s historical mistreatment of tribal p…
 : i joined ,  &amp; my colleagues to urge  to withdraw his nomination of judge kavan…
protecting #nepa is one of the best ways we can ensure our communities have access to clean air, water, and land. t… 
every american deserves to drink clean water, breathe clean air &amp; not fear exposure to harmful toxins/chemicals. i'… 
#kavanaugh resorted to partisan attacks and lied under oath repeatedly. he doesn’t have the honesty nor the tempera… 
republicans drove up the deficit with their #goptaxscam and now, they will look to make cuts to social security, me… 
 : citing his misleading statements under oath,  house members led by ,  and  ca…
tps recipients are important parts of our communities. they own businesses, have families, and love this country. d… 
just incredible. when the epa moved to limit the science it uses to determine rule-making to protect the health of… 
donald trump's "big, beautiful wall' is nothing more than a myth. it destroys the environment, militarizes border c… 
to those living in parts of the tohono o’odham nation affected by flooding: stay safe and please contact nation off… 
when the president mocks survivors of sexual assault like dr. ford, he's sending a message to women everywhere and… 
 : rm  &amp;  dems including  rm  are calling on president trump to cancel his polluter-…
over  year has passed since trump ended #daca and put the lives of , #dreamers in limbo. it's time for congr… 
 : last night the president mocked a survivor of sexual assault while a room of his supporters cheered him. this exact beh…
i haven't forgotten the devastation caused by deepwater horizon, but it seems like trump and his cronies have. the… 
dhs had no clue how to enforce their zero-tolerance policy that separated families at the border, and their actions… 
deplorable conditions, neglect, and abuse are the consequences of privatized immigrant detention centers who sacrif… 
 : read &amp; : this week on #wastedresources dems are exposing natural resources republicans’ attacks on our most important environ…
i'm disgusted by this attack on same-sex families. only % of un member countries allow same-sex marriage, and thi… 
our lawsuit to hold the president accountable is moving forward. the american people have a right to know if trump… 
maximizing profits off of the suffering of others isn't just heinous-it's completely immoral. that's why i introduc… 
 : years of creative, dedicated organizing by progressives--at workplaces, unions, with candidates and officials, and insi…
all children deserve equal access to opportunities that help them achieve the american dream. by investing in our c… 
 people died and countless others were wounded in the las vegas mass shooting one year ago, and congress still ha… 
#climatechangeisreal, and even the trump administration's own analysis recognizes this. instead of doing more to st… 
 : breaking: rm  &amp; + dems are urging sec zinke to stop his rushed plan to weaken management standard at #bearsea…
the trump administration has replaced one crisis with another--and under the cover of darkness, no less. instead of… 
 : this weekend republicans let #lwcf expire for the second time on their watch. millions of americans have benefited from #lwcf.…
voting may be a right, but it’s a sad reality that it’s not equally accessible to all people. that’s why i joined m… 
 : it’s unbelievable that republicans are leaving town with no plans to #savelwcf before it expires on sunday! this program protec…
 : republicans used their st #goptaxscam to open oil drilling in the #arcticrefuge - one of the few untouched areas left in ameri…
 : why are natural resources republicans hell-bent on ending the #endangeredspecies act as we know it? read &amp;  our latest #waste…
instead of passing another round of tax cuts and giving another hand-out to the wealthy and big corporations, congr… 
 : today  voted to pass #taxscam, which will add trillions to the nation’s deficit and target important programs…
yesterday's hearing &amp; today's actions by the gop are a national disgrace. and that blame rests solely with senate r… 
 : “instead of doubling down on these terrible policies, we need a tax system that is fair for working families.” – co-cha…
 : our co-chairs  and  wrote an op-ed in the  outlining how working families in this…
voting is a right--and we should do everything in our power to ensure that everyone has equal access to casting the… 
the latest round of tax cuts being voted on today is nothing more than another hand-out to the wealthy and big corp… 
the credible and serious allegations of sexual assault concerning #kavanaugh require a full investigation.  to rush… 
our country has no business aiding and abetting the perpetrators of the humanitarian crisis in yemen. it's time for… 
can betsy devos actually do something to help improve our children's education instead of advocating for the intere… 
 : #lwcf is not simply about preserving open spaces and protecting our air, water and land – it is also good for business &amp; the ov…
 : rm  is hosting a #lwcf forum with business leaders to hear how outdoor recreation is fueling our economy in com…
our democracy gives americans a choice in who they send to washington to represent them. find out how you can regis… 
 : there’s no excuse for allowing #lwcf to expire in  days. republicans love to talk about how they support protecting our #publi…
#didyouknow that #lwcf supports over . million jobs?  to tell republicans that it's time to #savelwcf before it… 
republicans are too busy passing their #goptaxscam instead of protecting #publiclands that communities across the c… 
 : protect the vote. each and every day. 
the people of #puertorico deserve to be treated with humanity and the opportunity to rebuild their communities afte… 
the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their w… 
celebrated the th anniversary of federal recognition of the pascua yaqui tribe of arizona and honored the legacy… 
since the day he stepped into the dept of justice, sessions has remained hell-bent on pushing an anti-immigrant age… 
it's time for my republican colleagues to join democrats and pass legislation to #protectmueller and send a clear m… 
trump and his cronies would rather separate families at the border than fund important health research programs.  
punishing parents for taking their children to the doctor is not how we conduct immigration policy. this latest act… 
 : this #publiclandsday, help us stop the clock! we can’t afford to lose the . million jobs that #lwcf supports. we’re still twe…
 : at  in southern #arizona you can enjoy everything from enormous saguaro cactus to beautiful mountain and desert trai…
happy #publiclandsday! take some time today to enjoy the great outdoors and visit one of your local national parks.… 
i was honored to join a moving event of remembrance at the southern arizona va health care system to honor the live… 
 : tomorrow is the th annual #publiclandsday! #getoutdoors &amp; visit our national parks &amp; other public lands for free to celebrate…
veterans who fought for our country overseas should not have to fight their deportation when they return. my vetera… 
after adding trillions to the deficit to pay for their tax cuts, the gop is now looking to cut social security, med… 
 : this decision by president trump’s administration will harm taxpayers, waste american energy, pollute our air and make #climate…
#latinos have served in our military, fought for labor rights and worker protections, and made critical contributio… 
 : thank you to everyone who participated in today’s #hurricanemaria forum, especially great cohosts  &amp; …
after my visit to the southwest key facility in tucson and the subsequent allegations of abuse, i have repeatedly c… 
interested in checking out one of your local museums for free on saturday, sept ? for smithsonian museum day, you… 
one year and  deaths later, #puertorico is still reeling from #hurricanemaria. now is the time for congress to… 
 : we #standwithpuertorico. look back with us at the first year of #hurricanemaria recovery under the trump administration -- and…
 : republicans in congress turned their back on #puertorico &amp; u.s. virgin islands following #hurricanemaria. we’re demanding they…
no student should have to take on debilitating debt for a college degree. legislation like the debt-free college ac… 
have a creative idea for an app? if you're a high school student in #az you can participate in my office's app ch… 
for six years, #daca has allowed #dreamers to attend school, work, and serve in the military; but all this is at ri… 
 : if you love sea turtles -- and who doesn't -- help ranking member  keep the  research center open…
not on my watch either. trump's attack on the flores settlement and attempts to detain children indefinitely will b… 
interning in my arizona and washington, dc offices are great ways to gain valuable experience in government, policy… 
dr. ford's voice deserves to be heard, and i'm proud to join this letter from my colleagues urging the u.s. senate… 
september is passport awareness month, and if you're a resident of yuma, check out this passport event on thursday,… 
are you in the nogales area and need assistance with a federal agency? my office will be holding mobile office hour… 
 : in today’s edition of #wastedresources we’re exposing how republicans failed #puertorico following hurricane maria.  &amp; read h…
trump and his complicit gop have no clue to the struggles of working families. after exploding the deficit with the… 
the native american suicide prevention act will address the growing and disproportionate suicide rates among native… 
 : in some native communities, the suicide rate for youths is x the national average. i’m introducing a bipartisan bill with…
interested in attending a military academy for fall of ? if you're a resident of #az, applications are curren… 
 : since #lwcf was established in  it has expanded access to our #publiclands &amp; protected +, special places across americ…
 people died in #puertorico, and the trump administration's failure to adequately respond has never received th… 
the #latino story in america is one of activism. this #hispanicheritagemonth, let’s renew our commitment to fight f… 
republicans passed their #goptaxscam, drove up the deficit &amp; are looking to make deep cuts to #socialsecurity, medi… 
 : icymi: this week on #wastedresources we’re calling out natural resources republicans for using their power to spread lies &amp; cla…
the trump administration makes no secret of its disdain for our nation's bedrock environmental laws, but we're figh… 
arizona public education institutions are changing lives and providing countless opportunities to students across o… 
it wasn't just fema. dept. of homeland security transferred more than $ million from other agencies to ice for t… 
 : today natural resources passed a historic bipartisan agreement to reauthorize #lwcf &amp; new funding for  maintena…
 :  &amp; read how ranking member  and natural resource democrats fought back against #wastedresources &amp; for an in-d…
plain and simple, the trump administration's policies have inflicted nothing but pain and trauma on immigrant child… 
seeking asylum is a legal right, yet  and his cronies are denying that to countless individuals fle… 
 : puerto ricans are american citizens and don’t deserve to be treated this way by their own president. 
i'm proud to be a co-chair of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus and defend a program that keeps more than  million… 
#socialsecurity is not welfare, an entitlement, or whatever negative epithet republicans have attached to it. it’s… 
in the midst of a life-threatening hurricane barreling toward the east coast,  has nothing better t… 
 : thank you  for co-chairing the #expandsocialsecurity caucus! 
arizona teachers are the unsung heroes of our communities. every day they wake up &amp; prepare the next generation to… 
hundreds of thousands of young, talented #dreamers have benefited from the implementation of #daca, but this admini… 
protecting native women from physical and sexual violence should be a nonpartisan issue. i spoke with  on… 
 : . on the reauthorization #vawa - "it should be a nonpartisan issue, a bipartisan issue and we should move on…
 : .: “we need to save the #endangeredspeciesact to protect our land &amp; wildlife for future generations.” https:/…
#factcheck for trump: his handling of the crisis in puerto rico was an absolute travesty that resulted in the death… 
arizona residents are always ready and willing to help others in need. proud of these red cross of yuma county volu… 
donald trump would rather rip children from the arms of their parents at the border than protect americans from dev… 
native americans face some of the largest barriers to casting their ballot in federal elections. we need a strong v… 
 : judging by the amount of attention republicans in congress have paid to the #puertorico death toll and ongoing recovery, trump…
i’m grateful that my office could help oralia’s family and facilitate their humanitarian parole after this tragic s… 
#kavanaugh could be disastrous for the tribal sovereignty of our native american brothers and sisters across the un… 
there is not a single ounce of compassion in the trump administration when it comes to immigration. instead of look… 
the #goptaxscam inflated the deficit and will now look to make up for it with cuts to social security, medicare, me… 
i'll never forget the lives lost in the unimaginable tragedy our nation endured  years ago. as we continue to mov… 
interested in gaining valuable government, policy, or casework experience? it's not to late to apply for an interns… 
we entrust teachers with the responsibility to educate the next generation, yet we refuse to pay them a living wage… 
i'm proud of the students and faculty that make the  the great institution that all of us love. congratulation… 
during #suicideprevention month, reach out, step up, and be there for the veterans in your life who are struggling… 
it's unacceptable to separate children from their parents &amp; lock them up indefinitely. the trump administration nee… 
congratulations to the city of tucson for winning a choice neighborhood planning grant! grants like these revitaliz… 
it’s natl food bank day &amp; i’m grateful to all of the food banks across #az that help fight hunger in their commun… 
looking for a great internship opportunity to gain policy, casework, and government experience? applications are no… 
congratulations to the arizona state museum for receiving a grant from the museums for america grants program that… 
i urge my colleagues in the senate to vote no on #kavanaugh. #whatsatstake 
reproductive rights, #lgbt equality, and the future of the #daca program are just some of the many things at stake… 
psychologists, pediatricians, and social workers agree: children do not belong in indefinite detention. new documen… 
#factsmatter, and it looks like none were taken into account when the trump administration crafted their refugee po… 
#kavanaugh on #scotus could decide the fate of #daca and whether #familiesbelongtogether. we can't afford his parti… 
went to the senate with my  colleagues to denounce the nomination of #kavanaugh to the supreme court… 
with state legislatures enacting harsh anti-voter laws that discourage participation and suppress the voting power… 
it's not 'hypothetical' when there is an ongoing investigation into the actions of this president, and anyone servi…  / thankfully, i worked with my fellow   to restore $m to this critical program and… 
/ strange  would suggest tighter security would have prevented greater tragedy in #pittsburgh, co… 
there’s a lot i could say about ’s comments following the #pittsburghshooting, but not today. today… 
welcomed  +  new #manufacturing #jobs to #md #whitemarsh today! they will be making #defense technol… 
great news!  will be receiving $. million from the   program to combat #heroin… 
 : thank you to the office of  for meeting us today! #districtadvocate   join the chorus: …
it was a full house today, when #teamdutch welcomed registered dietitians and nutritionists from . dietit… 
great work from my #maryland colleague  on his report breaking down the #md impacts of… 
grateful for the cohesive and coordinated efforts we’re seeing from federal, state and local law enforcement in res… 
 : cookies that say #savelwcf next to a giant crustacean? it only makes sense in the office of rep.  ruppersberger (m…
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 : i had the opportunity to visit the  ice cream factory in laurel with  and  amb. …
great time speaking at the aberdeen chamber of commerce luncheon today + learning how federal policy affects #md… 
didn’t want  to think i missed their big news: mid-atlantic regional spaceport was selected as… 
had a great time touring   ice cream factory in #md's laurel this morning. we learned a lot abou… 
met with folks from the juvenile diabetes research fund   yesterday in the #md office! we discu… 
 : bridges welcomed the opportunity to host  and other cyber leaders for a working group discussion of critic…
helping to welcome three new #cyber #tech firms to  w/  and . this announc… 
met today w/ #md #cyber  business leaders to discuss the security clearance backlog. we must reform this pro… 
i just received a perfect score on ’s #hrcscorecard for this congressional session! i am proud to stand on the… 
proud to support #md #maryland's research priorities + student aid as a member of the . so important… 
proud to support your efforts!!! 
had a great time recognizing the best of the best in  friday night at #teacheroftheyear banquet. co… 
are you a resident in #md who needs help securing your , #medicare or #veterans benefits, or help… 
got into politics to help people + that’s what we’re doing. proud to announce #teamdutch has now recovered more tha… 
it’s official! #teamdutch has recovered more than $ million for #md constituents so far this congress! are you a… 
#teamdutch met w/ #md constituents +  students last week to discuss #healthcare legislation + the i… 
great news for , but i'd like to see a long-term fix to the way these are determined to better reflect the risi… 
attn #md students! do you love to code? it's not too late to enter the  and see your original app… 
 : minority leader of the united states house of representatives  and u.s. representative for maryland’s nd co…
#coachusa is going the extra mile by joining a national effort to combat human trafficking. i'm proud that #md di… 
speaking now  #cybermd and about to introduce ! great to see so many local #cyber comp… 
rip, joe tydings, my fellow terp. he was principled, passionate and patriotic. he was a reminder of what public ser… 
  had fun welcoming  back home to #maryland  today and hear her take questi… 
#teamdutch's kevin was honored to attend  troop ’s th anniversary celebration this weekend in #md… 
helping to kick off the  dept. of aging's annual #powerofage expo! #md home to some of the most active… 
shout-out to  for deciding today to increase it's in-house #minimumwage to $/hr for all employers. i hope… 
proud to stand with      … 
 : proud to join       to discuss the fight…
 : it's the #nasath birthday! we opened our doors to the world on oct. , .  to celebrate, listen to our  rover…
i was proud to stand with my fellow former  executives dennis rasmussen and ted venetoulis + current exec… 
#md constituents w/  met with #teamdutch today to discuss patient protections in insurance coverage.… 
.: postpone the #kavanaugh  vote until a thorough, serious fbi investigation into these allegat… 
hey  - look how tall i am! enjoyed meeting w/  yesterday - thanks for supporting student a… 
#teamdutch's michael joined local officials yesterday at the  site to celebrate the successful enviro… 
really enjoyed last night's event   with friends on both sides of the aisle… 
 : have questions about china for  or rep. ? tweet them to us with #bipartisanusip for our q&amp;a. https:…
tune in for riveting conversation! #bipartisanusip 
 : we wrapped up the lead annual meetings with a lunch on capitol hill where we honored congressional staff who are former stu…
 : . is giving a speech at    tonight on the state of our cyber and homeland securi…
   thanks for having me! great event!!
 : join us tomorrow for a bipartisan congressional dialogue with  and  as we examine china’s activitie…
great to join you! thanks for your advocacy on behalf of student athletes and congratulation’s to all of the hill s… 
rave reviews are in for #md  #dundalk's own richie merritt, making his acting debut in… 
  looking forward to a great conversation w: my friend  !
had a great time at the #essexday festival this weekend.  proud to represent this patriotic and close-knit communit… 
#teamdutch’s danielle attended the #eaglescout  court of honor for john thomas reid of #md baltimore to… 
 :  thanks for taking a few moments to listen to me talk about  and how  is working to pr…
please join me today in a moment of reflection for those brave americans who were taken prisoner, or remain unaccou… 
this week is prescription #opioid and heroin epidemic awareness week. let's take a minute to remember those who hav… 
 : please remember to follow us for official information. help us eliminate the rumors that are floating out there.
one thing i know for sure: people who go to work every day should be guaranteed the right to return home to their f… 
 : a family reunification center is set up at the level volunteer fire house,  level village rd havre de grace
multiple fatalities and injuries in #md #aberdeen according to . excellent response by all accoun… 
monitoring shooting in #md #aberdeen.  asking folks to avoid the area. praying for the victims an… 
 : we can confirm there was a shooting in the area of spesutia road and perryman road.  multiple victims.  the situation…
to all of my #md jewish friends, g'mar hatima tova! 
 : correction: last seen in the  block of e. padonia rd. ^jzp 
 : #missing: lexi gottesman () ls at school in  blk patapsco ave yesterday afternoon. '",  lbs, blnd/blk hair, brn…
declassifying documents related to an ongoing investigation is a gross abuse of power.  trump’s sel… 
i agree w/    this is a lifetime appointment. we have to be thorough. we have to get it right. 
 : shout-out to ,  and  for co-sponsoring the #reachact! we’re looking forwar…
today we welcomed this group -- including several #md constituents -- from , an organization that wor… 
fingers crossed that we miss the brunt of #florence, but these  tips are good to keep in mind for any major st… 
fought to protect  #bwet grant program as member of  and, now,  th graders will g… 
 : join us on sep.  for our latest bipartisan congressional dialogue as we host  (r-ut) and rep.  (d…
spent monday w/  in #md's #towson, learning about the company’s growth and how federal policy aff… 
what better way to honor the lives lost and our first responders than with simple acts of kindness? doing my part b… 
never forget the lives lost and the selfless bravery of so many. no terrorist can ever change who we are and what w… 
 : thanks  for taking the #protruthpledge  to fight #alternativefacts and #fakenews -…
wishing all of my jewish constituents throughout #md a peaceful, healthy and happy new year! 
what was i doing wednesday night? gathering w/ #bipartisan house  caucus! proud to lead this group w/ my goo… 
 :  and : thank you for hosting last night's army caucus breakfast. you enduring support of our u.…
 : great turnout at the house  caucus fall reception. thanks to house army caucus co-chairs  &amp; rep. …
    thank you for a great event! proud to chair this bipartisan caucus!
 thanks for your advocacy!
 : wishing all the hardworking men and women of this country, and the unions who fight for their interests, a happy #labord…
 don’t feel bad. glad you find me interesting!
  thanks, i guess?
 : zero. this seems to be how much respect  has for federal workers.  it's outrageous and hypocritical that after spe…
know any stand-out college students interested in politics? we are looking for high-achieving applicants for our fa… 
 : student loan debt is a huge problem that the trump administration is only making worse. they continue to sideline offi…
the every student succeeds act provides money to help schools build a better learning environment. secretary devos… 
giving a special shout-out today to our #teamdutch dc staff assistant, , who is recovering from an emer… 
#teamdutch’s ashley presented a citation to st. john’s towers in #havredegrace for their th anniversary friday. s… 
.  was a public servant in every sense of the word and a true titan of the senate. our country has lo… 
  best podcast yet!
 : conduit street #podcast: live at #macocon with special guest, congressman . special thanks to …
wrapped up taping an episode of   live w/  at #macocon! talked infrastructure bonds, elec… 
so busy at #macocon w/ , i had to call in reinforcements! just got visits from  + stacey s… 
 : thank you  for voting the right way on snap. we urge you to stay strong and not let older marylanders go hungry.…
 : icymi: don't miss congressman  at #macocon catch up on the latest episodes of the  here: https…
 : #arethafranklin was iconic -- she was the queen of soul. the power of her music demanded respect and empowerment for w…
decision by   to revoke ’s security clearance isn’t just dumb - it’s downright da… 
       … 
 : we’re proud to show staffers from maryland's u.s. congressional delegation around , where students, faculty, &amp; s…
today, #teamdutch must say "see you later" to diego marin, who will be pursuing his grad degree in belgium. i alway… 
#teamdutch's dave toured   today in #baltimore + talked w/ ceo  about a tax… 
i'm really excited to introduce the newest addition to #teamdutch, kevin mcguire! kevin (left) is a  grad w… 
it's always great to run into a #teamdutch intern alum who is doing well! laura hillard was a stand-out intern in m… 
#teamdutch's ashley was on hand today for the change of command ceremony at #md's . congrats + welcome… 
i join  in opposing an effort to revoke post-/ gi bill transferability. anything that breaks fait… 
i’ve never gone by “charles” or “charlie” or even “congressman.” thanks to  for explaining why i tell ever… 
 : the men and women of the  have long needed a new headquarters, as the hoover building is crumbling around them. …
enjoyed a quick lunch of #teriyaki wings and a diet coke at the #md sea horse inn in #dundalk today. great spot t… 
i had a letter printed in the   this weekend on  threat to revoke secur… 
this week, i coauthored a  amendment to end the separation of families at the border. the heartless + inhuma… 
i had the honor of celebrating #nationalinternday with my outstanding district and dc interns! i am so proud of all… 
more than . million people in #maryland could lose access to affordable health care if we don’t stop the… 
efforts to impeach rod rosenstein are beyond the pale. his handling of the mueller investigation has been above boa… 
congrats to #columbiamd #maryland-based  on its initial public offering!  growing local employer th… 
 : i strongly support  and ’s amendment to prohibit the use of funds to separate families at…
 : . supports  &amp; ’s amendment. urges congress to stand together for basic human decenc…
about to speak on my amendment to the  appropriations bill w/   that will block a… 
interested in a career in politics? a capitol hill internship is a great place to learn the ropes and see our democ… 
#maryland will be receiving nearly $ million in federal grant funding from  to provide reemployment services… 
#teamdutch met w/  members to discuss the importance of incorporating #ag into our school curriculum. a… 
proud to partner w/  on #bipartisan resolution concurring w/ intelligence community's  … 
visiting w/  staff in #baltimore. i sit on  subcommittee that funds many of their import… 
 : “at one time is was taboo for men to talk about women’s health care, but no more. this attack on women’s health care is out…
joining the rest of baltimore’s federal delegation speaking out against proposed #titlex gag rule. attacks on acces… 
 : thanks to the entire federal delegation of baltimore city for standing with us to provide health access to women in balt…
my heart goes out to the loved ones of the brave #firefighter killed this morning in howard county. tough day for t… 
 : thanks to the members of congress who came to mingle with #umd interns &amp; alumni at the annual "terps on the hill": …
     #goterps! #feartheturtle!
 : great visit with  at alban cat in elkridge, md. insightful discussion about workforce development, infrastruct…
 : great meeting with congressman ruppersberger’s staff advocating for ¢ makes sense.   #centsed…
 : thank you david heitlinger from the office of  for your engaging conversation on women and lung cancer and th…
despite what   might say, russia interfered w/ our elections. tomorrow, i'm dropping a… 
as the #opioidepidemic rises, overdoses are happening everywhere. i am now certified to administer #narcan by the b… 
 : proud to have my colleagues , , , , , , …
 : reminder:  has proposed zeroing out funding for election security grants that help states fortify &amp; protect their…
we’ve made too much progress to walk back now! 
 : after a speech where rep. steny hoyer () called for rising “above pandering to party and putin to act on behalf of…
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
 : to embrace vladimir putin as openly as the president did, and in the face of clear russian provocations, is to fundament…
 : fact: russia interfered in the  election.  fact. russia continues to launch bold and increasingly aggressive cyber-a…
as americans, it is our responsibility to arm ourselves with the facts, especially surrounding #nationalsecurity. w… 
 : current and former members of the house intelligence committee are standing together today to support the american intel…
 : statement from dni coats  
today was an opportunity for  to stand up for democracy + tell putin, you mess with our country, th… 
 : maryland congressional delegation asks white house to nominate wendi winters, capital gazette shooting victim, for medal of…
during the  shooting, wendi winters sacrificed her own life, allowing her coworkers to escape. i +… 
#maryland crab company, lindy’s seafood, brought their food truck to #capitolhill yesterday. it's empty because lin… 
about to speak in support of intelligence funding bill + language i added to improve parental leave for intel worke… 
me with some of my dc interns rocking our #goldenrule wristbands in honor of #nationaldayofcivility! you may not he… 
sharing a donut with my gop friend  in honor of #nationaldayofcivility. today, we celebrate the… 
 : staff of the  watch as congress observes a moment of silence on the house floor in honor  of their friends and…
this photo was taken  hours into the mark-up of the funding bill for  . with  amendments to go, de… 
house appropriations committee just adopted my amendment to ensure that  upholds its responsibility to care… 
   proud to have the support of so many colleagues on this imp amendment!… 
 : just in: the house appropriations committee adopted 's amendment to ensure that  upholds its statutor…
joined my #teammaryland colleagues in leading our fellow lawmakers in a moment of silence for the  victi… 
 : the men and women lost in this horrific attack were our friends, neighbors and family. we honor the lives of rebecca s…
 : i served with many great soldiers who were immigrants. these patriotic men and women are willing to serve, sacrifice a…
“working w/ fellow   to mark-up bill funding programs w/i . i’m sponsoring amendment to make sur… 
 : just in: the house appropriations committee has adopted  amendment ordering  to submit a plan to prompt…
#senate must review very decision, dissent  + legal writing in #kavanaughscotus extensive background before he is c… 
 : i sent a letter to  and  demanding answers on the whereabouts, health &amp; safety of separated immigra…
 : our say: wendi winters died protecting her friends, her newsroom and freedom of the press. she should be nominated for the…
amazed at how close the race for baltimore county executive democratic nominee has turned out. this is why our civi… 
  , that's "my girl," kay, going strong since high school! hope you had a happy fourth!
proud to be part of this bipartisan effort to help save the #chesapeake + watershed, !  
 : on wednesday night, the newspaper staff chose to march in the parade as a show of solidarity with a community. https://t.co…
 thanks for sending,  ! having a great time at #capitolth
happy birthday, america! we are still the greatest country in the world,  years later. today, i am remembering t… 
proud to rally with many of my #md constituents +   against  cruel imm… 
team maryland is urging  to approve disaster aid for ellicott city + across the region following th… 
 : live from #baltimore #famiiesbelongtogether  
 : we're gathered here in #baltimore to say that #familiesbelongtogether... and we need to reunite children with their pare…
#teamdutch got a visit today from  + their kids to discuss #familyseparation at the border. so impresse… 
earlier this week, i met with  to talk about strengthening #medicaid and ensuring all children with specialize… 
 : 
 : wendi winters rebecca smith gerald fischman rob hiaasen john mcnamara  say their names. remember who they were and dif…
 chase, thinking about you and your colleagues. relieved to hear you are ok. praying for the entire  family.
sickened over the shooting    they are a dedicated group of journalists who perform an invaluable commun… 
 : #update  confirming active shooter at  bestgate road in annapolis. building evacuated. officers continuing to search buildin…
monitoring shooting  and praying all are ok.
the house just passed a bipartisan  funding bill that gives our troops a pay raise and includes my am… 
#teamdutch met with #md teen advocates w/  who shared personal + passionate stories about loved one… 
disappointed  upheld #travelban targeting  #muslims.   claims he’s doing this to protect our… 
 : raised in a union family, i know how unions grow the middle class. today’s #janus decision is a blow to the ability of…
 : breaking: #scotus rules on #janus, turns its back on american workers—educators, nurses, firefighters, police officers, and p…
three years ago today,  said the fundamental right to marriage is a fundamental right for all. "they ask for… 
 : just in:  has cancelled this markup to prevent democrats from offering amendments that would protect migrant chil…
last week, i met two asylum-seekers + fathers who were separated from their children and have not seen them in mont… 
to achieve true comprehensive reform that both strengthens border security and creates a sensible legal… 
 : congressmen visit migrant fathers separated from their children at maryland jail.      #fa…
 : well said  
had a great convo w/   at #chnsf #natsecforum. later this afternoon: …  attention gop: % of americans would rather reverse the gop tax law than cut medicare, medicaid, and social securi… 
. continues to be recognized as a leader in innovation, advanced manufacturing, and d-printing - just… 
 : developing the tech belt was a combined effort in the region to come together and put ourselves on the map - we are becom…
democrats need to stay focused. this is what president trump and republicans are actually doing right now: actively… 
congress must do more to close the #digitaldivide and ensure that every child has access to high-speed, reliable in… 
president trump and his party are continuing to weaken our health care system and the protections it provides to pe… 
congress will hold you to that, mr. secretary. 
we lost a good one this weekend. and we must all step up our game to fill the major void he is leaving in our commu… 
he taught me, and many others, so much about our societies responsibility to take care of the men and women who ser… 
this weekend, our community lost a tireless advocate for veterans, and i lost a dear friend. i've known sam lanza f… 
 : the official list of the victims killed at the synagogue shooting: joyce fienberg,  richard gottfried,  rose mallinger,  jer…
enough is enough. we must eradicate this hatred wherever it lies. it is my hope that the events of the past day and… 
it is disgusting that this kind of violence can happen anywhere in the world, let alone in a country that claims to… 
my heart goes out to yet another community ripped apart by gun violence and anti-semitic hatred. our brothers and s… 
this deadly racist attack earlier in the week. today’s horrible anti-semitic attack in pittsburgh. there’s too much… 
 : any public person who uses speech that dehumanizes people ("animals"), condones their assault ("any guy that can do a bo…
i’m sick to my stomach over this. my heart goes out to yet another community ripped apart by gun violence and hate.… 
huge news for the valley! 
violence aimed at stifling political opposition or a free press must always be called out, and must never become an… 
elected officials at every level of government have a duty to understand the power of their words. when our languag… 
i am relieved that an arrest has been made in the case of the recent attempted bombings. i want to commend the … 
our lack of action on climate change undermines our democracy, national security, and the health of our planet. 
when the president and republicans say they will protect pre-existing conditions, they are flat-out lying. 
congratulations, ! this is well-deserved. beyond the basketball court, you're changing the lives of count… 
it does. and now republicans want to strip medicare, medicaid, and social security from millions of americans. we w… 
the president yesterday: "we have to unify. we have to come together and send one very clear, strong, unmistakable… 
i am appalled by today’s attempted acts of violence, clearly meant to create terror. i’m continuing to monitor the… 
president warren has served with distinction throughout her tenure. i join with kent state and the entire kent comm… 
congress should be working to strengthen and expand social security, medicare, and medicaid...not gut them.   
wonderful to hear about a local vietnam veteran getting the recognition he deserves. he has nine military honors! t… 
this is about holding saudi arabia accountable. anything less would be unacceptable. 
trump’s attacks on the trans community are an absolute disgrace. now more than ever, we must fight to ensure that e… 
i’m proud to have brought back over $ million to start this incubator. it now has  companies - one recently move… 
i am proud to have brought over $ million dollars back from dc to spur this transformation at the old ravenna ars… 
brady loving up bear! 🐶 
if the president really cared about pre-existing condition protections, he would rescind his support of the republi… 
 million americans owe a total of $. trillion in student debt. this prevents them from investing in their commu… 
this has always been the republican plan: pass their #taxscam for the wealthy, drive up the deficit and then say we… 
the  shared resources lab in warren is officially open! it's public-private partnerships like these that wil… 
this is the republican party. no matter what they say about " defending pre-existing condition protections," it’s j… 
congressional republicans tried multiple times, in both chambers, to pass legislation that eliminated protections f… 
this is a lie. 
everyone warned the republicans that their #taxscam would blow up the deficit. they didn't care - they passed it an… 
the ’s push to gut #netneutrality benefited big isps, and no one else. without strong protections, internet use… 
the united states should be demanding answers and accountability on the murder of jamal khashoggi. instead, this ad… 
a huge win for students! our education system should work #forthepeople, not for-profit colleges. 
republicans are targeting social security, medicare, and medicaid after they ballooned the deficit with their… 
republicans say they want to protect people with pre-existing conditions, but are actively engaged in lawsuits and… 
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no ohioan, and no… 
it's clear that this administration is willing to turn a blind eye, but congress cannot do the same. we must get to… 
this administration's unwillingness to recognize and act on the very real impacts of climate change is dangerous an… 
proud to join  and  on introducing this important bill. the legislation will provide employe… 
excited to announce the comeback capital fund! spurred by the comeback cities tour held earlier this year, this fun… 
when republicans said their tax cuts would pay for themselves, they lied. the deficit has skyrocketed as a result o… 
as of this afternoon, the deadline for further legal action to block the tjx homegoods project has passed. after ma… 
the administration is planning on doubling down on separating families. it was bad when they first did it, and it's… 
truly disappointing, but not surprising. this morning, the president chose to side with a foreign leader and ignore… 
great to be at uaw retirees lunch today with john boccierri and so many long-time friends. i will always have your… 
ed muransky, a michigan grad and major leader in so many positive things happening in our community, gave a pregame… 
i’ve got your back! 
whether a student has a job interview, class presentation, an internship opportunity,  is increasin… 
we should be leaving a healthier world for our children. the actions by this administration and the epa are doing t… 
this is heart-wrenching. the trump administration continues to make this worse every day. families belong together.… 
access to healthy food is critical to the physical health of a community’s residents and its economy. this grant fo… 
we know this president is not the biggest fan of facts, but blatant lies and contradictions when it comes to health… 
living your truth takes courage, and it's not always easy. on #nationalcomingoutday, we celebrate those in the lgbt… 
we might be able to better navigate this situation if we had an ambassador to saudi arabia or turkey. reminder: it’… 
instead of upholding america’s values by cracking down on saudi arabia, the president instead wants to give them mo… 
happy international #dayofthegirl! today we are reminded of all the girls who build, support, and empower our socie… 
the fight for #netneutrality is important to all americans, and congress should work together to protect a free and… 
social security benefits to increase by .% in  - this is great news.  million people rely on this crucial p… 
the great lakes are a vital resource and strategic advantage for our region, bringing jobs and clean water to all o… 
 in  americans are affected by mental health conditions every year. #worldmentalhealthday is a reminder that your… 
updating the water control plan is critical to evaluating reservoir water levels – specifically at berlin lake – in… 
the administration's junk health insurance plans are exactly that - junk. they don't do anything to strengthen amer… 
if the president condones an assassination by looking the other way, it will put the lives of more journalists and… 
president trump must express more than just "concern” about jamal khashoggi. those responsible for his death (or ab… 
proud to help bring these investments back to the valley! 
everyone should be alarmed about this. congress needs to step up in the fight to reverse climate change. the future… 
brett kavanaugh lacks the temperament and character to be a member of the united states supreme court. today’s vote… 
happy #manufacturingday! as the co-chair of the house manufacturing caucus, i remain committed to ensuring that our… 
happy to join jasen sokol today to discuss the ongoing effort to overhaul #nafta, my reasons for opposing brett kav… 
 : by omitting women’s #reprorights from their human rights reports, trump’s  is sending a clear message that the…
congressional republicans should be embarrassed by every chapter of this confirmation process.
this is a great public service. always important to regularly check to make sure your smoke detectors are in workin… 
rudy's family was present to receive the award, which was  issued for wounds received as a result of hostile action… 
i was humbled to be able to attend a purple heart award ceremony this afternoon to honor rudy c. plaskur,  private… 
climate. change. is. real. every day this administration continues to ignore this issue further jeopardizes the fut… 
we shouldn't have to wait to reach a record number to do something. congress can prevent another child from dying i… 
the president is misleading the american people. his administration continues to undermine the affordable care act,… 
these short-term health care plans are a sham. insurers can refuse coverage to people with pre-existing conditions… 
my thoughts and prayers go out to this courageous warrior. 
please stay safe, everyone. 
"moving children to the tent city without providing enough time to prepare them emotionally... could compound traum… 
this is intentionally mean-spirited and beneath a tolerant country. 
“in real terms, the weekly earnings of a typical working american fell $., or . percent, during donald trump'… 
i am pleased that the text of this renegotiated nafta makes great strides towards prioritizing workers. this agreem… 
"a rise of  degrees fahrenheit would be catastrophic: coral reefs would dissolve in acidic oceans, parts of manhat… 
i’m really worried about this. the tax cuts were unfairly distributed to the top, preventing us from making critica… 
people are noticing the future of advanced manufacturing is right here in our community. 
let me get this straight: republicans want increase the deficit even more and slash social security and medicare to… 
had a great conversation with  yesterday about the possibilities at northside hospital. he has committed… 
no one should have to relive one of the worst days of their lives in front of the entire country. i want to thank d… 
i was deeply moved by dr. christine ford’s testimony today. i believe her. brett kavanaugh does not deserve to be o… 
dr. christine blasey ford displayed tremendous courage and bravery today. everyone should listen to her. 
there is a crisis brewing in the us. . million hard-working americans workers face the challenge of losing their… 
#icymi: last week, i introduced the clean up our neighborhoods act. a nation as wealthy as the united states cannot… 
at air force caucus breakfast this morning, i hand-delivered a letter to  wilson and … 
this memo makes it clear: secretary kirstjen nielsen lied to congress and the american people and intentionally rip… 
your voice is important. get registered. go vote.   if you're already registered, make sure your friends and family… 
over a million people rely on the  to get to where they need to go every day. these are the kinds of… 
this deserves more attention. for the second time this year, the administration has lost track of , migrant chi… 
as student debt continues to skyrocket, many americans are unable to save, invest in the community, buy a house, or… 
we're already seeing the negative effects of stotus’s misguided janus decision. it's more important now than ever t… 
this is outrageous. this administration’s treatment toward immigrants is appalling. 
gop leaders need to wake up - we must protect mueller’s investigation. we are a country of laws, and no one is abov… 
it was great seeing our community come together this morning to support individuals with down syndrome and their fa… 
maybe this means good luck for the howland tigers tonight! 
today, we honored the service and sacrifice of  veterans from warren who lost their lives in the vietnam war. we… 
there isn’t a community in the us that hasn’t been touched by the opioid crisis. this funding is badly needed by co… 
this is great news! our workers deserve fair labor practices, higher wages, and better health care. this is why uni… 
thank you bazetta fire department for always keeping our community safe. this grant is well-deserved. i’ve always g… 
and here’s another one for our strong defense.  💪
i woke up this morning and wasn't sure if it was a dream or if it really happened. the drought is over. our qb is a… 
this is incredible! baker mayfield was amazing! go #browns! 
we should be building a cleaner, healthier world for our children. the administration's actions are doing the compl… 
 that’s great that he wants to intern. i offer internships at my office and he would be welcome to apply.… 
had a great time at the  job fair in youngstown today! 
there's less than a month left to register and submit your app for the  congressional app challenge! don't miss… 
had an amazing time participating in the launch of ’s ebay program in akron this morning!   also great to… 
. never ceases to impress me. his commitment to mental health wellness is changing and saving lives. cong… 
the internet is invaluable to small businesses. without #netneutrality, they will be forced to pay-to-play online.… 
this is exciting news. not only was akron the first in the country for ’s retail revival program, but it’s als… 
diabetes. acne. pregnancy. ms. fractures. obesity. sleep apnea. and so much more count as pre-existing conditions.… 
congratulations, matthew! on top of a perfect act score, he has a gpa of ., he's the soccer team captain, inter… 
the gop #taxscam added trillions in national debt and sent the deficit skyrocketing. now republicans want families… 
appreciate 's coverage of my new legislation to tackle blight in our communities -- the clean up our neighborh… 
the senate took a huge step at increasing drug price transparency by allowing pharmacists to inform consumers when… 
wishing all those observing #yomkippur an easy and meaningful fast. g'mar chatimah tovah. 
proud to make crs reports public. thank you  for your leadership on this issue and commitment to gov… 
bringing tjx to lordstown was a huge victory. it will create  jobs in our community. lordstown residents, local… 
i'm proud to introduce the clean up our neighborhoods act. vacant homes carry huge economic and social costs – they… 
christine blasey ford is extremely brave for sharing her story. kavanaugh's actions were despicable and disqualifyi… 
it’s imperative that our public policies start to recognize the delicate balance needed to sustain our planet. this… 
please don't tell my wife i bought brady cotton candy at halftime of the football game. 
the new #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all social security beneficiaries. i am proud to join over … 
 : history is made! today is the first time the full congress has appropriated funds specifically to pay congressional inte…
tl;dr — we’re very happy about the news! 
this new facility will be a huge victory for lordstown and our entire community. so many people in this community h… 
i applaud judge kontos for ruling to allow the tjx project to proceed. after many months of meetings, debates, camp… 
i was happy to vote in support of this legislation on the floor, which undoubtedly will benefit my constituents in… 
one of my favorite things to do in the world is take brady to school when i can. every parent knows those amazing a… 
proud to have secured funding for facility improvements at yars and camp ravenna, helping veterans dealing with opi… 
 : .: i am proud of the bipartisan work that was done to complete the legislative branch appropriations bill. this…
this is unacceptable. our teachers deserve better. our kids deserve better. our collective future is diminished as… 
(/) fidaa was amer’s partner in every sense of the word. our community is continuing to be torn apart because of… 
(/) i completely understand fidaa's desire to be reunited with her husband. i am sick that our community is losin… 
the president's tweets were disrespectful and disgusting. since the administration will not act, congress needs to… 
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; people with disabilities. i’m proud to join the… 
it's unacceptable that governor henry mcmaster will not evacuate the prison in jasper county for #hurricaneflorence… 
and republicans want to continue driving up the national deficit by passing another #goptaxscam bill. when will the… 
thank you for everything you do for our community! this grant is well-deserved. 
i welcome this federal assistance for workers laid-off by gm lordstown. i will continue to fight in congress to mak… 
great ride along last night with officer webber. thank you chief merkel and all the hard working officers at warren… 
great to join  horrigan, , and local leaders in the groundbreaking ceremony for phase… 
voting is a cornerstone of our democracy. i'm proud to join  on this resolution in making september natio… 
it was honor to join the vienna fire department this evening in remembering the lives lost and the sacrifice of our… 
there’s no reason for this other than blind allegiance to special interests, regardless of negative health outcomes… 
the first #gopstaxscam increased the national deficit and did little to help hard-working americans. now republican… 
today we remember and mourn those who we lost on #septemberth, and pray for those who suffer to this day. we rema… 
two million americans would go without food if the house and senate don't protect snap. no person should go hungry.… 
this is what courage looks like. -year-old jackson corbin spoke in front of the senate judiciary committee urging… 
today is #worldsuicidepreventionday if you or someone you know is thinking about suicide, call ---talk (… 
 : remarks by vp dicorleto, with  and  at  today re: $.m in #research funding from ,…
 : . welcomes guests and  researchers for a grant presentation from . …
when we invest in our academic institutions, we are investing in our students, community, and economy. congratulati… 
brady has a -year plan 
l’shanah tovah! to everyone celebrating #roshhashanah, i wish you a happy, healthy, and sweet new year! 
got a mixed family. but it's my account...here we go brownies!!!!  #browns 
had a great time yesterday at the united way #dayofcaring in mahoning co.  citizens helping others. proud of hb… 
 : republicans did everything they could to obstruct garland and now they want to push through kavanaugh, even as only  percent…
 : the house welcomed its newest member, rep. troy balderson, to washington this week. this one election cost $ million…
proud to join  and my colleagues on this important issue. our hard-working civil servants deserve this pa… 
attention gop - a new poll finds that % of americans want to keep protections for pre-existing conditions. your l… 
they have been tireless in their efforts over this past decade and i am fully confident that their steadfast work w… 
while i understand the circumstances, i am disappointed that this trial has been delayed and that justice must cont… 
we've yet to see a plan from this administration about reuniting the over  children still separated from their p… 
i'm glad to see the  is looking into relocating two of its offices to a part of the country more rural than wa… 
the us federal government has an extraordinary capacity to help jump-start economic growth in areas that need it by… 
thank you for your support and leadership on this issue, . you're absolutely right, "no one who is qual… 
. has been at the forefront of academic research and education. it's important we continue to invest in r… 
kavanaugh: “i am not sure that all legal scholars refer to roe as settled law"    this makes it clear: brett kavana… 
my heart goes out to the victims, their families, and the cincinnati community. america cannot keep accepting these… 
i'm monitoring the situation closely in downtown cincinnati. thank you to our first responders for their bravery. m… 
while some choose to ignore this issue, the science is very clear. climate change is real. we need to take steps to… 
 : ohio rep. tim ryan secured a provision in conference committee, on a larger spending bill, that would provide $. million for pay…
 when stories that matter are shared, progress happens. thank you for your work highlighting this important issue!
 : thank you,  for your work to address the issue of intern pay and make the people’s house a little more fair…
this lawsuit is misguided and seeks to rip health care away from millions. the gop should be ashamed of themselves.… 
today, we are fixing this issue. by securing $. million for our house interns, we are helping students like mayra…   : the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
the #goptaxscam is another ploy from republicans to come after your #medicare and #socialsecurity.   republicans ha… 
have you completed your cal grant and fafsa applications for student aid? make sure to have a step ahead! click bel… 
 : . received a % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! #aauw members and su…
 : a fellow #firstgen college student,  says, “one of the most exciting things about college is being pushed out…
the armenian community plays an important role in our country. i'm proud to be a strong advocate for america’s arme… 
the transgender community needs our support now more than ever. we will not fear donald trump's threats against the… 
on thursday, november st, my district staff will host community office hours in #montebello from  a.m. to noon.… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
#dodgers are #worldseriesbound!!! #ladetermined 
i had a great time talking with  students about the importance of being engaged in our community an… 
it’s great to be out and about in our community this month. check out my most recent newsletter to learn what i've… 
family-owned small businesses are the backbone of america. i was proud to present the kazarian brothers with a cert… 
proud to be a strong ally of the lgbtq community and to never stop fighting for equality. i’m honored to receive a… 
i visited the  corrugated packaging facility in #cerritos. the facility specializes in paper &amp; packaging p… 
#taxcuts don't pay for themselves. the #goptaxscam is causing the largest deficit in six years. republicans are usi… 
today i had a blast visiting the los angeles county fire museum in #bellflower! they have a collection of historic… 
 : al concluir este mes de la herencia hispana, reafirmamos nuestros esfuerzos para expandir oportunidades y construir un fut…
today marks national latinx aids awareness day. this day is an opportunity to highlight the importance of hiv testi… 
 : one minute in, and  has already brought us to tears! we can’t think of a better ally and #proequality champion in…
today is about empowering young girls to pursue their dreams. from being astrophysicists to musicians, there’s noth… 
happy #nationalcomingoutday⁠! today we celebrate the lgbtq community and support who they are. as an ally of the lg… 
 : ¡feliz mes de la herencia hispana! los #latinos tienen una influencia profunda y positiva sobre nuestra cultura y economía…
great news: the #socialsecurity cost-of-living adjustment is .% for . colas help ensure that the benefits you… 
the world's top scientists just published a report with a grim outlook on #climatechange’s impact on our planet. we… 
never before have i felt so strongly that a nominee to #scotus is unfit to serve. but with today's vote by senate r… 
the energy efficiency industry provides , jobs in #ca and . million across the united states. #ee helps fa… 
 : los latinos fortalecen la economía de los ee.uu. en los últimos cinco años, los trabajadores latinos han generado el % d…
 : history is repeating itself before our eyes. women like christine blasey ford—just like anita hill back in —are being…
judging means making deliberate, thoughtful decisions without the influence of outside forces.   the case completio… 
 : . have a robust legislative plan #forthepeople that invests in our infrastructure, shores up our health…
. have a robust legislative plan #forthepeople that invests in our infrastructure, shores up our hea… 
 : our executive director  presents  with  congressional leadership award for her ch…
republicans came back for round two of their #goptaxscam.   these #taxcuts . will blow up our deficit by at least… 
 : .: "the question of a nominee's character should never be in doubt. the fact that multiple accusations have be…
tune in for ’ weekly press conference. 👇 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : tune in for my press conference on #nationalvoterregistrationday, with !  watch here:  https…
nuestras elecciones son importantes y tu participación en nuestro gobierno es fundamental.  es tu voto, tu voz y tu… 
elections matter and your participation in our government is crucial.   it's your vote, your voice, and your govern… 
 : this week, i delivered the democratic address regarding puerto rico, the one-year anniversary of maria, the virgin isla…
 : big companies have spent their #goptaxscam windfalls on huge ceo bonuses and record-breaking stock buybacks to enrich…
a year ago today, #hurricanemaria made landfall in #puertorico, taking with its wrath nearly , american lives.… 
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
i'm proud to stand with , , and  members of congress condemning 's call… 
 : i am honored to work with  and  to bring this important bill to the house. …
 : our hearing is now underway as  tries to jam through #taxscam to rob the middle class and enrich the top %. ht…
 : thank you  for offering an amendment in the house ways &amp; means committee to make the medical expense tax deduct…
in today's  markup, i call out republicans to step up &amp; actually do something to help hard working am… 
 : .: working families didn't get the benefits the gop promised from the #goptaxscam! they won't benefit fro…
 : : "i guess the giveaway to the ultra wealthy wasn't enough last time." #taxscam 
after a lifetime of hard work, older americans should be able to retire w/ dignity &amp; financial security.… 
 : less than a year after their #goptaxscam, republicans are already trying to give more massive tax cuts to the richest a…
 : republicans’ “tax .” is a continuation of their #taxscam. it increases our national debt by at least another $ billion,…
 : the first #goptaxscam caused millions of americans to lose their health insurance and contributed to rising health care…
 : for the second time in a year, republicans are giving huge tax cuts to the super-rich. and just like the first #goptaxsc…
 : republicans’ “tax .” is a continuation of their #taxscam. it increases our national debt by at least another $ billio…
 : gop polices increased deficit by $b. if we paid $/second, it would take , yrs to pay it back. now they're pushi…
 : republicans promised that their first #taxscam would result in workers receiving $, raises. those pay increases didn’…
 : republicans want to give huge tax cuts to the very wealthiest americans for the second time in a year. just like the fir…
 : the first #goptaxscam caused millions of americans to lose their health insurance and contributed to rising health care…
 : republicans’ tax . is more of the same failed policy from the st  #goptaxplan  -doubling down on double-taxation of s…
 : desde que el presidente trump firmó su primera ley fiscal, los salarios no han aumentado, el costo de los cuidados médicos…
the #taxcut . is more of the same as the first #goptaxscam.  republicans are giving their wall street friends eve… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
 : my cousin john moran was a  battalion chief. he was off duty on /, but refused to leave his brothers behind.   i…
today we pause, reflect, and mourn the lives lost from the / attacks.   on that dark day, the very best of our c… 
it's crucial that we battle the suicide epidemic head on. i'm proud to co-sponsor the improving access to mental he… 
to all of those celebrating #roshhashanah, i wish them a very happy and peaceful new year. 
 :  if you believe in protecting coverage for patients w/ pre-existing medical conditions—right now, gop is arguing in…
i was honored to participate this week in the  care package assembly to support america’s military spouses… 
proud to stand with  &amp;   to support federal workers. if the #goptaxscam can give $.t+… 
 : .: "as members of the cbc, we cannot overstate #whatsatstake for african americans and communities of color...…
casi , estadounidenses en #puertorico murieron a manos del #huracánmaría. sin embargo, la administración de tru… 
nearly , americans in #puertorico died from #hurricanemaria. yet the trump white house shrugs its shoulders whe… 
 : just in:  million americans could lose food stamp benefits if the republican farm bill becomes law. that is cruel. #hands…
 : el presidente trump esta ignorando descaradamente una orden judicial para continuar deteniendo a niños inmigrantes. esto t…
happening now: ’ weekly press conference. 👇 
los salarios no reflejan el alto costo de la vida diaria y las familias trabajadoras no pueden llegar a fin de mes.… 
wages haven't kept up with the cost of living and working families are struggling to make ends meet.… 
american workers have built this country brick by brick. today we celebrate and honor their hard work.  happy… 
 : proud to lead this letter w/  and   to farm bill conferees on the importance of snap—our…
 : months after passage of the #goptaxscam, working americans’ wages remain largely stagnant.  it’s a far cry from the tr…
 : families are still struggling to afford day-to-day life. democrats want to build an economy that works for all americans…
my thoughts and prayers are with sen. john mccain’s family and loved ones. from the  to the  john m… 
instead of arming teachers, we should be equipping them with better books and supplies. let's keep our children saf… 
 : the trump #dirtypowerscam will not lower electric bills, create jobs or revive the coal industry, but will instead stifle…
 years ago, the obama administration gave #dreamers the legal protection to stay in the united states. #daca not o… 
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
americans have earned #socialsecurity through a lifetime of hard work. it provides them with the opportunity to a d… 
last week i visited the / distribution center in #lamirada. i met with their crew and learned abou… 
 : thank you  for bringing  to your constituents. it is our pleasure to bring information about a…
 :    so proud to support  th annual senior fair  …
 : it’s friday and we’re at  for  senior health &amp; resource fair. come get your health screeni…
 : today:  is conducting a free tax problem solving day event with  at the congresswoman li…
reminder: my th annual senior fair is taking place tomorrrow at the  gymnasium from  am - noon.… 
working families deserve #abetterdeal — a government that works for them, not the other way around. … 
 : join  in norwalk, ca at the free #tax problem solving day event during  senior fair on a…
 : mayor jennifer perez welcomes  to norwalk for the #stateifthenation address. 
#dreamers — even if your #daca application was denied specifically due to not meeting the october ,  deadline,… 
today i toured the water replenishment district’s albert robles center for water recycling after helping to secure… 
 : otd in , lbj signed the #votingrightsact into law. congress needs to #restorethevra to secure the right of all americans t…
 : “too many issues like women’s health, domestic violence, equal pay and paid family leave were once on the fringe. with wom…
this move by the trump administration is yet another example of republican efforts to undermine the fight against… 
. is conducting hearings today and tomorrow to inform the public on the westbound sr- improvement… 
 years ago today, #medicare and #medicaid were created — providing millions of americans with access to quality h… 
sending best wishes to my good friend . he is heart and conscience of . get well soon! 
 : record heatwaves and droughts are fueling destructive fires—and not just in california. climate change is clearly a facto…
 : july  will mark  yrs since #medicare was established as one of our nation's most life-saving programs. i delivered…
a little rain didn't stop me &amp;  members rallying against donald trump's anti-worker executive orders.… 
 : today, the seniors task force joined  &amp;  to discuss  plan to lower healthcare co…
watch live ’ weekly press conference. 👇 
 : so special to have california lieutenant governor (&amp; former sf mayor) gavin newsom join us for today’s california democrat…
. have a bold agenda to help working families get ahead. the #peoplesbudget is about investing in ou… 
thousands of children in foster care are in need of a loving home. the #aderholtamendmet slaps a… 
 : make way! mother-daughter duo coming through the capitol. #workingmom 
jonathan gold helped open the #losangeles food scene to the world. he went where the food took him - off the beaten… 
it’s crucial that we have an accurate #census. donald trump’s citizenship question aims to surpress participati… 
 : after a speech where rep. steny hoyer () called for rising “above pandering to party and putin to act on behalf of…
 : well, there you have it. republicans just showed us where they stand by voting to zero out my #eac funding amendment th…
 : breaking:  and i just made a motion in house intel committee to subpoena the american interpreter during the…
today i stood with  &amp; other extraordinary  that are fighting to empower women &amp; protect t… 
donald trump abdicated america's role as the leader of the free world. it was disgraceful to watch him be so weak i… 
🚨#dreamers — if you’re eligible, don’t forget to #renewdaca. 👇👇 
🚨 attention, #dreamers — you can still apply to renew your #daca. if you’re eligible, make sure to apply. don’t lea… 
i’m tired of republicans portraying immigrants seeking asylum in this country as criminals. they have a legal right… 
donald trump's absurd approach of enforcing his zero-tolerance policy bears no benefit to americans or immigrant fa… 
 : as an electrician who worked for years on the tops of bridges &amp; refineries, i know first-hand the dangers facing #journ…
 : it's lineman appreciation day. have you thanked a lineman #thankalineman 
i’m proud to introduce legislation with  and  to designate today as… 
with temperatures over  degrees the heat can be dangerous. if you don’t have air conditioning there are cooling… 
about time. #bootpruitt 
 : ¡feliz día de la independencia! esperamos que disfruten la celebración en compañía de sus familias y amigos. #independance…
wishing  a speedy recovery. i know he’ll be back to work in no time. 
happy #fourthofjuly! 🇺🇸 let's not forget what our founders fought for  years ago — life, liberty &amp; the pursuit o… 
 : i’d rather increase background checks than lower more flags.   #endgunviolence  #enoughisenough 
 : children need to be reunited with their families, and the trump administration must have a plan to do that. that is why i…
as a mother - i know this is an impossible choice for any parent to make. these parents are coming to america seeki… 
thank you,  for visiting my norwalk district office. trump’s zero tolerance policy has no place in amer… 
powerful message from  on the contributions of unions. #unionstrong! 
 : visited the arlington immigration courthouse in crystal city with  &amp; members of  to better unders…
 : one of the proudest days of my life! congratulations cullen - i can’t wait to watch you grow and thrive. …
i am heartbroken by the shooting at #capitalgazette in #annapolis #md. my sympathies go out to the victims and thei… 
los sindicatos ayudaron a construir nuestra clase media.  la decisión #janus de la corte suprema es parte de una ag… 
unions helped build america’s middle class.   #scotus’ #janus decision is part of a nationwide effort by conservati… 
happy #pride! i'm a proud co-sponsor of h.res. , designating today as #lgbtequalityday. three years ago, marriag… 
this is extremely disappointing. our country should be better than this. 
 : being born a woman shouldn’t be a “pre-existing condition.” but if republicans’ attacks on protections for millions of…
 : i was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious while friends of mine gave their lives to ensure that every person has the right…
 : in the  yrs since #scotus gutted the vra, states have made it harder for millions of americans to vote. russia attacked our e…
five years ago, the supreme court gutted essential provisions of the voting rights act. but congress can fix it. th… 
the trump administration needs to detail exactly how they will reunite these separated children with their parents.… 
 : we still haven’t seen this administration’s plan to reunite children separated from their parents. this is a cruel consequ…
 : where is my child? when will i see them again? these are the questions that immigrant mothers and fathers asking right…
house #gop just passed the #farmbill which makes it harder for working families who fall on hard times to get help.… 
 : thank you, , for sharing your story today. it’s the story of so many americans. and it’s why we should rej…
hey, president trump — you've deliberately separated innocent children from their parents. and photos released by y… 
 : at the women’s congressional softball game with my peeps! go ladies! beat the press!!! 
 : la administración del presidente trump separa a los niños de sus padres. los demócratas de la cámara de representantes alz…
tune in: i will be on  on  at pm et/pm pt to discuss why #familiesbelongtogether.
 : we’ve learned some parents are being deported without being reunited with their children. there is a grave risk that thes…
 : when republicans aren't separating families at our border, they're busy separating them in our laws. tomorrow, we're voting…
live: i’ll be speaking at today’s press conference with , children, and immigration advocates to cal… 
 : ranking member 's statement on the #gopbudget that repeals the aca and makes extreme cuts to health car…
i am appalled that the united states is today ripping immigrant families apart. president donald trump started this… 
this is just wrong.  children in a cage... as mother my heart breaks for these children and their parents. this i… 
happy #fathersday⁠ ⁠to all the great dads out there, especially to my husband jim. 👪 
 : stunned speaker ryan said he hasn’t “paid that close attention” to pruitt’s rampant unethical conduct. where's he been?…
 : this week, a man killed four children and severely wounded an orlando police officer after a -hour standoff.   no one w…
wishing dem whip  a very happy birthday!
summer child care comes at a steep price that unfortunately too many working families can't afford. i'm proud to co… 
 : last year, the  voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now, the tru…
 : live:  and  host their weekly press conference ↓ 
today we remember the  lives lost in #pulse two years ago. let's #neverforget their stories and continue to work… 
 : americans with pre-existing conditions shouldn’t face discrimination. period. #protectourcare 
 : raising premiums on millions of americans wasn’t enough for .  last night his admin took steps to gut the #a…
 : the trump administration is trying to make it legal to discriminate against americans with pre-existing conditions. we can'…
 : americans with pre-existing conditions should not face discrimination. period. #protectourcare 
 : depression does not care who you are or how famous or successful you are. it's an insidious disease. if you are at all co…
 : the trump administration's decision to add a citizenship question to the #census will have long-lasting negative c…
 : when a migrant child—escaping extreme #violence—makes it to our borders they should not be torn away from their mother an…
 : if you or someone you know is suicidal or in emotional distress, contact the national suicide prevention lifeline. tra…
 : 🎵 ”my favorite things” by scott pruitt:  ritz-carlton lotion and a trump hotel mattress,  kevlar car seats and chick-fil…
 : happy #worldoceansday! i am proud to co-author blue whales &amp; blue skies act, legislation to acknowledge the important…
 : americans believe that no one should be discriminated against for pre-existing conditions. everyone has a right to health…
 : we owe it to every veteran to ensure they have an affordable place to live. my amendment to the  portion…
 : a five-year-old boy separated from his dad at the border: first nights after, he cried himself to sleep. then it was  “just…
 : children are being separated from their parents at the border because of ’s zero-tolerance policy. this is…
 : social security is not an entitlement. it is the insurance that is paid for and earned with every paycheck. we must figh…
como todos los inmigrantes, mis padres vinieron a los eeeuu buscando una vida mejor. gracias a su arduo trabajo, de… 
 : estados unidos es un país de inmigrantes. ellos han construido nuestras ciudades, fortalecido nuestras comunidades y enriq…
like all immigrants, my parents came to the united states in search of a better life. through hard work, determinat… 
the effects of climate change are undeniable. i’m proud that california has been a leader in reducing plastic pollu… 
icymi: here is my statement on the supreme court's narrow decision on #masterpiececakeshop. despite the disappointi… 
#dreamers: if you're eligible to renew your #daca, make sure to apply.  is still accepting applications.… 
today i #wearorange because enough is enough. american families should not live in fear of losing a loved one from… 
 : el presidente del caucus demócrata  y los líderes demócratas    …
 : president trump’s radical immigration policies are antithetical to our american values. thank you, , …
history will judge this irresponsible administration. separating families is unbecoming of a nation that has histor… 
i’m #stillin the fight against climate change because it’s the reality of both the present and the future. let’s be…  enjoyed a recent community meeting about the new atlanta job corps center under construction in south fulton. resid… 
 : congratulations  on your % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! thank you…
i was thrilled to join south fulton mayors, councilmembers and legislators for an engaging discussion on transporta… 
great meeting today with #ga constituents, production line techs &amp; administrators at the ds services of america b… 
on this #nationalfarmersday, my thoughts and prayers are with the georgia farmers working to salvage crops decimate… 
each year i'm honored to recognize the best &amp; brightest th district students with nominations to attend our natio… 
#dyk: this september’s the first ever #pcosawarenessmonth recognized by congress? today i joined  for… 
today’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! you have  weeks left to make sure you’re registered to vote for the novembe… 
#dyk: agriculture is a $ billion industry, and only .% of farmers are african americans? today i hosted an inf… 
based on the latest forecast for #hurricaneflorence, an emergency declaration has been issued for all  counties… 
 : a state of emergency has been declared for all  counties in ga. in advance of hurricane florence impacts. finalize your…
today i’m participating in the first #farmbill conference committee meeting &amp; calling on this committee to follow… 
#icymi: thanks  for highlighting our recent th annual health fair on your people  people program.… 
 : a big thank you to  and his staff for discussing #disabilitypolicy with the arc georgia and the arc of clayton…
i enjoyed my recent visit with students at pebblebrook high school in cobb county and the opportunity to talk with… 
 : had a great time meeting with  and state farm agent erica allard. thanks for your time congressman! https:/…
 : motivationmonday: last week, dozens of startups met with lawmakers to celebrate #startupweek. here are entrepreneurs in #ga…
tonight our nation mourns the passing of senator john mccain, a true american hero and patriot. thank god for sendi… 
 thank you.
last night i enjoyed providing an update on what’s happening in washington as part of the  douglas county feder… 
 i appreciate you sharing your wife’s story and information about #hr to raise awareness for lung c… 
 : congrats to  on a great health fair and thanks to community outreach in action for distributing healthy fresh food…
 : this weekend,  was proud to participate in u.s. congressman 's th annual health fair to ed…
 : jennifer ayers-moore of nami georgia speaking with  at his health fair today. 
 : . was delighted to participate in  annual health fair today. our volunteers had a great time and…
 : thanks  for another great health fair. we did over  eye screens!    …
 : we are at  health fair this morning educating about suicide prevention! #bethevoice #stopsuicide …
 : congressman david scott's th  annual healthfair today. sbc is so excited to be here!  
 : jennifer ayers-moore, nami georgia family programs coordinator and jim buerstatte, nami dekalb, henry county support group…
 : it's that time again for  health fair #foxatl 
 : preview 's th annual health fair this saturday at mundy’s mill high school:  #atlevent…
 : . with us now on  previewing his th annual health fair this weekend! 💙 
tune in: we’re live now on  talking about our th annual health fair this saturday, /. 
 : join congressman david scott at his th annual health fair. sisters by choice will be on hand to perform clinical breast exam…
 : nami georgia is excited to participate in congressman david scott's th annual health fair this saturday, august  at mu…
 : make plans to join us! 
 : . presenting congratulatory record to be entered into  . years  -an incredible car…
join me saturday, /, at my th annual health fair at mundy's mill hs in jonesboro. we'll have free screenings f… 
#watch: 's  recent show previewing our upcoming th annual health fair happening on saturday, augus… 
 : thank you to everyone who attended our meet and greet today with ! we truly appreciate what a great frien…
what farmers and i want is an open market. our farmers don’t want a government check. the trump administration shou… 
 : #famu grad  leading fight to secure $m for land-grant #hbcus in congress … #hbcu…
#icymi: watch my recent interview on . i enjoyed sharing why i continue hosting my annual #ga heal… 
join me saturday, / for my th annual health fair at mundy’s mill high school. visit  fo… 
tune in today at  noon and watch my interview about my th annual health fair with  host keisha l… 
i'm honored to serve on the  farm bill conference committee. i'll use this opportunity to fight to protect snap… 
as a member of nato pa, i know the value of the transatlantic alliance &amp; that russia is a foe to the u.s. &amp; our dem… 
#watch: my fsc hearing remarks pressing  sec. mnuchin to tell the president how damaging his trade war a… 
enjoyed meeting with #ga constituents visiting capitol hill this week from  #h program and . 

proud to welcome ga-'s  #congressionalartcompetition winner mahagoni bracey, along with her mother and teache… 
 : the #scotus decision in #janusvafscme is yet another attack on working people – the backbone of our country.   we know whe…

this #juneteenth, we recognize the announcement abolishing slavery in the u.s. that came  years ago, after a ½… 
i had a great meeting yesterday with zach hunter, a  student visiting from stockbridge. 
i enjoyed a great visit with -h students from georgia who are participating in the citizenship washington focus pr… 
 : we are happy to welcome  to our global hq campus in midtown for the  annual congressional f…
if you are a veteran or reservist looking for employment, then make plans to attend the georgia congressional expo… 
on this memorial day, we honor the brave men &amp; women who made the ultimate sacrifice in military service to our cou… 
 : behind david scott’s blistering condemnation of a ‘racist’ farm bill 
 : this is unacceptable, so we're not going to accept it. #protectsnap #handsoffsnap #gopfarmbill 
today i took to the house floor to condemn the  farm bill for its separate and unequal treatment of our nation'… 
congratulations to  junior mahagoni bracey, winner of my th annual #congressionalartcompetition.  s… 
proud to support  &amp; help raise awareness of polycystic ovary syndrome. nearly , women in ga hav… 
kicking off our th annual congressional art competition today in douglas county. 
tonight i was proud to join members of georgia's congressional delegation for a special order on the house floor in… 
 : . worked with  and  other leaders in the u.s. house of representatives to introduce #hres…
 : thank you  for visiting our member  in morrow. we had a phenomenal discussion on the importance…
 :  sharing some powerful comments on the need to invest in transportation and our workforce  …
great meeting today with #ga members of the  and georgia home builders associations. we discussed… 
 : great meeting with  #protectsnap #aarp 
behind on your mortgage or owe more than your home is worth? homesafe georgia may be able to help! qualifying homeo… 
 : nobody has the heritage of work in this country as african american men -  responding to proposed work req…
 : . i have served on this committee for  yrs- some of my dearest friends on are on , but this is…
 : % of #snap recipients are in rural areas, they're the ones that are going to be disproportionately hurt by this bill -…
 : georgia rep. david scott: this is absolutely without question the most terrible farm bill that we’ve ever had. this farm bil…
#dyk: in the u.s., black women are - times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than their white coun… 
 : the georgia congressional delegation always helps make academy day a truly unique opportunity. thanks to …
kicking off my th annual #gajobsfair with   small business seminar “entrepreneurship:… 
 : dont miss reg dir ashley bell &amp;  today  #jobsfair ! learn how to chase your entrepreneuria…
 : out of work? or maybe you’re thinking of making a career move? dozens of georgia’s top employers will be looking out fo…
 : employment opportunities up for grabs at  jobs fair friday, thanks to  . you won't believe who's…
on average, women in georgia who work full-time, year-round still earn just  cents for every $ paid to male coun… 
enjoyed being on  with  earlier today. thanks for getting the word out about my #jobsfair t… 
looking for a job? thinking about starting a business? join me and   at my jobs fair this friday… 
thank you   for talking with me today about my jobs fair this friday, /, a-p, . 
 : right now  talks about his th annual jobs fair on  .  
coming up next on  with  &amp; talking about my th annual jobs fair. tune in! 
 : paying our respects today at ebenezer baptist church for the incomparable rita jackson samuels -- a rock of the civil r…
 companies are looking to fill , openings! join me next friday, /, am-pm, at my th annual #jobsfair… 
 : talking #jobs today &amp;co   #jobsfair / in #atl 
tune into   now. coming up next and talking about my th annual #jobsfair. 
do you have an idea or are you seeking opportunities outside of the traditional workplace?   join me next friday, … 
attention #ga high school artists: our  #congressionalartcompetition is now open. submit your original artwor… 
i am live on  now talking about my th annual jobs fair. be sure to tune in! listen here: 
it is with deep sadness to hear of the passing of my dear friend &amp; partner zell miller. his contributions to ga are… 
happy #nationalagday! did you know that  in  georgians works in agriculture, forestry or related fields. in ,… 
i was outraged, but not surprised, to learn about the charges the sec &amp; doj brought against #equifax execs for insi… 
attention th &amp; th graders: applications are now being accepted for the  congressional black caucus spouses… 
yesterday i had an opportunity to visit with the georgia  leadership team and learn more about their inn… 
enjoyed hearing about 's federal priorities and meeting with you,   and… 
on #iwd&amp; throughout #womenshistorymonth, we celebrate the amazing achievements women have made worldwide, honor… 
great meetings this week with  leaders and #ga representatives of the national association for the education… 
this week we've enjoyed a great number of visits from #ga constituents, including members of the vfw, aipac &amp; you… 
today i met with georgia credit union professionals &amp; volunteers in d.c. &amp; discussed the economic impact of credit… 
icymi: watch my exchange today with  chairman jerome powell about the distrubing policies coming out… 
speaking today at  briefing "studying the impact of food insecurity on communities of color." 
 years ago dr. martin luther king jr. stood with striking memphis sanitation workers to demand their freedom to j… 
enjoyed meeting with this great group of future leaders. 
teachers &amp; college professors, apply by / to attend a free  summer professional development program! sites… 
last week the #trumpbudget revealed plans to sharply cut snap, which helps +, children, seniors, people with d… 
congratulations to #douglasville’s own elana meyers taylor on winning the silver medal today in the winter olympics… 
thanks to the clayton county leaders who worked with us to help secure the much-needed $,, for our wonderful… 
 : healthcare leadership council--including #namigeorgia board member monique carter--met today with congressman david scott…
 : future heroes:  and  students given a boost toward military academy enrollment by …
food stamp recipients should be able to buy food from the grocery store just like you and i. what they’re trying to… 
february is #blackhistorymonth. join me in celebrating with a poem by poet laureate langston hughes called “mother… 
deeply saddened by news of the passing of a locust grove police officer involved in a shooting in henry county earl… 
tomorrow the atlanta passport agency will host their february #passportday on saturday, feb. , am -  noon, to… 
i enjoyed hearing the legislative priorities of #ga members of the national treasury employees union during their… 
african americans account for % of all new hiv infections each year but comprise just % of the u.s. population.… 
 : watch! on january th, cbc members – led by  – spoke on the house floor about the #janus case before #scotu…
icymi: watch my exchange about the cfpb's handling of the investigation of the #equifax data breach with u.s. treas… 
great meeting today in washington with school board leaders from clayton, fulton, douglas and dekalb counties. thes… 
congratulations to all of the #ga students who received congressional nominations at our annual military academy… 
if this  report's true, this undermines our work to get to the bottom of this mess &amp; counteracts my efforts… 
 : #douglas congressman honors county residents nominated to attend three of nation's military service academies. https://t.…
 : saturday: congressman #davidscott to honor #henrycounty, #fultoncounty #cobbcounty students who want to serve their coun…
proud to stand up for working families in #ga and across the country and to champion the critical role unions hav… 
#atlanta named on shortlist for #amazonhq. this is great news for the atlanta region! proud to lead bipartisan con… 
remember. celebrate. act. #mlkday 
honored to join my dear friend  this morning as the keynote speaker for the  martin luther king… 
happy birthday #georgia! 
icymi: the  profiles how great clayton county is for families looking for less congestion, improving schools, m… 
merry christmas and happy holidays from our family to yours! wishing everyone joy, peace and prosperity in the new… 
 : since nine #hbcus are celebrating  years of excellence this year, the cbc decided to honor them and other #hbcus across…
the ’s shameless disregard for the middle class is on full display today. celebrating your vote to raise t… 
my statement on the shameful, so-called tax reform bill passed by house republicans today. 
time is running out.  the deadline for enrolling in affordable coverage on  is tomorrow.  th… 
 : usda secretary uses famu visit to promote interest in agricultural careers 
today i proudly spoke on the house floor to honor  vp &amp; gm tim mcvay on his retirement after  years in broa… 
 congratulations!
need health insurance for ? you can find health plans cheaper than your cellphone bill on… 
 : happy founders day from the alpha phi alpha brothers in congress!     …
watch now: my remarks today supporting hr . this bipartisan bill preserves access to manufactured housing, whic… 
 : . million people are living with hiv globally. this #wad, congress should renew our commitment to ensuring everyone…
great meeting today in jonesboro with  operators from #ga. 
#fbf: enjoyed meeting yesterday with   orthopedic students from #ga. 
it's #nationalapprenticeshipweek. and i’m working hard in congress to pass #hr, a bill i introduced to recruit yo… 
my heart is heavy because we are faced with the absolute most dangerous, destructive, &amp; deceitful tax reform bill i… 
 : do you know what signs and symptoms to look for with #pancreaticcancer? being aware could save a life. know the sympto…
watch now: my remarks opposing h.r. , the st century flood reform act, which will drastically raise premiums… 
 : know a veteran transitioning back to civilian life? interested in work-based learning or apprenticeships? check out great…
 : a vet goes decades with no benefits. paperwork lost. guess who found it? #callforaction   #vetera…
this #veteransday we honor veterans who have given so much. our nation is forever indebted for their service to pro… 
 : new: blue dog democrats lining up against gop tax bill  
icymi: non-partisan  estimates gop tax bill will add $.t to deficit &amp; be a windfall for the % #goptaxscam 
#goptaxscam cuts the vital medical expense deduction. this is dangerous &amp; will hurt millions of seniors. via  
the gop tax bill slashes education benefits by $ billion, like those helping grads pay off debt #goptaxscam… 
fact: -in- people who signed up to #getcovered for  received financial help. open enrollment starts today! 
 : community leaders honored at cobb naacp's oscar freeman freedom fund banquet #cobbcounty 
honored to be recognized tonight at the cobb county #naacp freedom fund banquet. 
november st is almost here. find out everything you need to #getcovered during open enrollment:… 
enjoyed meeting with rockdale county commission chairman oz nesbitt today in washington. 
i just voted against the #gopbudget that hikes taxes on hard-working families &amp; cuts medicaid &amp; medicare to give th… 
watch: my remarks questioning how can we fix the #equifaxdatabreach problem when execs skip congressional hearing. 
credit scores play a critical role in people’s fin. futures. credit reporting agencies must be accountable for mist… 
tune in:  have forced a minority day hearing to cast more light on the negative impact of the #equifaxbreach 
reminder: my office is accepting service academy nomination applications through this friday, /.  more info:… 
#fbf great to be with the  yesterday, where i  provided a legislative update &amp; heard from business &amp;… 
my statement on trump recklessly cutting healthcare subsidies for millions of americans.  
#icymi: my remarks urging hud sec. carson to fight to save the cdbg prgm from elimination. compassion alone won't h… 
today is #nationalfarmersday! because of our farmers, ga is # in chicken, peanuts, pecans, blueberries, and pine.… 
honored to receive the #advocateforagriculture award today &amp; proud to be an advocate for georgia's farmers everyday… 
iycmi:  my remarks during today's full fsc hearing on the #equifax data breach, calling for investigations by doj,… 
preparing to get to the bottom of the #equifax breach in full financial services committee hearing now.  #tunein:… 
 : live now: full committee hearing entitled “examining the #equifax data breach”  #tunein: 
interested in attending a u.s. military academy? #ga students are invited to apply for a congressional nomination… 
my heart is heavy this morning with news of the las vegas mass shooting. praying for all of the innocent victims of this senseless tragedy.
proud to lead a bipartisan effort emphasizing all of the atl region's qualifying factors for #amazon's new hq.… 
#icymi remarks opposing hr , which fails to help americans in tx, usvi, &amp; puerto rico obtain help they deserve.… 
 proud to stand with you and fight to raise awareness and find a cure for #pcos.
#otd in , the food &amp; ag. act was enacted, paving the way for today’s snap prgm, which helped ,, georgian… 
#otd  yrs ago, pres. jimmy carter signed the food &amp; ag. act, which created the food stamp program to reduce pover… 
great meeting with #ga constituents in washington today from the national black women's reproductive justice agen… 
  proud sponsor of #hres to recognize the seriousness of #pcos with further research and… 
  the most common cause of female infertility, #pcos affects - million american women &amp; g… 
#tbt: honored to host a briefing yesterday with  to raise awareness for polycystic ovary syndrome.… 
  enjoyed meeting you, too, &amp; supporting your efforts to raise awareness of #pcos in washington yesterday.
  thank you! i'm honored to join  to raise awareness of polycystic ovarian syn… 
it’s time to turn the page from #trumpcare. , let’s work together to improve the affordable care act. #protectourcare
great meeting and speaking with th generation farmer, p.j. haynie of  about the future of farming… 
"farming is not the mule and the plow. it is not the master's whip. it is opportunity." #cbcag #sinaction… 
honored to welcome and introduce the  opportunities for af. ams. in ag &amp; stem panel #cbcagpanel… 
atl passport agency open this sat. /, - for #passportday. renew or apply for the first time. no appt needed!… 
 : what a fantastic #hikethehill group! thankyou  for meeting w/#georgia #creditunions last week, we appreciate you…
i'm deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former ga ag commissioner tommy irvin. sending my thoughts and prayers to the irvin family.
 : residents &amp; businesses affected by #hurricane irma can apply for sba disaster loans:  
   thanks for having me. i enjoyed participating on today's #nmhcfall panel. 
 i have lifted you both up in my prayers. god bless you. food insecurity is a difficult reality for far too many people in our state. i was glad to host a discussion on stu… 
this is the final week of one-stop early voting in north carolina.  remember- you can still register and vote durin… 
ervin hester’s voice will be missed, but his legacy will continue to have a lasting impact on how we view news and… 
i am hearbroken by the tragic shooting in matthews. i am praying for the victim's family and the community. we must… 
i am saddened to learn of the passing of jerry smith, who was the triangle’s oldest living wwii veteran. we will fo… 
 : #breaking: student shot at high school near charlotte. 
elected officials must not give a voice to the most extreme elements of our society by encouraging them to act in v… 
once again, people of faith have been gunned down in their place of worship. anti-semitism and hatred towards minor… 
thank you to everyone who attended service academy day last week. nominating students from #nc to attend a u.s. s… 
 : our high schoolers had a great time and learned so much at the service academy day at durham tech. #mentoringmatters #mento…
congratulations, ! i am proud to have supported the  purchase to increase mobility an… 
 : if your vote didn’t matter, they wouldn’t be trying so hard to keep you from voting.
yesterday, president trump claimed “republicans will totally protect people with pre-existing conditions,”  the pro… 
i salute the heroism of our first responders as they work to counter today’s bomb threats. i pray for the safety of… 
 : fact check: president trump claims gop is protecting people with pre-existing conditions. evidence says otherwise. https://t.c…
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
yes, if your county has multiple early voting sites, you can cast your ballot at any site in your county during ear… 
there are just  days left until election day – do you have a plan to vote?    in this week’s e-newsletter, i am s… 
 : sending a big thanks to our congressman  and his staff for hosting a phenomenal service academy day. our high…
saturday: join my office for our annual #nc service academy day.  rsvp here:  
in : “a simple analysis of what treasury reported shows that virtually the entire deficit increase was bec… 
 : this was the plan all along. 
 : this can’t be retweeted enough. north carolina publicly stated in court that the reason they stopped sunday voting was th…
 : early voting sites are now open! it ends saturday, november rd; monday - friday  am -  pm, and sat. nov. rd  am -…
 : attention students in counties hit by hurricane florence: you can apply free to dozens of nc colleges and universities in…
step : balloon the deficit with trillion-dollar tax cuts for the wealthy   step : complain about a looming fiscal… 
 :  
 : 👇🏾👇🏾👇🏾 
 : this afternoon , ,  &amp; i are receiving a briefing from the experts here at …
i am proud to receive a % in the  congressional voting record for the th congress. i look forw… 
new  report shows the importance of the #aca’s medicaid expansion for low-income americans. it’s past time we… 
remember- residents in  counties in #nc included in the major disaster declaration following hurricane florence (… 
if you missed the deadline for voter registration in north carolina, you can still register and vote during the ear… 
have you read this week's e-newsletter? i'm sharing how you can apply for a nomination from my office for appointme… 
 : if you need food assistance, or are interested in supporting disaster relief efforts through donations of funds, food, or…
voter registration deadline extended in wilson. via  
 : just in: #hurricanemichael downgraded to a category  storm, with winds of  mph. 
nc governor declares state of emergency as cat- hurricane michael batters florida 
 : the tropical storm watch has been upgraded (and expanded) to a tropical storm warning for portions of central #ncwx. the la…
 : hurricane michael update #  edgecombe county officials are closely monitoring the potential impact of hurricane micha…
thoughts and prayers for all those in the path of #hurricanemichael. stay safe. 
#hurricanemichael has been upgraded to a category  storm. north carolina is expected to start to feel impacts late… 
today, october , is the voter registration deadline in / of the states- az, ar, fl, ga, in, ky, la, mi, ms, nm,… 
dr. brenda armstrong was my lifelong family friend who lived her younger life in segregated rocky mount, nc, attend… 
america has lost a giant. dr. brenda armstrong will long be loved and remembered by her family, friends, patients,… 
 : wilson's u.s. rep. , a former superior court judge &amp; n.c. supreme court justice, "extremely disappointed"…
vote.
the confirmation of brett kavanaugh is the disturbing culmination of a gop majority so hell-bent on advancing their… 
reminder: applications for  nomination to a u.s. service academy are due november .   those interested are invite… 
#nc- do you have questions about federal services? my office and i are here to help!  
 : thank you  for providing leadership to ensure all nc citizens participates in our rebuilding and economic…
this moment will go down as a stain on both the senate and the supreme court. 
save the date: join me on oct.  for my annual service academy day at .    this is an opportunity for s… 
 : after you apply for disaster assistance, a housing inspector may contact you to schedule an appointment. housing inspector…
 : october  is the deadline for families in  counties (greene county residents have until october ) affected by #hurrica…
the gop sabotage of health care and people with pre-existing conditions is here. americans deserve health care that… 
october is #breastcancerawarenessmonth. let’s raise awareness, support those living with breast cancer, and remembe… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
 : if brett kavanaugh is confirmed to a lifetime appointment to the supreme court, he'll make life &amp; death decisions that'…
donald trump and the self-made sham 
have you gotten your flu shot? last year was the deadliest flu season in  years, killing k+ americans. you can… 
 : there are several ways to stay in touch with  after you’ve applied for disaster assistance following a recent disaste…
it was an honor to be recognized by  last week for my work to end poverty. we must renew our focus on… 
high school seniors &amp; college students:   - fafsa is now open. fafsa is a great tool that has helped nc stu… 
voting is a right and a responsibility, but it is also, unfortunately, a challenge for many americans. last week, i… 
 we are on it! my office and i are already working on resources and programming to spread the word abo… 
my office and i are ready to help you. if you have questions or concerns about your social security, medicare, vete… 
😂 thank you. welcome to nc! 
🗣 a little louder for the people in the back. 
sallie b. howard was an icon, a luminary, and a community leader. there will never be anyone quite like sallie b. h… 
 : enjoyed meeting with  &amp; his staff yesterday. important discussion about #childhoodcancer, big data, basic sc…
americans throughout the country find themselves in poverty for no reason of their own and they deserve a chance to… 
 : “ending poverty is a moral argument, not an economic one.” - at the  community ball #buildam…
 : joined  &amp;  to hear from  officials on their report on the state of minority #votingrig…
 : thank you , , , , , , …
 years after shelby county v. holder, what is the state of minority voting rights in america?  joins us t… 
happening now: discussion on the state of minority voting rights in america. we are hearing from , followi… 
 : in , the senate disrespected anita hill, questioned her credibility, and discounted her experiences. today,  years…
 : happening now:  veterans are packing boxes today   to be distributed to those affected by #hurricane…
in , the senate disrespected anita hill, questioned her credibility, and discounted her experiences. today, … 
about to speak on the house floor to pay tribute to an icon – mrs. sallie b. howard. the wilson community has lost… 
live  am: i will honor the extraordinary life, work, and legacy of mrs. sallie b. howard on the floor of the hou… 
north carolina has a long storm recovery ahead of us. federal and state resources are in place, but many have asked… 
tomorrow at am, i will speak on the floor of the u.s. house of representatives to honor the life of mrs. sallie b… 
as republicans try to pass their #goptaxscam . before leaving town, it is yet another tax cut that is skewed towa… 
the deficit-exploding #goptaxscam sold out medicare, medicaid and working families to further enrich big corporatio… 
as early as friday, residents in  counties impacted by #hurricaneflorence (including wilson county and pitt count… 
tomorrow, join me, , and others as we hear from  on the state of voting rights in america.… 
 :  we agree and with research done by  prof. sunshine hillygus with help from the  , we hope to i…
 : need a ride to or from a shelter? uber will provide  free rides up to $ each for people in impacted areas in nc through…
i am truly honored. i look forward to joining you. 
 : iconic educator sallie b. howard dies at    #nced
this is a critical year for our democracy. we can't afford to sit this one out.   check in with your friends and fa… 
president obama said it best, “don’t boo, vote!”   if you’re not registered to vote, do it today.… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday! if you haven’t already registered to vote, go do so today- it only takes … 
mrs. howard lived an extraordinary life of service to her community and contributed greatly to the lives of youth i… 
it is with great sadness that i mark the passing of a luminary- mrs. sallie baldwin howard, a longtime educator and… 
in this week's e-newsletter, i'm sharing how residents who sustained damage to their homes during storm can begin t… 
 : guardsmen from  states came together to join the more than , n.c. guardsmen to help support recovery efforts of…
 : congressman  's newsletter 
 : . cooper: i- now officially open; i- reopened last night. these roads are key to our recovery.  hust…
 : merrick garland. 
i oppose brett kavanaugh.  no single nominee should be confirmed to #scotus with so many red flags. i urge senators… 
special counsel mueller must be allowed to continue his investigation to completion. congress must not allow any in… 
 : i- is now open through north carolina. motorists should still use caution as hundreds of roads across the state remain closed…
extreme weather events hit low-income people, communities of color, and people with disabilities the hardest—and… 
a powerful sculpture by manuel oliver, who lost his son in the parkland, fl mass shooting. it's been  months since… 
 : happy #hbcuweek! i’m proud to be a voice for hbcus on capitol hill. i love my hbcu,  and ! #hbcustrong #eag…
 : i am so proud to have worked with amazing students and colleagues at #udc #udcfirebirds #hbcu 
 : #proudtobe #hbcu #fayettevillestateuniversity #broncopride # #resnonverba #deedsnotwords 
it's #hbcuweek, and we want to celebrate all of north carolina's hbcus. for nearly  years, hbcus have empowered… 
happy #hbcuweek! i’m proud to be a voice for hbcus on capitol hill. i love my hbcu,  and ! #hbcustrong… 
 : want to help with recovery efforts? financial contributions are being accepted at . be sure that th…
 : a wider circle to honor congressman  at community ball on september , . butterfield's work to address…
 : congressman g.k.butterfield newsletter 
#hurricaneflorence update: water is still flooding roads in eastern nc. many roads remain impassable. residents har… 
this morning, i, along with the rest of the nc congressional delegation, was briefed by  and  reps… 
#hurricaneflorence brought heavy rains to our area causing some roads to flood. please visit… 
 : florence's effects in the carolinas are far from over. our reporters across the area will be posting live updates all da…
 : with deluge monday morning, florence leaves behind some flooding in tri-county. 
 : here's the unofficial, radar-estimated storm total rainfall from #florence over all nc (actual gauge-measured amounts not i…
 : downing street at forest hills road has been closed due to rising water levels.
 : due to rising water on the pathway, the tar river walking/biking trail has been closed along river drive from sunset p…
 : are you in need of a pharmacy? healthcare ready has an up to date map of open pharmacies across nc. …
 : american red cross doing a great job handing out hot lunches to people affected by #hurricaneflorence #newbernnc  …
 : we are working to avoid disruptions in #ncmedicaid care due to #florencenc. read more:   #hu…
for #hurricaneflorence assistance:  ➡️ text "florence" to  ➡️ call -- for shelters, food assistance, and s… 
if you are in need of #hurricaneflorence assistance, dial -- for the state's / call line. visit the redcross'… 
if you are in need of #hurricaneflorence assistance, dial -- for the state's / call line. visit 's w… 
the statewide information line can provide residents with nearby shelters, housing and other storm-related details.… 
have a concern? know exactly who to contact: for emergencies, call . to receive info on shelters, evacuations &amp;… 
need assistance? text "florence" to  for assistance. you can also call -- to speak to a specialist.… 
residents statewide must be prepared for major flooding due to #hurricaneflorence. the state’s emergency hotline is… 
 : claudia moved  eastern nc after living thru hurricane katrina in . thirteen years &amp;  children later, she didn't want…
#hurricaneflorence has already inflicted tremendous damage across the eastern part of the state. an expedited major… 
today, i am joined by the entire nc congressional delegation in calling on president trump to swiftly approve gover… 
 : the tornado warning has been extended for our area until : p.m.
 : a tornado warning has been issued for this area until : p.m. if you are outside, immediately seek shelter in a stur…
 : hurricane #florence could bring downed trees &amp; power lines in #durham. report power outages directly to your service provi…
 : . is hard at work clearing roadways and blocking water-logged streets. a big thank you to all who are bra…
 : wilson energy crews are responding to scattered outages. so far we aren’t seeing widespread outages but are seeing trees down…
 : use these resources to get help or more info. for emergencies, call . to receive info on shelters, evacuations &amp; storm…
i am making rounds to the shelters to check in with residents displaced by #hurricaneflorence.  shelters are contin… 
i am on the ground in #nc this morning as north carolinians prepare for #hurricaneflorence. i met n.c. guard sold… 
 : need assistance? text "florence" to  for assistance. you can also call -- to speak to a specialist. #florencenc #…
 : don't forget these sources for your #hurricaneflorence updates:  -  (includes helpful links, shelte…
live at :am: i’ll be on  to discuss #hurricaneflorence and what you need to know to respond duri… 
 : be sure to tune in and listen to trusted news sources to ensure you have factual, up to date information about #hurricanef…
 : have your emergency kit ready by tonight, before #hurricaneflorence makes landfall. most importantly, make sure your kit h…
as we prepare for #hurricaneflorence to reach landfall, my office is sending daily updates on storm resources and i… 
 : wednesday #florencenc update. florence is still a category  hurricane, and is forecast to maintain its nw motion towards…
before #hurricaneflorence hits, customers should note how to report power outages. customers who experience an outa… 
#nc- save this information in case you need emergency phone numbers.   remember- in the event of an emergency, al… 
i have suspended my work in washington to be on the ground in nc and assist my constituents. north carolinians need… 
 : with conditions expected to begin to deteriorate wed. night, preparations should be completed by that time. for more info…
 : retweet this: here is a list of shelters opening to take in people displaced by evacuations: 
#hurricanceflorence update:  nc counties have evacuation orders. all north carolinians should prepare for the sto… 
#pittcounty ⬇️ 
if you're ordered to evacuate for #hurricaneflorence:   ➡️ take only essential items  ➡️ turn off gas, electricity,… 
save this list of emergency info and phone numbers in case you need to report a power outage or downed power lines… 
when is hurricane florence expected to make landfall in the carolinas? 
 : north carolina gov. cooper urges residents to obey evacuation orders.  "even if you've ridden out storms before, this one is diffe…
 : with the effects of #florence expected on the coast starting wed night, now is the time to finish preparing. check updates from l…
#hurricaneflorence - -  has a free app for apple &amp; android mobile devices that will allow you to receive real-… 
north carolinians need to get ready for #hurricaneflorence now and take steps to protect their families and propert… 
 : please note: the emergency information page has been activated ahead of ts #florence. please go to …
 : here is helpful info on preparing for a hurricane from ...  hurricanes are not just a coastal t…
 : residents of #nc can find hurricane preparedness information and emergency phone numbers at: …
i am suspending my work in washington, d.c. to be in my congressional district and assist my constituents.  my offi… 
residents of #nc can find hurricane preparedness information and emergency phone numbers at:… 
state and federal resources are being positioned to properly prepare for the effects of the storm, and north caroli… 
as #hurricaneflorence approaches landfall, i urge all north carolina residents, businesses, and visitors to prepare… 
 : #florence is likely to cause damaging hurricane-force winds along parts of the coasts of south &amp; north carolina, &amp; a hurr…
 : governor cooper will give a news conference on hurricane #florence preparations at : pm today. watch it live https://t…
 : tues morn #florencenc update: * get ready now!  * life-threatening impacts possible * dangerous storm surge thurs-sun. -…
today we reflect on the lives lost in the horrifying attacks that occurred seventeen years ago. we will… 
 : saturday's congressional #stem app challenge hackathon for  and  districts hosted by …
 : #florencenc update:  - florence will continue to strengthen over next  hrs - increasing risk of storm surge at coast &amp; i…
 : hurricane #florence update • increasing risk of life-threatening impacts: storm surge at coast, flooding inland • dangerou…
congratulations to north carolina native and  alum nia franklin, who was crowned #missamerica  ton… 
look forward to representing you, darline. great things are happening in durham! 
 :  ., thank you. i had a busy few months with my #jobsandjustice tour, but it was important to me th…
 ., thank you. i had a busy few months with my #jobsandjustice tour, but it was important to… 
 : i have been following your tour on here rep  and you have truly been out across the state. love to see electe…
 : great turnout  in p for my annual congressional app challenge student hackathon with ! if you…
that is why i am calling for doj and ice to undertake an investigation to examine the circumstances by which these… 
given what we know about the scope of the subpoenas, and the counties that were targeted, i strongly suspect that t… 
the subpoenas demanding millions of north carolina voter records are overly broad, request private voter informatio… 
today, i am joined by my colleagues in officially calling for an investigation into the trump administration subpoe… 
 : this summer we invited elected officials to visit during congress's august recess. thank you , …
 : two excellent opportunities this weekend!  unc computer science open house and congressional app challenge hackathon!  c…
 : thanks to our congressional delegation for taking a stand against this absolute attack on nc voters  days before election…
 : us reps. butterfield and price have called for inquiries into the doj/ice voting records subpoenas. #ncga #ncpol https://t.c…
 : reps. david price and g.k. butterfield say doj’s "massive request of voter data seems clearly designed to disenfranchise a…
 : north carolina reps. david price and g.k. butterfield, both democrats, rip doj/ice subpoenas for north carolina voting records. sa…
 : new blog post: democratic congressmen call for inquiry over doj, ice, voting subpoenas  #wral
 : . &amp;  statement: "this alarming and unprecedented request  ...  days prior to an election is a…
. and  statement on doj/ice subpoenas of sweeping voter records from  counties in ea… 
 : calling all dps middle &amp; high school students! grab your friends, team up, and plan a creative app idea! register for…
 : i stand with my colleague . the american people have a right to see kavanaugh's full record. … instead of talking about a clearly unconstitutional executive order or a non-existent invasion of less than , m… 
and how are they going to pay for the tax cuts that don't pay for themselves? they're going to cut social security,… 
what it has also done is increase the national deficit by more than $ billion. i guess tax cuts do not, in fact,… 
so, where did all of that money go? stock buybacks (which, again, disproportionately benefit the wealthy)… 
americans were promised these tax cuts--disproportionately benefiting the wealthy--would be "jet fuel" for the econ… 
lastly, but most importantly, let's talk about the one major legislative accomplishment of a republican-controlled… 
oh, and the president's administration has stated that--following the mid-terms--there are no plans to give aid to… 
i've heard from farmers across missouri. they all say the same thing: "we want trade, not aid."  unfortunately,… 
the stock market is essentially where it was before the $ trillion handout to the wealthy and giant corporations.… 
have you been paying into social security &amp; medicare your entire life?  well, to pay for a $ trillion tax cut for… 
despite claims on the campaign trail, 's administration and republican ags across the country are w… 
instead of talking about non-existent invasions of immigrants or unconstitutional executive orders, how about we di… 
this is not the way our democracy works. the president cannot unilaterally amend the constitution through eos. a be… 
 : “there is a cold wind of bitterness blowing across america,”  tells the massive crowd at tonight’s #kc vigil for…
silence sounds like complicity 
republicans promised the #goptaxscam would lead to massive increases in business investment. that's not happening. 
higginsville project connect is this saturday! event will be held at higginsville high school from am-pm. a one-d… 
health care premiums continue to rise unnecessarily.  you can thank republican policies. #protectourcare 
had a blast at the nd annual night of the harvest moon children's festival! thanks to all who came out to celebra… 
this comes one week after bombs were mailed to a news outlet, four weeks after a  journalist was bru… 
another deadly attack on a jewish community. this unspeakable act is sadly too familiar, #villageshalom overland park, . no more.
companies are having to raise prices on consumers to pay for president trump's trade tariffs. 
the  had extra time to prepare for their game at arrowhead this sunday following their game last thursday.… 
the president continues to say the gop will protect those with pre-existing conditions. there's only one problem. a… 
hopeful this ordeal has come to an end with no further threats of violence. extremely thankful to law enforcement a… 
love to see our kansas city athletes getting involved in the community, especially with such a great organization! 
 : "nobody's your friend who will ask you to do wrong. nobody's your friend who doesn't encourage you to do well." -- congr…
the liberty memorial is going to transform like you've never seen it before. be sure to check it out next week!… 
tariffs do two things: ) kill jobs ) raise prices for consumers  we're seeing both of those things happening righ… 
fact check: republicans do not want to maintain protections for pre-existing conditions. #protectourcare  
 : what a great opportunity for the young men at the am i my brother’s keeper conference to hear from  this morn…
innovation continues to produce new #tech of extreme consequence to our civil rights. it's important we equip law e… 
multiple studies have shown facial recognition technology--like 's rekognition--disproportionately misidenti… 
honored to be at  this morning to empower high school men from across the district to build each ot… 
happy to attend the community recovery and resilience leadership forum this afternoon. as we continue to see storms… 
 : news:  announced today that the #bigmbb &amp; #bigwbb championships will take place in kc for four additional…
 : impressive crowd at clay county edc to hear missouri   and congressman  congrats to northland leaders…
 : friend of workforce development and fec  is next at the podium 
missouri is one of the top soybean producing states in the country. giving our farmers the ability to sell their cr… 
glad to join  at the  look north banquet. great to hear the   and i,  share bipartisa… 
they celebrated on the white house lawn when house republicans passed a health care bill that would repeal protecti… 
in the past week, a democratic president, presidential nominee, member of congress, and donor have had their lives… 
the economy is growing, but most workers aren't reaping the rewards. instead of giving $ trillion to the wealthies… 
new study finds that seattle's minimum wage increase led to workers making more money despite getting fewer hours.… 
americans were promised the gop tax plan would: ) target the middle class ) reduce the deficit ) raise wages for… 
the trump administration continues to attack aca protections for pre-existing conditions.  if you want congress t… 
 : "the struggle is growing." get 's insight on how tariffs, trump, housing and more impact missouri's th distr…
while corporate profits continue to soar, working class americans are seeing their wages stagnate. more must be don… 
nothing like it! #chiefskingdom 
under republican control of congress, the % has never had it so good. 
who else in #chiefskingdom woke up feeling like this? i know i did! 
always a pleasure joining  for a legislative update. 
honored to surprise ms irene whitley marcus with a congressional record statement celebrating the th birthday of… 
hosted my colleague  for a saturday brunch conversation with kc labor leaders about the need for an i… 
#climatechange is real, it's man-made, and it's getting progressively worse. 
hardworking americans have paid into social security and medicare their entire adult lives. they weren't entitled t… 
honored to attend the 's annual law enforcement appreciation luncheon yesterday. immensely grateful to… 
 : outstanding umkc alumni: mary daly was appointed pres/ceo of the san francisco branch of the federal reserve bank, join…
a new study on republican work requirements plan shows that  million children and seniors would be at risk of losi… 
for those who heard leader mcconnell's comments on republicans aiming to cut entitlement spending next year, i refe… 
was a pleasure having breakfast with esther george this morning. as the president and chief executive of the… 
don't miss free breakfast! come join me and the  for a legislative briefing on friday. 
great report by  and  on the significant disparities between the education provided to white a… 
they claimed cutting taxes for the wealthy and corporations would increase revenue. instead, it blew a hole in the… 
happy to see  getting the attention it deserves! tune into  with  for a specia… 
 : check out ’s latest article on the current state of #trade and what it means for you! 
after passing a $ trillion tax cut for big corporations and the wealthiest americans, republicans are going to try… 
this is a huge win for students across the country. 
denying that #climatechange is man-made is denying climate change. the rest of the world has come to the universal… 
#icymi add this to the long list of actions that need to be investigated. we cannot allow this… 
following grave reports of the increasingly rapid threat of #climatechange, i find it baffling that this administra… 
i remember visiting  when they started this program with only one tiny home. i couldn't be more proud of the… 
with all the harm this trade war has done to farmers and businesses across the nation, china's trade surplus hit a… 
i just published “don’t drink the kool-aid on trade: why you should care about this trade war” 
i mistweeted, the broadcast will take place . i stand by someone getting  some kc bbq th… 
tune into  for a special broadcast from  tonight! and somebody make sure… 
a new study finds that president trump's policies are worsening income inequality in america. more evidence that th… 
% of americans want to keep protections for pre-existing conditions that the gop is working tirelessly to overtur… 
following the recent storms in missouri, i went back to independence to speak to the business owners who have been… 
a candidate running for governor is also in charge of elections and voter registrations. that candidate is holding… 
hey , lo cain and moose seem to be working out well for the . you’re welcome!   #nlcs
did you know the average  monthly benefit is only $,? that's why a stronger ss reflecting real e… 
what do we have to lose?  a lot. 
let's commit to ending the stigma around treating mental illness. remember, it is okay to seek help, and you are no… 
 : 🚨🚨🚨  today is the last day to register to vote in missouri! if you haven't already, make sure to register at …
in case you were wondering, , the  are -.   looking forward to making it - after a sunday… 
🚨🚨🚨  today is the last day to register to vote in missouri! if you haven't already, make sure to register at 
the trump administration is fully supporting a lawsuit that would end protections for patients with pre-existing co… 
congratulations to tonight’s unity award recipients and to  for their efforts to make our city safe… 
 : **ale**  tomorrow is the last day to register to vote in missouri. your vote is your voice. go to …
**ale**  tomorrow is the last day to register to vote in missouri. your vote is your voice. go to… 
 : learning about the kc history in slavery, mobs and jazz music from  ! #hisotorikc #learnkc …
 :  thank you for discussing the history of #kcmo with  this morning! #learnkc 
happy to attend the  workplace rights event this weekend to discuss the evolution of civil rights in… 
#icymi major climate report describes a strong risk of crisis as early as . 
that's why i attended the postal union's rally against privatizing the  yesterday. privatization of the usps w… 
what would privatization look like? -severe job losses -wage cuts for postal workers -increased prices in mail deli… 
. is the most popular agency in the u.s. government with an % approval rating. it employs , americans… 
the  has been utilized in america since it was written into our constitution in . throughout my time in co… 
a poll of , companies showed just % are redirecting tax savings to budgets for bigger paychecks in the coming… 
missouri jaguar season opens on sunday. you can get your permit around noon at arrowhead stadium.   
“if ever there was a model of a decaying station brought back to vibrancy, it would be kansas city.”  it took a lot… 
following ’s investigative reporting, it was brought to my attention some national banks were freezing accoun… 
 : thank you to  for supporting renewal of the biodiesel tax credit. 
the trump administration's family separation policy was even worse than we imagined. this cannot become acceptable… 
"buybacks are attractive because most ceo pay is directly linked to stock values."  "increasing pay for the wealthi… 
this is why we fight to #protectourcare 
it's a sad day when the president of the united states and leader of the free world openly mocks a victim of sexual… 
we must continue to do the work here in congress to help our veterans; those who remain in the shadows, and those w… 
it took a lot of courage for jason to come forward and announce his own struggles with depression and post-traumati… 
 : the deadline for service academy nominations is this friday! if you are interested in attending a service academy, make sur…
when it comes to president trump's rollback of pollution and fuel-efficiency standards for new cars, "the only big… 
congress must act to protect american workers and provide stability to our farmers by ending the trade war as soon… 
nothing like the  on #mondaynightfootball!   who’s ready for another chiefs win? #chiefskingdom 
the deadline for service academy nominations is this friday! if you are interested in attending a service academy,… 
 : .: “what we saw yesterday was an undignified dogfight parading as a hearing.” 
the biodiesel tax credit is critical to american farmers &amp; missouri's economy. that's why i, along with  of my co… 
thanks to  for having me on to discuss the #scotus hearings this weekend. 
while it wasn't the season we all hoped for, i couldn't be prouder of the way these guys represented kansas city. t… 
honored to attend the  rotc ball to celebrate  years of excellence from ucm's rotc program. i presente… 
 : . on #kavanaugh: “i think we are in a very dangerous tribal moment in this country. we’ve gotten to the point w…
while i still believe we need an independent fbi investigation into these serious allegations, i'll be paying close… 
 : john jones (), chief of staff to congressman emanuel cleaver (), is leaving his post after more than…
president trump's trade war could mean a  million drop in car sales and cost , jobs.  
the trump administration has stolen nearly $ million from medicare, cancer research, and the national institutes… 
#lwcf is about to expire for the second time on republicans' watch. instead of protecting the #publiclands we all o… 
a new #climatechange study found that america's national parks are warming faster than other landscapes. if we are… 
change happens when you #vote. make sure your voice is heard in november by registering to vote this… 
how about #chiefskingdom yesterday? can't wait to hear 's thoughts on the game! 
that’s why we fight to #protectourcare, fund diabetes research, and expand medicaid. it’s also why i signed on to a… 
meet abria.  abria has been taking insulin since being diagnosed with type- diabetes (td)  years ago. since her… 
#icymi the  christened the #usskansascity in mobile, alabama this weekend. beyond honored to participate in… 
cutting #snap will make poverty worse. that's why i opposed a #farmbill that would have cut $ billion in snap fun… 
following new credible allegations of sexual assault, the senate judiciary committee has a responsibility to conduc… 
i look forward to working with  to improve the government’s ability to identify and halt suspicious… 
fincen's major concern was a lack of oversight and consistent regulation of virtual currency, especially within the… 
following mueller’s indictment of  russian agents, it was found russians were using #bitcoin to fund illicit acti… 
enjoyed speaking  the christening ceremony of the #usskansascity in mobile, al. what an honor to join this histori… 
 : today, the new  littoral combat ship #usskansascity was christened in mobile, al. the ship will stand as a symbol of the s…
had the privilege of speaking at the christening of the #usskansascity in mobile, al. thank you for the remarkable… 
at the christening ceremony for #usskansascity in mobile, al. what a privilege &amp; honor. wish you could see this mag… 
 : on saturday, the  will christen uss kansas city and  will be there. here’s a story about former sect. of…
this is what i've been hearing from farmers throughout my district in missouri. our farmers are hurting. we have to… 
 : uss kansas city is the second ship to be named after missouri’s largest city. the first was a wichita-class replenishm…
looking forward to the christening of the uss kansas city in mobile, alabama tomorrow. it is truly an honor to have… 
 with  discussing the need for mentors for students. “people can touch children and impa… 
trump said his tax cuts would bring $ trillion into the u.s.  it's been almost a year and we have % to go. 
taking money from head start, hiv/aids research, and cancer programs to pay for the detention of children is a micr… 
another gift to the oil and gas industry that our children will have to pay for in the coming generations.… 
one year after #hurricanemaria, #puertorico still lacks adequate food and water, a stable power supply, and quality… 
 : last week,  and mayor fred wiedner visited  - a college-prep boarding charter school! thank…
#justiceforall 
bias in technical algorithms is something i've been cautioning since i began my investigation into #fintech compani… 
as president trump's trade war with china escalates, american consumers are going to feel the pain. 
the fbi investigation in  took  days.  reminder: republicans held up a supreme court seat for an entire year i… 
don't forget about 's male mentors of color recruitment event this thursday! really looking forward… 
happy st birthday to the united states air force! to the brave men and women who have served in the  o… 
today, i had a great meeting at  on how to better serve our veterans. heard from kcva staff as well as… 
president trump's trade war is quickly escalating with no end in sight. 
yesterday, i attended the ribbon-cutting of the healing house's new facility in the historic northeast of kc. as th… 
another disappointing, un-american, and unjustified decision by  and his administration. 
thinking of  today. now, more than ever, we need his voice in the public conversation, and, most import… 
i'm with  and  
a new study shows that increases to the minimum wage in  u.s. cities boosted worker pay without harming job growth… 
"for the first time in  years, buybacks are garnering the largest share of cash spending by s&amp;p  firms."  comp… 
in light of these deeply troubling revelations, the confirmation vote for judge kavanaugh should be delayed until t… 
president trump believes a trade war with china will be easy to win. it won't be. 
who wins in republicans' "tax ." plan? you tell me. #goptaxscam 
really enjoyed the conversation with , , and  at my #cbcfalc issues fo… 
 : tune in, we're talking with   on #rolandmartinunfiltered. watch live on 
#fintech #bgovfintech 
had a great discussion this morning with  and  about the future of #fintech and the… 
let's be clear: , americans died in puerto rico following hurricane maria due to a failed response by this admi… 
looking forward to this conversation. if you're able, please stop by next week!  
suicide is the nd leading cause of death for americans aged -. that's why i introduced hr , the cady housh… 
following maria, harvey, florence, unprecedented heatwaves in the arctic and wildfires in california, you would thi… 
 : two influential men in kc came together to discuss the need for mentors in our community.   …
factcheck: , americans died. 
 : become a mentor! at a press conference ⁦⁩ and ⁦⁩ recruit men of color to mentor kc youth! h…
enjoyed speaking at the phada  legislative forum this morning to discuss our nation's critical need for afforda… 
on this day  years ago, our nation changed forever. as we commemorate the , lives lost on that tragic day, le… 
#cleanenergy is the way of the future! 
how good did , , and the rest of the  look yesterday? i don't know about you, but i… 
once again,  is ranked as one of the  best museums in the country. if you haven't visited the museum… 
today marks #worldsuicidepreventionday, a day to bring awareness to this far-too-common epidemic &amp; de-stigmatize th… 
i want to extend my warmest wishes and best regards to all those celebrating #roshhashanah. may your new year be fu… 
do you have one of these conditions?  if so, republicans are trying to take away your right to affordable health ca… 
brett kavanaugh is an extremist who, if he became a supreme court justice, would threaten voting rights, workers' r… 
trump admin rejected report showing refugees did not pose major security threat.   because if facts don't fit the n… 
the mid-term elections are  months away and the state department team tasked with defending our elections still ha… 
in order to correct their shameful family separation policy, the trump administration is breaking  years of prece… 
% of americans want to ensure that individuals with pre-existing conditions cannot be denied health care coverage… 
we all knew this was his belief on roe v. wade, but still important for the public to get confirmation from public… 
#kavanaugh has consistently claimed that previous nominees have not given substantive answers on questions about po… 
i don't care what brett kavanaugh does with his free time--it's the fact that he spends so much of his time on the… 
if president trump and republicans succeed in rolling back pre-existing condition protections, ,, people in… 
medicaid work requirements are already proving disastrous.  
whether it is falling wages for working class americans, attempts to dismantle unions, or rolling back rules meant… 
the gop released , documents hours before the #kavanaugh confirmation hearing this morning, less than % of a… 
during my tour of the th district of missouri in august, time and time again i heard from businesses relaying the…  one of the things that makes me proud to be from the #sanjoaquin valley is our dedication to giving back to our com… 
"a house divided against itself cannot stand." today i called on the president to reunite our nation around america… 
congrats to the newly-elected  officer team, including national #ffa president,  &amp;… 
i was honored to join our #sikh community in #fresno this morning to celebrate the values we all share: love, servi… 
congratulations to our  bulldogs for another great win!   that puts us at - in  play an… 
congrats to  jim yovino &amp; all who made possible yesterday's innovation center opening at #fresno #ctec!… 
retweet to spread the word:  today - am-pm - you can drop off unused prescription meds anonymously for safe disp… 
the people of the valley are some of the hardest workers in the world.  it was great to meet w/ some of these indiv… 
yesterday i visited 's #aviation campus at  to see their latest advancements &amp; speak w/ students… 
congrats to  for its $.m award from  to help valley #agriculture &amp; #trucking buy newer vehicles w/… 
 
today we #wearpurple to show support for #domesticviolence survivors, those serving them, &amp; efforts to raise #dv aw… 
the targeting of leaders &amp; media outlets w/ explosive packages should raise concerns regarding our current politica… 
. is one of the valley's gems and an important part of our history.  it was great to visit the… 
i had a great time speaking with our bright young people and educators at  yesterday.  the students' ins… 
it was an honor to join in recognizing our  #business leaders at the excellence in business awards tod… 
retweet to spread the word:  tomorrow: -pm in downtown #merced,  will host #lightsonafterschool, a fami… 
the  charter came into force  years ago today.  as we join in the global celebration of #unday, let us reaffir… 
america's #water infrastructure act became law today, including my bipartisan provisions that support efforts to in… 
we in the valley know that local community leadership &amp; local, state, &amp; federal leaders working together are both v… 
saturday's #csuferia - hosted by , , &amp; other leaders &amp; groups in our community - was a great… 
our young people are the future. we must work together to ensure they have a good education &amp; every opportunity to… 
i had a great time cheering on our  with students, educators, and  at … 
congrats to warnors theatre for  years of bringing culture, music, &amp; other performance arts to our community!… 
it was great to see our community come together this morning to support #aidsawareness efforts and our #fresno hiv/… 
thanks to all who made yesterday's #schoolsafety summit i held w/  a huge success!  we brought together m… 
today's presidential memorandum is the next step in restoring more reliable #water supplies to the valley &amp; all reg… 
improving highway  has been a top priority for me, &amp; i commend  mayor medellin, city council, &amp;… 
as we learn more about #khashoggidisappearance, we cannot condone reprehensible behavior that violates… 
congrats to  for  years of success w/ your readers &amp; leaders student-based #mentoring program!  thank… 
my heart goes out to lt. col. nehring’s family &amp; the th fighter wing. lt. col. nehring is an american hero. when… 
the insight &amp; passion of our  students &amp; educators always impresses me, &amp; yesterday was no different. we h… 
we must support our young people as they work to achieve their goals.  yesterday i had the opportunity to meet w/ s… 
today i held a press conference w/  &amp;  focusing on the wins for valley #water in the new americ… 
join me today -- #worldfoodday -- in standing for our valley and individuals across the world, advocating for commo… 
it was a deep honor to recognize five of our valley #veterans this weekend the at #vfw post  in #chowchilla.… 
congratulations to our   bulldogs on another win!!  proud to be a !  #redwave #godogs… 
parents play a pivotal &amp; unparalleled role in their kids' lives. we must support them as they raise our young peopl… 
this week i had the opportunity to meet w/  members, advisors, &amp; program representatives in #merced.  it was gre… 
#farmers &amp; #farmworkers have been integral in the development of the valley &amp; nation, &amp; they play a vital role in o… 
i had a great discussion w/ the #merced  this week about the #farmbill, fighting for valley #water, &amp; workin… 
today is international #dayofthegirl, a day to promote the empowerment of girls around the world &amp; to raise awarene… 
retweet to share the news:  #socialsecurity admin announced a .%  &amp; #ssi benefits increase for … 
it was great to join  yesterday to announce plans for their new steam - science, technology, engineering, agr… 
thank you , , , , &amp; all involved in today's #imagineadaywithoutwater educ… 
congrats to ​ for an additional $m in career &amp; technical #education (#cte) funds!  cte plays a critical… 
i was honored to speak w/  seniors in #fresno this morning about political processes &amp; my experiences… 
retweet to spread the word:  's #farmersmarket is hosting a special give away today, from -pm.  vis… 
congratulations to the  bulldogs for last night's win in our  opening game!  way to… 
thanks  for this piece on ! the video interviews w/ the veterans are great.… 
the people of the valley are some of the hardest workers anywhere, &amp;  of my top priorities has always been to incr… 
if last week has taught us anything, it is that we must listen to #survivors of sexual assault &amp; other crimes – whe… 
i have always believed that the best way to serve communities is for local, state, &amp; national leaders to work toget… 
it was great to see , , , -#mercedcounty, &amp; all of the other groups come togeth… 
as a member of the #problemsolverscaucus &amp; co-chair of , i'm proud of us coming together around a rea… 
i was honored to join the #armenian community in welcoming president sarkissian to d.c. this summer.  #armenia's on… 
yesterday's opening of  was a great time!  the fair is one of my favorite valley traditions, and i al… 
investing in our young people is essential for their success &amp; a strong valley. it was great to join… 
after a year of phone calls, paperwork, &amp; coordinated efforts, my staff &amp; i were able to help reunite this family i… 
the #hispanic community &amp; its people have been critical in shaping the #sanjoaquin valley &amp; nation.  join me this… 
we need to modernize #nafta, and i am pleased to hear we’ve made progress.  the valley economy depends on… 
october is #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth, a time when we focus on educating about #domesticviolence &amp; how to reco… 
today our th  departed for washington, d.c.  it was an honor to see these valley #veterans &amp; their… 
join me today in honoring mothers &amp; families who have lost a daughter, son, or family member while they were servin… 
our valley has some of the most productive #farmland in the world, but also some of the highest rates of #hunger &amp;… 
ensuring our food producers have access to foreign markets is crucial for both valley &amp; u.s. #agriculture.  so this… 
yesterday we in the #bipartisan #problemsolverscaucus again stood together, firm in our commitment to… 
for years i have been working to fix #ca's broken #water system. we can get big things done when we work together.… 
our young people are the future of the valley and nation. when they succeed, we all succeed.  the remarkable… 
fruits &amp; vegetables are staples of a healthy diet, w/ over half of the u.s.'s #specialtycrops grown by hardworking… 
our democracy is stronger when every american exercises their right to vote. it's not only our civic duty, it's our… 
state &amp; local gov'ts across the u.s. -- &amp; in the valley -- use land &amp; water conservation fund (#lwcf) grants to hel… 
attention:  the downtown #fresno post office has settled in it's new location at  m street, with the main entran… 
. 's th annual "facelift" begins tomorrow and runs through sunday.  for more info and to sign up via… 
retweet to spread the word:  notice -- starting october st --  will offer free valet parking for #veteran… 
#cancer touches the lives of almost all of us.   it is imperative that we launch a coordinated community effort to… 
yesterday i brought together researchers, care providers, &amp; community leaders at #clovis  to further e… 
i’m glad to see the #shasta reservoir expansion moving forward.   #ca needs more #water storage, which is why i wor… 
retweet to spread the word:  notice - tomorrow - free admission to , , &amp; all… 
proud to be a member of the #lgbt equality caucus (), working together to ensure all are being treated… 
join me today in remembering &amp; honoring american prisoners of war, those still missing in action, &amp; their families.… 
yesterday i visited a #mosquitoabatement operation in #dospalos &amp; met w/ local officials &amp; those working to protect… 
what works for big cities doesn't always work for #rural areas, &amp; we in the  know this.  today we rel… 
#daca has allowed hundreds of thousands to legally work, go to college, &amp; contribute to their communities. dreamers… 
food insecurity is far too common in the valley, &amp; we must continue to work together to address it.  so it was grea… 
to everyone celebrating #yomkippur, may you have a meaningful fast and a good holy day.  g'mar chatimah tova!… 
for decades i have fought for valley water &amp; worked to fix #ca's broken #water system. yesterday's opening of… 
for years, i have been working w/ #hmong &amp; #lao #veterans leaders to ensure  #sgu veterans &amp; their families get the… 
it's great to see everyone join together to celebrate #mexico's rich culture &amp; enjoy delicious food, remarkable per… 
congratulations to the  bulldogs for last night's victory over ucla!  way to #godogs!  #bebold #redwave 
it was great to join the #hmongwomensinitiative this morning in #merced for the third biennial… 
congrats to  for last night's win, defending his 's world title .  jose has… 
#hispanicheritagemonth begins today. it's a time focused on recognizing &amp; honoring the culture &amp; achievements o… 
as the #victimsrightscaucus co-founder &amp; co-chair, i joined the bipartisan task force to #endsexualviolence at a ro… 
by working together - ds &amp; rs - we can accomplish big things &amp; do what's best for the valley &amp; america.  here we se… 
i had a great meeting w/ the #sanjoaquin valley regional policy council #valleyvoice delegation yesterday. these va… 
#nationalparks provide natural beauty &amp; a place to recharge.  today we passed a bipartisan bill in  to… 
retweet to spread the word:  notice -  health dept. will offer free flu vaccines this sat. (/) st… 
multiple measures i led were incorporated into the #waterresources bill we passed today w/ bipartisan &amp; bicameral s… 
i will use every option i have to #stopthewatergrab.  this is about fighting bad science used to justify taking… 
thank you for having me, and thank you to all of the  and  educators, staff, parents, and s… 
one of the things i value in serving the #sanjoaquin valley is the chance to discuss w/ our young people their view… 
i was deeply honored to join our valley at this morning's / remembrance ceremony to honor the lives we lost &amp; th… 
our nation's #foodpolicy must feed americans &amp; support our #farmers, #ranchers, &amp; #dairy producers as they put food… 
let us #neverforget the legacy of #septemberth, one of bravery, resilience, &amp; sense of duty.  let us honor those… 
today marks  years since the / attacks.  let us never forget the courage &amp; sacrifice of our first responders o… 
congrats to , , &amp;  for being ranked as some of the best universities in the u.s., this ye… 
thanks for emceeing, , &amp; thanks to everyone who made last night a success!  it was a great event to s… 
to everyone celebrating #roshhashanah, both in the #sanjoaquin valley and throughout the world:  may tonight usher… 
#california became the st state today in .  happy birthday to the golden state!  #californiabirthday… 
#foodbanks play an integral role in #fightinghunger, serving over  million people in need in #ca alone.  join me t… 
#california #farmers grow over /rd of the vegetables &amp; /rds of the fruits &amp; nuts produced in the u.s.… 
yesterday i joined my house colleagues -- democrats and republicans -- in paying tribute to senator john mccain and… 
over , people suffer from food insecurity in our congressional district alone.  we must ensure that the peopl… 
yesterday, i joined w/ my colleagues to assemble  care packages for military spouses.  we must never forget… 
the #farmbill is america's #foodpolicy.  it should support our food producers, feed americans, &amp; provide us w/… 
today i brought #sanjoaquin valley concerns front &amp; center in the #farmbillconference committee’s first meeting.  i… 
a year ago today, the president rescinded #daca, throwing the lives of , into limbo. i have fought for bipart… 
more than . million americans are currently living w/ #alzheimer’s.  this is projected to rise to nearly  milli… 
. staff's plan is a pure #watergrab.  for decades, i have fought for valley #water, &amp; i will continue… 
retweet to spread:  tomorrow - :am - our st #farmbill conference meeting. watch live here:… 
the pancake breakfast in #fresno is one of my favorite #laborday traditions, and it was great to see our community… 
today, on #laborday, we celebrate the ingenuity and dedicated work ethic that drives our nation's success as well a… 
friday's opening of  was a huge success.  it was an honor to join in the ceremony to celebrate the li… 
today's tributes to senator john mccain remind us of the difference he has made.  as we go forward, let us be inspi… 
the people of the #sanjoaquin valley are some of the most hard-working, driven, &amp; community-oriented individuals an… 
it was an honor to join in the ribbon cutting for the newly expanded #veterans community living center at the… 
i had another great discussion w/ our #smallbusiness leaders this week about increasing opportunity in our valley a… 
info from the #census determines representation in congress, who receives federal support, &amp; where businesses decid… 
congratulations to  president  for winning the inaugural district  man of the year!  yo… 
we are blessed in the #sanjoaquin valley w/ rich cultural diversity &amp; people driven to strengthen our communities.… 
it was great to see the progress  is making to expand the education, employment, &amp; other support services i… 
thank you to these remarkable individuals w/  in #merced for playing a vital role in fighting… 
#hunger is all too real for far too many in the #sanjoaquin valley, which is why i joined w/  &amp;… 
#smallbusinesses play a pivotal role in our #sanjoaquin valley, both economically &amp; as key contributors to our effo… 
this afternoon i joined w/  &amp;  to hold a workshop w/ local leaders &amp; #anti-hunger groups… 
this morning i was honored to join  in celebrating &amp; thanking jim maxwell for all he has done for our… 
for years i have called for bipartisan #immigrationreform to make our system fair &amp; functional while respecting the… 
sen. john mccain was an inspiration to us all &amp; a real american patriot. his reputation as a straight shooter &amp; mav… 
happy birthday to !  for over  years, the #nps has been preserving our country's history, wildli… 
it was great to join , , &amp; local #veterans advocates &amp; business leaders in #fresno this mor… 
wishing senator john mccain &amp; his family peace &amp; comfort during this difficult time.   is one of my h… 
tune in tomorrow morning for my interview with casey steed on #merced's .  the interview will air at … 
it was w/ deep gratitude &amp; respect that i awarded lt. col. heran the congressional gold medal yesterday.  his coura… 
retweet to spread:  reminder:  will hold a free veterans benefits &amp; employment workshop for our women… 
after working for years on a bipartisan basis to successfully secure for our #californiadairy producers the option… 
yesterday i met w/  leaders to see the progress on the #livingston #communityhealth expansion, which will… 
retweet to spread the word:  notice -- friday at am:  plans on reopening wawona road (highway ) betw… 
saturday's  match was a great time.  it is always nice to see our community come together, &amp; i even joined… 
the  staff's plan proposes a pure #watergrab.  it is a direct threat to the people of the #sanjoaquin… 
to everyone celebrating #eidaladha:  #eidmubarak! may you be blessed with peace, love, and happiness! 
thank you  &amp;  for having me on sunday morning matters to discuss me hosting  … 
retweet to spread:  notice --  will hold a free veterans benefits &amp; employment workshop for our women… 
#healthcenters have their finger on the pulse of community #health needs &amp; play a central role in ensuring access t… 
we in the #sanjoaquin valley know how critical #bees are for our food supply, economy, &amp; way of life.  join me toda… 
looking forward to a great match and cheering on our !  #somoszorros #builtforfresno #hechoparafresno 
i have been fighting the #watergrab proposed by ' amendments to the #baydelta plan, &amp; i will work w/… 
yesterday, my fellow #california members of congress &amp; i sent a strong #bipartisan message to : we ar… 
congrats to  on 's phase  opening!  the transformation is remarkable.  thank you to everyone… 
our political system can no longer be held hostage by partisan politics or extreme ideologies. we must come togethe… 
met w/ some of the dedicated educators at  to discuss strengthening #steam education &amp; increasing opportuniti… 
#smallbusinesses are the backbone of our economy, employ over % of the #ca workforce, &amp; lead in giving back to ou… 
#trade is vital for #california agriculture &amp; our valley economy.  i stood w/ valley #farmers, ,… 
thank you to   for coming to the #sanjoaquin valley &amp; hearing our local #farmers' concerns on… 
partisan gridlock has blocked too many policies from serving the valley &amp; our nation.  we in the… 
#california has some of the most productive #farmland in the world, cultivated by some of the hardest working indiv… 
it was great to join  and  this morning in #modesto to visit paul's farm and hold an… 
el   ahora tiene una solicitud para beneficios de la salud en español. está disponible in centros me… 
the  now has a #veterans health benefits application in spanish.  it’s available at #va medical cent… 
retweet to spread the word:   is offering immunization clinics for uninsured students or students w/… 
yes, we must address imbalanced &amp; unfair #trade.  but these #tariffs are causing an escalating #tradewar that's hur… 
we are blessed in the #sanjoaquin valley w/ many people dedicated to serve. yesterday, i met w/ such individuals at… 
retweet to spread:  #dreamers: you can still apply to renew your #daca. if you meet the requirements for daca renew… 
yesterday i visited a valley grocery store which aims to improve access to affordable healthy food.  as i work on t… 
it was an honor to speak at  #fresno's graduation on friday.  the education &amp; success of #sanjoaquin valley… 
#fresno's th annual #breastfeeding awareness walk was a huge success!  ensuring access to healthy options is vita… 
tomorrow marks 's th birthday.  i was honored to join in today's birthday celebration at  &amp; in tha… 
today in , the house passed the #votingrights act to help ensure every #citizen has a real opportunity to vote.… 
meeting with individuals, groups, and community leaders across the #sanjoaquin valley is a critical part of my job… 
for years i have been working to bring medical professional to the #sanjoaquin valley.  last week we passed a bill… 
yesterday i led fellow ca house members – along w/ rep. jeff denham – in calling on   to work w… 
#smartirrigationmonth ends today, but here are some tips from  for how to #conservewater and use #water wisel… 
building a healthier valley includes improving access to healthy options, such as breastfeeding. thank you to… 
the #uscensus provides information businesses use to decide where to set up shop &amp; invest, determines representatio… 
honored to join mayor medellin, the #madera ministerial assoc., &amp; the madera community at madera community hospital… 
congratulations to ​ deputy da serratto for your  prosecutor of the year award!  your dedication t… 
we came together in the house to pass a #bipartisan bill strengthening career &amp; technical #education (#cte) program… 
we in the #problemsolverscaucus we came together to propose the bipartisan "break the #gridlock" reforms. it's a si… 
it was a great honor &amp; privileged to welcome imam ghazvini as the house's guest chaplain.  beyond serving as a spir… 
yesterday, i met w/ individuals from #serjobs, , &amp;  who serve our #sanjoaquin valley… 
attention - mandatory evacuation for yosemite west  go to  for up-to-date info on the evacua… 
the #uscensus determines #representation in congress, which communities qualify for federal support, and other fact… 
congrats, fred, on your national recognition from ​ for distinguished service to education.  thank you… 
serving our communities is a value many of us share, and it is central in the #sikh community. i was honored to mee… 
i am honored to serve on the #farmbill conference committee so i can continue to fight for the people of the… 
it was an honor to meet with these future leaders from #california who are in d.c. with 's #rlnextgen leaders… 
it's #parksandrecreationmonth, &amp; i encourage all to visit our #parks.  let us remember the #wildfire threat our par… 
. staff's draft plan for the #baydelta will ravage the #sanjoaquin valley, weaken the us’s food secur… 
retweet to spread the word!  to all  undergrads, including our  students:   you can now take… 
we advanced legislation i'm leading which is important for #waterdistricts in #ca’s #sanjoaquin valley &amp; across the…  today, the  and i announced over $. million to the #laredo international airport to make necessary i… 
in a first for #mcmullencounty, i was able to secure $, through #operationstonegarden in continuing my suppor… 
today, i spoke about the #missionreach project, which will provide immeasurable health, recreational, and economic… 
today, i announced the awarding of $. million in federal funding to texas a&amp;m international university. the funds… 
the importance of protecting #naturalhabitats &amp; the economic potential of increased #tourism were major factors in… 
in order to fortify border operations, #webbcounty has been awarded $. million through ’s… 
today, , , ,  and i sent a letter to  requesting … 
in order to support the border patrol agents that protect our district,  is awarding $k through… 
continuing my support for border security, i worked on the homeland security approps subcommittee to secure $ mill… 
in order to fortify #border operations, #hidalgo county has been awarded $. million through ’s… 
i announced the awarding of ’s #safer grant and ’s #lwcf grant for the city of #mission. these… 
access to urban areas and an increased flow of tourist activities are great markers for economic #growth, reasons w… 
today, i announced over $. million in federal funding for  awarded by  through their  gra… 
today, i announced that the webb county volunteer fire department will receive $.m from . this award comes th… 
yesterday, i announced over $k in #federalfunding directed to support atascosa health center’s #healthcare servi… 
 :  reports that the us #deficit will reach $ billion this fiscal year, due to federal borrowing and #taxcuts. read more…
 reports that the us #deficit will reach $ billion this fiscal year, due to federal borrowing and #taxcuts. r… 
yesterday, i spoke at mcmullen community health center’s grand opening ceremony of their new #behavioral health ser… 
 :  released its environmental impact statement for ’s #riograndelng project. this means thousands of jobs wil…
 released its environmental impact statement for ’s #riograndelng project. this means thousands of… 
on monday, i will announce over $k in federal funding directed to support #atascosa health center’s #healthcare… 
on monday, i will speak at #mcmullen community health center’s grand opening ceremony of their new… 
fugitive charged with murder and aggravated assault caught in nuevo laredo after being on the run for  years thank… 
today is the last day to register to vote in texas! don’t miss out on the opportunity to get registered! click here… 
attention students: the federal bureau of investigation (#fbi) will be accepting applications for its  honors i… 
protecting our workers, our businesses and our relationship with our #trade partners is and should always be a prio… 
congratulations to st. philip's college  for being awarded a $, federal grant for their child care acce… 
today,  and i announced a $, grant for south texas college  to help low-income parents atta… 
yesterday, i spoke at  newsmaker series to discuss the value of bipartisanship in our nation, and the impor… 
yesterday i met with executive director aracely garcia-granados, and program analyst jonathan peterson-ruiz from th… 
today i met with the texas automobile dealers association . we discussed tariffs on automobiles, tax… 
i thank the national federation of independent businesses  for presenting me with the ‘guardian of small busin… 
today, i met with president of huntsman advanced materials, scott wright, to discuss potential partnerships between… 
today i announced $ million for improvements and research priorities in biomedical research facilities. texas bio… 
today i was a keynote speaker at the realclearpolitics speaking event to discuss the need of bipartisanship in ener… 
yesterday, i spoke at the international conservation caucus foundation’s u.s. congressional international conservat… 
yesterday, i announced with the sa delegation $ million in federal funding for  to improve bus infrast… 
our democracy is stronger when every american exercises their right to vote. it is not only our civic duty, it is o… 
today, i held a press conference with    , u.s. district ju… 
today, i spoke at the combined law enforcement associations of texas (cleat) annual convention in laredo, where i t… 
i announced with  an award of over $ million in federal funding to . this funding will create a… 
today, i released the following statement on working to protect #agricultural workers through the ag and legal work… 
this week i had the honor of meeting airline pilot christina nikolov. i thank her for flying me to my hometown lare… 
today, i joined  reps. &amp; the  health dept. in announcing $, pillar aimed at decreas… 
read my statement following the arrest a border patrol agent suspected of killing four in laredo here: 
the #budget deficit continues to rise as revenue is being overshadowed by increased #spending and #taxcuts,… 
i worked with  to help secure $ million to be used towards the #corpuschristi ship channel improvem… 
yesterday, i helped secure funding in the fy #minibus that increases the reimbursement of the #missionreach proje… 
i spoke at the  breakfast reception to recognize their leadership in supporting dog programs for di… 
weslaco disaster recovery center will open as a disaster loan outreach center sat, sept . visit… 
yesterday, i spoke at the  and  legislative action summit where i received that spirit of hospitality aw… 
today, governor of tamaulipas  and i joined the  for their #congressionalseries to talk ab… 

looking forward to the success of campaña de seguridad y prosperidad, a partnership between u.s. federal agencies a… 
today, i joined laredo  and  officials in announcing the noise mitigation grant provide… 
today, i spoke at a press conference celebrating ’ designation as a national center of… 
on saturday, my staffer, patrick o'connor, had the honor of meeting heriberto saldivar of laredo, tx at the korean… 
last week, i met with mark and mary kay liston representing the  to discuss the positive impact of… 
members of uzbekistan’s parliament visited my office today to explore exciting developments affecting their country… 
vice president donovan burton, director of legislative affairs dan crowley, and alex silbey of  joined me in… 
in a meeting today with orbital insight ceo, dr. james crawford, we discussed the capabilities of orbital insight a… 
on august th, i was presented with the #friendoftheamericas award from  during their “building a c… 
yesterday, i met with dr. enrique sanchez cruz of the ministry of agriculture of mexico. we discussed trade and agr… 
yesterday, i had the pleasure to meet with  alumni  to discuss higher education during their cap… 
yesterday, i met with president of  dr. greg fenves , to discuss issues impacting higher educat… 
thank you outreach coord. gilbert lafuente for  yrs of service in my sa office. gilbert is a key member of my sta… 
america’s economy is at its strongest when our workers have the rights &amp; working conditions they deserve. #laborday… 
our offices will be closed tomorrow in observance of labor day. we will reopen tuesday, september . happy #laborday!
follow the below basic cookout tips to stay safe this #laborday weekend! 
the president’s notice of intent to sign a trade agreement with mexico is a welcomed step forward. read more of my… 
instead of blocking opportunities, we must continue to seek long-terms solutions to our current, outdated immigrati… 
productive meetings yesterday in mexico city with mexican businessman carlos slim and commissioner .… 
 : asisto en la #cdmx a la reunión que realiza la alianza del comercio fronterizo y  en la que se entrega u…
san antonio mayor  has declared august th #manuginobiliday and my #sanantonio district staff are jo… 
gracias a mis amigos de  director general lic. armando cesar lopez amador y director en jefe enrique sanch… 
this morning i met with mexican president elect’s chief of staff alfonso romo garza in mexico city to talk about th… 
 out of  incoming members of congress in mexico are women! we need more diversity in legislative bodies at ho… 
currently attending the swearing in ceremony for the incoming #mexico congress. congratulations to incoming congres… 
stats by  show that americans are making less money than they were a year ago. the rise of #inflation has… 
today, i met with federal congressman from nuevo laredo, mx, salvador rosas  to discuss the recent bil… 
i believe that today’s preliminary #nafta deal between the us and mexico is a step in the right direction. read mor… 
america has lost a fighter.  was a war hero and an incredible public servant, who always bravely stoo… 
join us this sunday, august  at :pm for a library of congress book giveaway at the  located inside… 
how does #nafta impact louisiana? mexico is the largest buyer of u.s. oil shipments leaving the state's busy ports.… 
how does #nafta impact washington state? ontario is a primary supplier of landing gear for the boeing planes that a… 
how does #nafta impact michigan? the u.s. chamber of commerce says it would be the hardest hit if the country withd… 
how does #nafta impact colorado? baja brewing company, a mexican beer brand, sources its grain from great western m… 
how does #nafta impact kansas?  two-thirds of exported soybeans and more than  percent of exported corn goes to m… 
how does #nafta impact nm?  the state exports nearly three times as much as it imports from mexico, it does purchas… 
how does #nafta impact california? more than ,, jobs depend on trade with canada, the most for any u.s. stat… 
how does #nafta impact mississippi? while  percent of the state’s exported primary metals go to mexico, mississip… 
how does #nafta impact arizona? the state's largest export market is neighboring mexico, which receives a third of… 
changing the rules of automotive trade between #nafta members will drastically alter #investment decisions and… 
¿cómo afecta el #tlcan a texas? cerca de un millón de empleos en texas están en riesgo si estados unidos se retira… 
how does #nafta impact texas? nearly one million texas jobs are at risk if the u.s. withdraws from nafta, according… 
congressman boswell was an exceptional father, leader, &amp; veteran. he represented the people of iowa greatly and wil… 
yesterday, i visited facebook headquarters in california where i learned more about the company and their policies… 
 has left us with a lasting legacy that will live on for ages. we will always remember her joy, her… 
today i announced a $.m  award that i helped secure for the const. of a new us courthouse in sa. thanks t… 
security clearances should be based on preserving access to our most senior national security experts, not politics… 
happy rd birthday !
today, i announced $ million in federal funds for two district court programs in laredo. the  court at… 
between us three henrys (l to r: cisneros, cuellar, &amp; bonilla) we have proudly given nearly  years of service to… 
i am deeply saddened by the passing of tom frost. i knew him as an outstanding business leader in san antonio. his… 
today, we mourn the loss of a.r. “babe” schwartz, who served galveston and our state proudly. i thank him for his h… 
facebook live: right now i’m with the city of laredo to announce over $. million for new cargo runway expansion a… 
today, i announced more than $. million to  &amp; . gchc delivers primary health care for commun… 
it is inappropriate for anyone who is the subject of an investigation to end the investigation before it is conclud… 
reminder: join us tomorrow to learn more about financing opportunities for your business during our access to capit… 
today,  &amp; i hosted 'access to capital', an event to help business owners of lasalle, webb &amp; zapata counti… 
representatives from  and  visited my mission district office to give an update on their efforts in pro… 
the reality? major stores across the u.s. are closing, and fast. that number has skyrocketed to , and that’s ju… 
yesterday, i discussed practices in education system that affect the students, families, and the local community of… 
yesterday, i celebrated with laredo border patrol youth of the year recipient camila sanmiguel and her mother maria… 
free legal aid is now available at all  disaster recovery centers in hidalgo county. attorneys are assisting survi… 
visit  to learn more about our upcoming ‘access to capital’ event hosted in conjunction with… 
disaster survivors from  and cameron county who are repairing their homes after the severe storms of… 
yesterday, i spoke on the house floor in support on h.r.  regarding the officers and personnel of . i do… 
yesterday, i helped pass the defending economic livelihoods and threatened animals act, on the . this bi… 
yesterday, i had a productive discussion today with , , and bryce white from  about… 
yesterday, i discussed the relationship between  prime and small business owners with  public policy… 
yesterday, i discussed the defense ties that exist between the united states and the state of qatar with… 
read my statement on president trump’s meeting with vladimir putin in helsinki here: 
fema disaster recovery center opening in hidalgo county on july  from -pm.  center will be located at mcallen c… 
last week, i helped pass the unfunded mandates information and transparency act of  on the . this bi… 
let’s move beyond playing defense at the -yard line at the border. read my op-ed in  that explains how we can… 
read my statement on the cole amendment, which takes the practical step of closing a major immigration loophole by… 
i fought to secure provisions in the fy labor, health, and education approps bill addressing the unification of i… 
yesterday, i included language in the fy labor, health and human services, education, and related agencies approp… 
late in the midnight hour working in the house appropriations committee 
the  lower rgv district is participating in a joint effort with  and the state of texas on physical dam… 
congratulations to brett kavanaugh on his nomination as the next supreme court justice. 
dhs reports the southwest border migration numbers are on the decline for one month. compared to may, the june … 
happy independence day! 
our offices will be closed tomorrow in observance of independence day. we will reopen thursday, july . happy th of july #independenceday!
a message from our founding fathers… give me liberty or give me death... just don't give me food poisoning this… 
major auto companies speak up on the % import tariffs the trump administration wants to add on automobiles. this… 
slapping tariffs on our trade partners is bad business for the u.s. for an interactive map that shows the impact of… 
today, i released the following statement regarding the mexican presidency election results. 
i met with president and ceo of qatar petroleum saad sherida al-kaabi to discuss bilateral energy co-operation betw… 
want an accurate update regarding cbp, ice, and the hhs office of refugee resettlement? click here: 
this is what a hero looks like  
 is in urgent need of volunteers, monetary donations and specific food donations at this time.     visi… 
yesterday, i met with carter smith, executive director  in austin, to discuss preserving bentsen-rio grand… 
yesterday, i met with the american chamber of commerce in india to discuss concerns regarding trade, tariffs, and d… 
yesterday, i met with leo gomez, president and ceo of brooks in south san antonio, to discuss the construction of a… 
yesterday, i met with united states secretary of energy  to discuss topics pertaining to energy issu… 
today, i sent a letter to  urging him to visit the us-mexico border and to #keepfamiliestogether. r… 
 : thank you to these outstanding bipartisan members of congress for your advocacy in securing a joint employer safe harbo…
i held a press conference today for rio grande valley media partners to provide them with an update on immigrant fa… 

yesterday, i helped secure millions in the u.s. house of representative’s fiscal year  defense appropriations b… 
this week, i will be welcoming the rio grande valley delegation in washington d.c during their nd annual rgvdc vi… 
 : this week, i am honored to welcome  community leaders and stakeholders from rgv for the nd annual rgvdc fly-in with …
after conferring with democratic leadership and receiving their commitment to help me fight the border wall, i just… 
yesterday, i recognized laredo students gabe acosta &amp; andie martinez for their appointment to the .… 
a few weeks ago i joined a delegation from the us to meet with the honorable pm of   and… 
today, i announced $. million in federal reimbursement towards the mission reach project, that was included in t… 
today, i met with my friend  to talk about our efforts to continue building bridges between the us… 
 : me reuní con mi gran amigo  y coincidimos en nuestro propósito de seguir construyendo puentes para el progr…
 : . on trade following president trump’s participation in the g summit: if we start slapping tariffs on our frien…
 : .: “the president’s decision to impose steel &amp; aluminum tariffs on key trading partners will harm relations with ou…
stay by your phones! today, june th at  pm cst, i will be hosting a live teletown hall with financial aid experts… 
reminder: calling all ranchers and cattle owners in webb county to join us today june  to learn about the emergenc… 
calling all ranchers and cattle owners in webb county to join us tomorrow june  to learn about the emergency lives… 
today:  calling on all ranchers and farmers in starr, hidalgo, and zapata counties to join us to learn about the em… 

today, i met with governor carlos hisa and samantha villarreal of ysleta del sur pueblo to discuss texas tribal iss… 
today, my staffer patrick o’connor met students from laredo affiliated with  to discuss congress, policy… 
today, i was happy to meet with the ambassador of united arab emirates, yousef al otaiba and hagir h. elawad to dis… 
yesterday, i spoke at the  lois pope k- medal of courage awards ceremony. as co-chair of the congre… 
this week, i met with the national air traffic controllers association  to discuss the federal employee retir… 
i introduced an amendment during the cjs approps committee markup for fy that would prohibit the use of funds fro… 
today, sa mayor  and i announced that the sa will receive a $. million federal investment for fisca… 
on wednesday i met with the association of energy service companies to discuss the texas oil and gas industry and n… 
i held a constructive meeting with canada-us inter-parliamentary group to discuss u.s.-canadian relations. 
on wednesday, i met with texas society of anesthesiologists to discuss national drug shortage and the opioid crisis… 
i met with  to discuss new tax law, national flood insurance program, residential real estate finance, f… 
on wednesday, i held a productive meeting with ray sullivan and jimmy glotfelty of  to discuss texa… 
on wednesday, i met with  president &amp; ceo josh bolten and v.p. william miller to discuss ways to stre… 
my heart goes out to the victims of the santa fe high school shooting and their families. our children deserve to l… 
today, i announced over $ million in federal funds to help u.s. citrus growers, secured in the fy ag appropria… 
reminder: calling on all business and restaurant owners in the san antonio area! join us for dhs image and i- work… 
today, i helped include $. million and language in the fy ag appropriations bill for the  cattle he… 
today, i helped include $ million in funding in the u.s. house of representatives’ fy energy and water appropri… 
last week, i toured the new facilities of randolph high school in universal city, tx with randolph field superinten… 
on friday, i recognized joel weber and monty lopez for their appointment to the u.s. air force academy and military… 

congratulations to liberty garcia, a student at vidal m. trevino school of communication and fine arts in laredo, f… 
calling on all business and restaurant owners in the san antonio! join us for dhs image and i- workshop next thurs… 
yesterday, i met with the members of the  to discuss finding the proper balance of regulation and fr… 
today i met with department of state, bureau of western hemisphere affairs deputy assistant secretary, john s. crea… 
this week, i met with  national council members deborah rudy and richard rudy to discuss issues concerning is… 
this week, i introduced an amendment to prohibit the use of military construction funds to build a border wall in t… 
reminder: today, the  is hosting a free webinar for world trade month at : pm cdt ! read more her… 
today: calling on all business and restaurant owners in the rio grande valley! join us for dhs image and i- worksh… 
this weekend my staffers nina andrews and patrick o'connor presented certificates of congressional recognition to t… 
reminder: calling on all business and restaurant owners in the rio grande valley! join us for dhs image and i- wor… 
calling on all business and restaurant owners in the rio grande valley! join us for dhs image and i- workshop next… 
join now!  is offering a series of special topic webinars on how to compete for build transportation grants o…  mr. president, amending any part of the constitution by executive order puts every part of the constitution at risk… 
just as voices of discord cannot mute a chorus of harmony, weeds of hate will never rise above flowers of love.… 
our empathies and condolences go to the victims of the #synagogueshooting as well as their families and friends. we… 
on the th day of #earlyvoting, we are celebrating the diversity of houston at the alief international parade as we… 
on the rd day of #earlyvoting, our country is in a state of alarming apprehension due to the #bombthreat. this is… 
 : houston democrat al green, threatened after calling for trump's impeachment, says he hopes today's bomb threats "will be a r…
we can either defeat or impeach an unfit president. #impeachmentisnotdead #midtermelections
change happens when you #vote. don't wait! early voting starts today in #texas and continues until november . cont… 
mr. president, you have previously intimated that the press is the enemy of the people, and on yesterday, you prais… 
if president trump compared persons of any ethnicity or religion to termites, i would call that statement bigoted.… 
just as we fought to eliminate poll taxes and literacy tests, which prevented african-americans from voting, we mus… 
it's a dangerous time for journalists, from #austintice to #jamalkhashoggi. we must ensure that an independent inve… 
#todayintx and all across the state of texas, it is the last day to register to vote. the midterm elections are s… 
today, we recognize #indigenouspeoplesday in honor of those who predate the arrival of others in what we now know as the americas.
mr. president, children are still separated from their parents because of your bigoted border separation policy. th… 
mr. president, you don't have to believe dr. ford to respect her. mocking her for laughs is more than criticism, it… 
the federal government provides millions in funding for several initiatives across the nation to help keep neighbor… 
#todayintx i salute dr. james p. allison on his joint win of the #nobelprize in medicine for his groundbreaki… 
if we delayed merrick garland indefinitely, then we can delay brett kavanugh temporarily. the senate’s decision wil… 
as an imperfect voter, i am reminded that the right to vote was not always available to all americans. in honor of… 
mr. president, the justice department and its employees are independent watchdogs for the people not dependent lapd… 
mr. president, you are imminently correct. you don’t have an attorney general. the united states of america has an… 
happy #yomkippur to the jewish community in my district, across this great nation, and throughout the world. i am w… 
before disasters, we send encouraging words to those who may be affected. after disasters, we must take action &amp; he… 
missed the “impeachment: a necessary remedy for bigotry in policy” session w/ dr. allan lichtman &amp; attorney ron fei… 
please join me today at : pm et in room a at washington convention center for “impeachment: a necessary remed… 
today, the ethiopian community celebrates its new year. i trust that it will be a prosperous and joyous one. happy enkutatash!
today commemorates the th anniversary of one of our nation’s greatest tragedies, #septemberth. after this disas… 
happy rosh hashanah to the jewish community in my district, across this great nation, and throughout the world. i h… 
 : .: "the cbc believes that, if confirmed, judge kavanaugh’s views on voting rights, policing, and executive pow…
if the #nytimesoped is true, it only confirms what we already know: there is a crisis in the white house and… 
 : we cannot depend on an unjust process to produce just results. #rejectkavanaugh #considermerrickgarland
we cannot depend on an unjust process to produce just results. #rejectkavanaugh #considermerrickgarland
what we have long recognized, others are starting to acknowledge: an unfit president should be impeached.… 
one of the best ways to protect the rights of workers is to protect their right to unionize.  unions provide a safe… 
celebrating my birthday with friends of labor! 
because character counts, you will be remembered. #ripmccain
for the love of country, we must get beyond the president’s bigotry being a talking point and make it an action ite… 
catch me live on the bill press show in just a few minutes! 
please watch my press conference regarding the bigoted comments made by . 
the refusal and failure of congress to act on pending public safety gun legislation is more than shameful, it is a… 
we have lost a legendary political leader, public servant, and family man. i extend my heartfelt prayers &amp; condolen… 
a year ago, #hurricaneharvey wreaked havoc on the city of houston, dumping over  trillion gallons of water on the… 
#todayintx we’re kicking off the new school year with #free health, dental, &amp; vision screenings, mammograms, info… 
join me tomorrow at the “green light to healthy living” health fair from am to pm  hs located at … 
 : "we need to move forward with impeachment because of the harm the president is currently doing to our society...at some p…
whether we like it, want it, or oppose it, the november election will be about impeachment. #countdowntoimpeachment #impeachmentisnotdead
"where there is a will, there is a way." the framers of the constitution provided impeachment as the way to remove… 
kofi annan was the epitome of what it means to be a voice for the voiceless. even with his many accolades &amp; achieve… 
r e s p e c t that's what #aretha means to me. the queen of soul was more than a great songstress and a civil right… 
#todayintx i visited a childcare detention facility in my district with my colleagues  … 
six years ago, my constituent #austintice, a marine veteran &amp; freelance journalist, disappeared in syria. while his… 
the president’s negative tweet about the nfl players protesting and his failure to tweet about the kkk and other wh… 
if we love our country, we must address this blatant level of bigotry emanating from the presidency and permeating… 
with the current controversy surrounding the exposed #nunestapes, the st anniversary of the charlottesville rally,… 
separating children from their families was not the policy of the aclu. reuniting children with their families is n… 
as we observe #vra, we must carry the torch ignited to decimate voter suppression. scotus has invalidated key… 
#todayintx the alief community provided free health screenings and school supplies to children that live and atte… 
alliance and la rosa cohosted their th annual health fair &amp; business expo. nearly , students from over  sc… 
#todayintx, hcc central south hosted its inaugural back to school backpack party, bringing former professional at… 
today i am proud to finally meet and welcome  home to the ninth congressional district of texas! it ha… 
today, i joined my friends &amp; colleagues at the launch of the smart justice speakers bureau, which aims to form a ro… 
the old saying goes, "if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen!" the proverbial heat in the white house… 
yesterday, i celebrated health awareness in tx- with the christopher pichon ii &amp; ibn sina foundations. both found… 
the court has spoken on trump’s horrible policy designed to separate latino children from their parents. however, t… 
i am proud to honor one of my longtime friends &amp; former colleagues judge armando rodriguez as he celebrates his t… 
today, i am honored to stand in solidarity with women everywhere as congress reintroduces the violence against wome… 
in defense of liberty and justice for all, #impeachmentisnotdead. 
a long fabricated letter explaining why his son, son-in-law, &amp; campaign manager met w/ a russian operative; refused… 
think about it! our president, whose campaign is under investigation for russia's unlawful interference in our elec… 
i would also like to thank my congressional house and senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle, us secretary of… 
today, hard work was rewarded and prayers were answered. william nguyen is coming home with his family after being… 
 : bemoaning the president's harm to society and high misdeeds is not enough. article , section  of the u.s. constitution wa…
when a president puts democracy at risk and endangers the republic, there is but one solution prior to an election,… 
bemoaning the president's harm to society and high misdeeds is not enough. article , section  of the u.s. constit… 
#impeachmentisnotdead 
 : congressman  talks policy, change and voting rights  with naacp conferencegoers and at the th national convention.…
it’s not enough for things to be right, they must also look right. separating children from their parents, who mean… 
. where is your moral compass? you have separated children from their parents, indeed babies from t… 
. your policy of separating children from parents without a plan for reunification will haunt you f… 
republican #scotus appointees roberts, thomas, alito, &amp; gorsuch are members of the federalist society. so are all … 
within a -day period, america celebrates  historic holidays: freedom day on #juneteenth &amp; #independenceday on th… 
mr. president, diversity in higher education is about giving persons who have been denied access the opportunity to… 
i’m at the border to look into the humanitarian crisis created by president trump. more to come. #familiesbelongtogether
gun violence cases all have one thing in common: a gun. thoughts &amp; prayers are not enough. congress must act now. #marylandshooting
any assault on any #journalist is an assault on the freedom of the press. a free people must have a free press. #marylandshooting
the raid of #stonewall inn  years ago today sparked a -day riot that ignited the us lgbtq rights movement. to co… 
where was the outrage from republicans when the president was advocating  police brutality and complimenting the bi… 
today america mourns the continual loss of humanity &amp; equality since  took office. the trump v. haw… 
today i celebrate the lgbtqia+ community as an ally &amp; strong supporter of liberty and justice for all. #pridehouston 
mr. president, you terrorized children with the family separation policy knowing the solution was in your hands. yo… 
 : we are gathering for a press conference at the house triangle right now with the members and children who joined us on th…
 : rep ⁦⁩ joins ⁦⁩ and ⁦⁩ in speaking out against president trump’s policy.  #families…
mr. otting, discrimination &amp; economic disparity exist regardless of whether you've observed them during your  yea… 
several members of congress &amp; i marched with  to customs &amp; border patrol hq to protest the separation… 
this administration’s cruel immigration policies have been tearing families apart for too long. the barbaric practi… 
mr. president, geopolitically speaking, those who sacrifice their tried &amp; true friends for untried, new friends may… 
we march to honor the millions of women veterans in america. we march to show how far women have come as the fastes… 
mr. president, a pardon won’t bring back the countless minorities who make up % of unarmed persons killed by poli… 
mr. president, we have a duty &amp; an obligation to protest injustice when we see it. peaceful protest is a right of a… 
today, several witnesses before the house financial services committee blatantly denied the existence of invidious… 
mr. president, you've shown us that you believe you have absolute power. america is not a monarchy. i introduced hj… 
today we #wearorange to bring awareness to the  americans who die everyday due to gun violence and the hundreds w… 
with record numbers of white nationalists running for office, america cannot allow bigotry to further invade capito… 
to whom it may concern, your efforts to suppress the legitimate impeachment of an unfit president are impacting the… 
if bigotry is justifiable grounds for firing #roseannebarr, then surely the same should apply to the president. we… 
. &amp; i are fighting the good fight. we, along with millions of others, are committed to the impeachment of… 
mr. president, take the time now to take heed to what i previously indicated to you in my march th tweet. you sti… 
 : . bring the gun safety bills we have pending to the floor of the house for a vote. the american people need sol…
. bring the gun safety bills we have pending to the floor of the house for a vote. the american people… 
 : talking tough is not enough, it's time to walk tough talk to the floor of congress and vote. #santafehighschool #actionnott…
talking tough is not enough, it's time to walk tough talk to the floor of congress and vote. #santafehighschool #actionnottalk
one year and one day after i called for impeachment on the floor of the house of representatives, my position is st… 
 : my thanks to  for inviting me to share with the committee my experiences and recommendations as we continue to…
although the president has the might to impose his bigotry into our policies, his might won't make his wrongs right… 
today marks the first day of islam's holiest month. ramadan mubarak to all who celebrate. i wish you well as you be… 
mr. president, as the first lady makes her recovery, she, you, and the rest of your family are in my prayers. godspeed.
please join me at am cst for a live press conference as i respond to leader pelosi’s comments regarding impeachme… 
congratulations 🚀 for reaching the western conference finals! best of luck against the golden state warriors! #runasone
in october, i challenged  to identify funding cuts to affordable housing. today i still advocate fo… 
les deseo un feliz cinco de mayo departe de su congresista al green del noveno districto congresional de texas. 
mr. president, you have continuously spewed contradictions. you have a strategy of offering a smorgasbord of lies f… 
mr. president, the constitution does not allow you to fire the person investigating you. permitting such would allo… 
mr. president, your refusal to be interviewed by the special counsel concerning his investigation will not exonerat… 
#internationalworkersday celebrates workplace rights like the  hr workday, paid vacation, &amp; sick leave. it also re… 
mr. president, if you interfere with the mueller investigation in contravention of the constitution, i will file ar… 
today, texas medical center announced groundbreaking plans for #tmc. i look forward to seeing these visionary and… 
 : texas  talks trump and obama at the  nan ministers luncheon during #nanconv 
i extend my sincerest condolences to the bush family as we mourn the loss of #barbarabush. although known for her v… 
today  shared his powerful story of how the justice system failed him, his family, &amp; his community.… 
by any name, the results remain the same. supply side economics by  is a tax scheme for the rich an… 
on this important historical and spiritual day, i want to extend the hand of friendship to our sikh brothers and si… 
today, i opened our fsc oversight hearing with the issues that should have our focus. the concerns of consumer advo… 
dr. king’s untimely demise moved our nation to pass the civil rights act of , which included the fair housing a… 
we cannot stand idly by as our reckless president chooses to wage war in our name, without the consent of congress,… 
i neither support nor approve declarations of war via twitter. the president should bring questions of war before t… 
the fbi raid of michael cohen's office and home already has trump fuming. true to form, the deflector-in-chief is s… 
elected officials &amp; i met w/ the homeland security committee to focus on improving army corps flood control project… 
yesterday i attended #tristianhutchins funeral, the -year-old victim of a senseless drive-by shooting in houston.… 
i will introduce the reentry and reunification act of  in congress to help reunite families of american citizen… 
 : 🔴 #live rep. al green to discuss immigration bill he’s sponsoring to help some deported family members return to the us &gt; https:…
please join me at am cst for a live press conference as i discuss plans to introduce legislation to reunite famil… 
 years ago the monumental and fearless drum major for justice was assassinated. dr. martin luther king, jr. coura… 
once again “the great dealmaker” has become the great deal breaker, abandoning his promises to america and… 
our hearts ache as we mourn the loss of #winniemandela. for decades she was a symbol of resistance to systems of po… 
to all who commemorate the crucifixion and celebrate the resurrection, happy easter! #eastersunday #resurrectionsunday
adding a citizenship question to the #census will discourage participation &amp; promote fear in immigrant communit… 
today we must support youth who are marching for their lives. we cannot allow this to be just a moment in time. it… 
lawyer resigns. national security adviser fired. porn star sued. dow down + points. how does this make america g… 
thank you to local and national law enforcement officers who collaborated to protect the people of #austin.  howeve… 
our hearts &amp; minds are with the victims and affected family members of the bombings in #austin. it is my hope that… 
fake memos. too many dems. comey lying. witch hunt. these are among the many excuses  has used to e… 
i am devastated to hear about the loss of . she was an inspiring force for change, full of strength… 
congrats to my alma mater   for advancing as the th seed with their first ever  tournam… 
i am joining these students on #nationalwalkoutday as we continue to fight gun violence in america. we have been th… 
#rexit is here - sec. tillerson is out. pres. trump continues to make impulsive decisions regarding american diplom… 
president putin, blaming others won't absolve you from russian hacking. #trumprussia
i send my condolences to the victims and loved ones of those affected by the bombings in austin. if you receive any… 
today i join the city of houston as we mourn the loss and celebrate the life of councilman larry green. councilman… 
mr. president, a summit should be a sensible, thoughtful action, not a visceral, thoughtless reaction. diplomats mu… 
if president trump meets w/ president kim jong un as a visceral reaction to a calculated invitation at least  thin… 
on this #internationalwomensday i am inspired by all the incredible women who stand up every day for justice, equal… 
it comes as no surprise that sec. carson is removing key anti-discrimination language from hud’s mission statement… 
. i stand with dreamers in defense of their parents who brought them here. dreamers should not be r… 
it's #electionday, texas! make sure you get out and vote - polls are open from  am -  pm. 
president trump promised to protect #dreamers - instead, he decided to end #daca and has rejected all bipartisan pr… 
$. that is how much money the state department has spent, out of $ million available, to investigate and preven… 

. continues to say one thing in public and another behind closed doors. we just saw it with daca an… 
#holi is an exciting celebration of life, culture, diversity, and color. may you enjoy a bright and joyous spring. happy holi!
we must oppose invidious discrimination against african americans in the financial sector. if this is called playin… 
today the supreme court is hearing arguments on #janusvafscme. we must ensure the rights of workers to organize whi… 
today is the working people's day of action. i will always stand with our unions in the continued fight against tho… 
it is always a pleasure to join the houston livestock show and rodeo for the downtown rodeo parade. it is a celebra… 
 : the food was cooking and everyone was dancing to the great music during the first evening of  #bbqcookoff…
i am inspired and humbled by the resilience and bravery of the young americans stepping up to challenge the status… 
alex van der zwaan makes the th indictment from robert mueller in the #trumprussia investigation. does each new i… 
 : celebrating the official opening of our central south campus with our trustees, college president,  and community l…
during wwii, over , citizens or residents of japanese ancestry were arrested and put into internment camps. t… 
conservatives only want to conserve when democrats are in power, otherwise they wouldn’t have borrowed $. trillio… 
in the past  days the united states has already had  school shootings. when are we going to say enough is enoug… 
, i will always defend your right to freedom of speech even when it’s against me and i hope you will defend… 
 of  hazardous substance superfund sites in areas impacted by hurricane harvey were flooded. these toxic waste… 
i am once again honored to join the michael e. debakey va medical center for their annual national salute to vetera… 
please read the ap story on my trip to el salvador to continue our efforts to bring my constituent, jose escobar, h… 
the #nunesmemo amounts to little more than a document that will mislead the public. having read both memos, i am co… 
. says he stands with harvey victims, he loves us and we will pull through together, however, he ha… 
 : ., , , ,  &amp;  sent a letter to acting  dire…
i extend my heartfelt condolences to the family of the sanitation worker who lost their life in the #amtrak acciden… 
 : coming up:  boycotted the state of the union last night. he says "we are devolving into the normalization o…
 : . on #sotu: "tonight, as a matter of principle and conviction, i will boycott the state of the union to sen…
“we are devolving into the hijacking of justice itself...there is a devolution taking place, and there is a solutio… 
 :  meetign with #dreamers thabk you for your leadership and thank you for being a cchampion for our cause http…
day  of #trumpshutdown. went to a democratic caucus meeting to determine a path forward. still no new emergency fu… 
 : . when you break more deals than you make, you are not a great dealmaker you are a great deal breaker. http…
day two of the #trumpshutdown. for months, democrats were clear on what would need to be included in any spending b… 
the gop refused to work with democrats on a bipartisan budget deal. they are now holding the government hostage, je… 
. when you break more deals than you make, you are not a great dealmaker you are a great deal break… 
this is not what american democracy looks like! unfortunately, this is exactly what trump’s democracy looks like...… 
while waiting to cast my vote to end this #trumpshutdown, my spirit is with . seems like the master…   : #buffalodistrict hosted a planting event &amp; site tour today at the seneca bluffs ecosystem restoration project restoring…
pleased to join the  in welcoming the captain and crew of the 's uss buffalo to the city of bu… 
the seneca bluffs ecosystem restoration project, funded by the glri, will include wetland, floodplain, and aquatic… 
 : today funerals begin for lives lost in pittsburgh.  weeks ago , a local rabbi and i encouraged others…
 : the newest addition to the shoreline trail along rt. in lackawanna is now officially open. it’s the latest improvement desi…
glad to host renee and alex, two constituents from  and  who ran the  y… 
in  to mark completion of phase i of the shoreline trail at the bethlehem steel site, which connects t… 
 : at : i will be joined by , , , and others to officially open the extensio…
 : "i had to do this for the survivors, for the diocese i love, and the church i love. i want not only to be a whistleblow…
this report is a shameful indictment of the 's conduct. he must resign, and the legal process toward… 
our hearts go out to all of pittsburgh and especially to the tree of life synagogue community. our thanks to first… 
it's national prescription drug #takebackday. find your nearest take back site to safely dispose of unwanted or expired prescription drugs.
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day, which provides an opportunity to safely, anonymously dispose… 
 : army corps of engineers will rebuild , feet of seawall at lasalle park 
 : compeer receives federal grants to expand mental health programs     …
a powerful reminder of the virtue displayed by individuals who bravely stand up for what is right and the important… 
 : congressman brian higgins announces two federal grants totaling $,, have been awarded to compeer buffalo, which wi…
joined  today to announce more than $m in grants from  and  that will help ex… 
 : $. million awarded to fix lasalle park seawall 
proud to meet and speak with members of the bctgm , talking about jobs, work and wages here in buffalo and… 
a beautiful tribute to our veterans in the  
$.m in federal funds funds will go toward  reviving our waterfront along lasalle park, the recently… 
government leaders and the media dedicate themselves to providing a public service.  threats to these individuals a… 
 : refugees &amp; immigrants are a core part of the economic development happening in buffalo. they are essential to buffalo's be…
 : -mile trail connecting state parks in #grandisland officially opens    …
 : news: the west river shoreline trail is open. the former two lane hway has been transformed into a vehicle free, multi-us…
. reporter  highlights the work of  and :   "a more equitab… 
 : the family of a world war i veteran receives recognition for several accomplishments from congressman higgins  years later.…
 : bicyclists trying out the new west river shoreline trail 
excited to join assemblyman angelo morinello, grand island supervisor nate mcmurray,  wny dir. mark mi… 
 : nys parks,  and grand island town supervisor  today are officially unveiling the new bike p…
 : state dec says the shutdown of operations at tonawanda coke has been safely completed. gas lines has been completely purged and a…
 : icymi:  has been elected to  -- a lifetime designation considered one of the highest honors in…
reminder to local fire departments:  the assistance to fire grant program grant application deadline is this friday… 
 : looking to take in the fall foliage views?  has some great ideas for scenic routes around buffalo. we would…
 : for more than half a year,  and i have been digging into nursing home operations. this series examines out-o…
 : bill  is off #hardline probation and will co-host sunday -noon on . we open with call to …
 : working on pulling together another edition of #hardline from -noon this sunday on . this week's show wil…
 : federal grants to erie county and wedi aim to expand healthy eating:    
our office will be there as well.  stop by today’s health fair. 
delighted to join community leaders and local residents at this important local forum discussing how we work togeth… 
check out our november congress on your corner dates, including a special veteran outreach at  and vietnam… 
over $, federal  grant awarded to  institute for autism research to examine th… 
 : wedi has been awarded a competitive usda grant to support food systems programming &amp; the bazaar expansion effort.  https:/…
 : if you've sampled the tasty international offerings at , then good news! it will eventually be expanding at…
great questions from future community leaders at  about the legislative process, redistricting, env… 
 : major donation from  aimed at lasalle park improvements.  thoughts from     
honored to receive a score of  on the 's congressional scorecard, and proud to support lgbtq equality in the… 
the second grant, for $,, comes to  from  and will support a senior dining pilot program… 
proud to be at  today announcing two major federal grants. the first, from , grants $, to… 
congratulations to the colored musicians club, newly added to the national and new york state registers of historic… 
yesterday we joined  nurses, doctors and leaders marking the opening of new state-of-the-art cardiac sur… 
joined  and  for the dedication of the niagara branch as the isaias gonzalez-soto branch libr… 
 : family of world war  veteran receives purple heart  
 years later: family of wny world war i veteran receives his purple heart watch : 
high school students and parents are welcome to join us at  at pm today for academy night, an informat… 
 : local wwi veteran posthumously awarded purple heart 
 : infantry private receives medals earned in wwi  years later.  
we were honored to be joined by  buffalo recruiting ctr honor guard &amp; commander randy warren,… 
a century ago, on october , ,  private walter rydzewski was injured during wwi, with wounds that event… 
 years ago today  pvt. walter rydzewski was wounded in battle during wwi.  today we present his grandson,… 
 : dec statement on shutdown of tonawanda coke facility: dec to secure site, oversee plant shut down to protect workers and surrou…
 : pj mcparlane dedicated  years of his life to our parks. today, , my partners in govt &amp; i had the privilege…
after years of bad actions by tonawanda coke, the community can finally breathe easier.  read full statement below: 
attn high school students: join us at  on monday at pm for an informational meeting and presentations… 
happening now: satellite office hours until noon at the cheektowaga senior center.  stop by with your questions or… 
today's  announcement of a cola increase of .% for  is good news, but as healthcare &amp; other co… 
talking infrastructure with the wny chapter of the american council of engineering companies this morning. 
 : 'these are not violations on the margin,'  on #tonawandacoke. '...the people whose lives are in danger are…
pleased to announce during #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth a $, federal grant aimed at preventing domestic vi… 
 : in observance of #domesticviolenceawareness month, da flynn, congressman higgins and county executive ⁦⁩…
 : here is ’s statement ahead of today’s hearing with tonawanda coke. the hearing starts at  a.m. …
 : erie county's departments of health and probation are expecting to receive $.m in funding from  &amp; …
 : county and federal officials announce $ million million in grants to battle #opioidcrisis pictured:  ,…
joined  to announce more than $.m in grants to  that will help the county fight the o… 
 : at  pm i will be joined by  in my office to announce  (not  as previously tweeted) new federal grants…
the world looks to the united states for leadership on fighting climate change and preserving our environment. this… 
 : tonawanda coke's fate up in the air as  hearings get underway this week  #tonawandacoke #buf…
condolences go out to the family of former hamburg town supervisor pat hoak.  pat was a longtime friend and a dedic… 
 : "cancer science is now a data-driven science, and computational methods are now a fundamental part of cancer research. fif…
niagara falls takes a stand against #domesticviolence  more :    #livenf #dvam
senate approves -year faa reauthorization passed by the house last week.  the bill now moves to the president's de… 
our office will be available for congress on your corner at the  senior center on friday at am.  c… 
congratulations to #nobelprize winners james p. allison and tasuku honjo whose ground breaking work in immunotherap… 
today the senate will vote on the -year faa reauthorization that maintains passenger protections won by the… 
as we mark #domesticviolenceawareness month we recognize the need to reauthorize the violence against women act, wh… 
pleased to join mayor  and family &amp; children’s service of niagara for the th annual #domesticviolence ribb… 
 : this is a cruel &amp; discriminatory attack on #lgbt foreign diplomats by the trump administration. with only  percent of u…
editorial via : the #greatlakes investment pays off  #glri  
a look at the artist whose work is featured at the  
 : new bike trail in front of the bethlehem steel property between the union ship canal and dona street is coming along nic…
nobody is above the law including .  judge allows our case citing trump violations of the emolument… 
joined  this morning to discuss the administration's failure to include canada, our largest trading par… 
today, america watched very brave and compelling testimony as dr. ford shared her painful account of sexual assault… 
house votes to approve -year faa reauthorization which protects the hard-fought flight safety provisions won by… 
kudos to        and others partners for effor… 
spoke from the house floor today about the success of the #greatlakes restoration initiative, which has helped revi… 
 : #cubaus this new joint venture has been established between the commercial branches of two renowned research centers, namel…
 : new study shows boost in economic activity in communities along the  #greatlakes corridor where great lakes restoration initiativ…
for  years  has led the way in innovative cancer treatment and care benefiting patients around the w… 
flight  have fought tirelessly to #keepflyingsafe, leading to nearly a decade without fatal crashes. d… 
at  today to announce federal grants to  and  towards preventing an… 
. has released a new report detailing the benefits of fed investment in restoring the #greatlakes. in… 
 : another u.s. bishop under fire... after secret files suggest the bishop of buffalo, ny shielded alleged 'predator priests'…
 : we’re excited to announce that we are receiving a $. million  cancer moonshot award! roswell park will serve as…
excited to join  to announce a $.m  grant through former vp 's #cancermoonshot progr… 
 : the #buffalo clerical sex abuse scandal is going national.  of  just aired a detailed look at …
reminder that this evening is our federal fire grant workshop, where we'll help local wny fire departments with app… 
at the  with  to call on congress to remain vigilant in protecting pilot training requireme… 
 : . to hold press conference at buffalo airport today on #faareauth; call on congress, trump admin to uphold e…
 : discover #buffalo's place in history through art, music and fun interactive exhibits when you visit these museums offer…
this #worldalzheimersday, proud to be a cosponsor of the bold act &amp; change act, and will keep working to #endalz
good news: the buffalo  hospital's kids korner, which has been a major success &amp; a national model, i… 
icymi: wny departments are invited to an assistance to firefighters grant workshop on monday / to get info on ho… 
 : “in the darkness there rises a light and that is jericho road - there is no person at the front of the building determi…
 : the outer harbor is one of buffalo's greatest assets and today we announced plans to continue it's revitalization.  $ mi…
 : rinalli: the trail will open by memorial day between terminals a &amp; b. this is a big transformation (% of the outer harb…
 : after decades of sitting vacant we are transforming buffalo's waterfront into a unique destination for residents and vis…
since , nearly $m in federal, state, nypa, and local funding has been invested in the outer harbor, which fe… 
progress continues in making buffalo's outer harbor a unique public waterfront experience. joined today by local le… 
buffalo is a city that looks after its neighbors, looking forward to joining the  to mark the next chap… 
$.m  grant combined with $m in fed and state funds will be invested in  wny trails, gateway… 
 : please retweet: an estimated  in  women will develop breast cancer over the course of her lifetime, and while there’s inc…
pleased to see tonawanda coke held accountable by a federal judge today for consistently acting in defiance of the… 
 : tonawanda coke guilty of violating probation.
joined , avi israel of , , , and  commissioner dr. gale burnstei… 
 : the bailey avenue bridges, which cross the buffalo river and cazenovia river, were recently demolished. the new ones, bui…
 : weinheimer said his visual observations over a four day period last month found tonawanda coke's opacity emissions were…
in buffalo, ny #otd in  president william mckinley died after being shot while attending the pan-am exposition… 
 : . helped arrange more than $ million in trail, park and playground improvements in #niagarafalls this year a…
judge hands tonawanda coke another setback read via  
 : congressman brian higgins has announced that $,, in federal funding will go to buffalo niagara international airport…
today the  is marking up and considering the disastrous #goptaxscam .. the reckless actions by the… 
proud to be an original member, along with over  colleagues, of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus. strengthening… 
kudos to 's administration for this additional effort on behalf of residents 
      we share your concern, advoc… 
more clear and compelling evidence that  knowingly deceived his flock. he must resign as leader of t… 
 : more cit training for police to interact with those in mental health crisis   …
proud to stand with niagara falls bravest to pay tribute to those who lost their lives  year ago on -… 
the town of amherst paid tribute to the / fallen at a ceremony of remembrance at memorial hill grove #neverforget 
in niagara falls this morning for a solemn ceremony on the th anniversary of the moment the south tower collapsed… 
 : #neverforget! the american flag 🇺🇸is unfurled on the west side of the pentagon near the #memorial at sunrise in honor of tho…
 years ago  began crisis intervention training for local police, today it is a national model. … 
actions today by u.s. judge skretny, to set a tonawanda coke probation violation hearing for this friday, demonstra… 
an engaged group of citizens has led the fight to protect our community against the bad actions of tonawanda coke f… 
 : #breaking- judge sets probation violation hearing for friday morning for tonawanda coke. 
 : at : i will join  and the members of the city of tonawanda police department to announce new crisis…
 : #nmtcs and #htcs are contributing to buffalo’s revitalization as phase  of  has placed in service. phase  feature…
being in our community provides urgent reminders of what we are sent to washington to do.  here's a look at some of… 
 : i-team: buffalo a likely focus of ag's probe of catholic church   …
victims and survivors of clergy sex abuse need justice served. pleased to see  underwood will conduc… 
responses from the  &amp;  to our letter calling for no leniency for tonawanda coke.  thanks to both… 
officials fired up after firefighters hindered at tonawanda coke via : 
pleased to join  society for an event last night in washington. if america doesn’t lead on cancer r… 
before the aca, insurance companies could deny coverage to patients with childhood cancer. they can't do that anymo… 
tonawanda coke has a long history of erratic corporate behavior.  it is time to put an end to their reckless action… 
         proud to s… 
 : city of tonawanda fire dept. gets $k in federal firefighting grant: 
 : higgins: tonawanda coke has been in violation for five years. everything they say is suspect. i'm urging federal and stat…
the conversion of st. teresa's school, built in , into the new school lofts  seneca was made possible with the… 
celebrated the grand opening of the school lofts  seneca.  the former school is now  loft apartments that mainta… 
the city of tonawanda fire department answers over , calls a year.  this federal fire grant will allow them to… 
pleased to announce, with mayor rick davis, the city of tonawanda fire department has been awarded $, in high… 
., a tireless advocate defending residents against tonawanda coke’s repeated bad actions, speaks up… 
city of tonawanda mayor rick davis hopes today’s appearance in federal court is the beginning of the end for tonawa… 
tonawanda coke has an obligation to play by the rules.  what happened last night put workers, neighbors and first r… 
this isn’t the first time tonawanda coke blocked access to first responders.  they did the same thing after an expl… 
calling on state and federal agencies to provide no leniency to tonawanda coke #stopthestacks 
#laborday is every day for our brothers and sisters whose work makes our cities and economy run.  the fight for a s… 
wishing  capt. sydney cole a very happy th birthday!  we were honored to present him with military medals… 
tonawanda coke has repeatedly exhibited a blatant disregard for the health and safety of employees and local neighb… 
joined niagara falls legislator owen steed, mayor ,  dalporto and many others for community dialo… 
 : #grandopening - the ribbon has been cut and the western new york welcome center is officially open for business. located al…
beautiful new wny visitor center on grand island features frank lloyd wright-inspired design and food and drink opt… 
excited to attend the grand opening of the brand new western new york welcome center in grand island, which will sh… 
in cheektowaga this morning for a special memorial service dedicated to police officers who lost their lives in the… 
 : since , over $ million in block grant funding has been invested in the town of west seneca. 
the buffalo  decision to shut the doors on a popular and successful veteran rehab program was wrong.… 
 : county executive mark poloncarz and congressman brian higgins are joined by west seneca town supervisor sheila meegan as…
pleased to join  commissioner tim hogues and  ex dir jill horner as we present a special safety… 
the fight to #endalz has no greater champion than our friend nancy swiston, who has used her experience as a caregi… 
joined  &amp;  to announce over $m in federal community block grants that will have repaved… 
 : at : am i will join  and others on benson street in west seneca to discuss the importance of the com…
today's unanimous decision by the itc to reverse the  tariffs on canadian newsprint is a victory for western… 
 : the international trade commission overturned president trump's tariffs on canadian newsprint, saying u.s. paper producers are…
join us, ,  and others for a safety information night at the town of amherst senior center today 
great news for hometown newspapers in wny and nationwide. we've urged the itc and  from the beginning t… 
 : the $. million project will bring drivers back down main street into the waterfront area, closer to canalside. http…
correcting the  system of protecting predatory priests starts with acknowledging the severity of the… 
. writes: “bishop malone has lost his way, as well as his credibility, in his handling of abuse alle… 
pleased to take some time to interview with judge penny wolfgang for her on target radio program, talking about loc… 
the news that the death toll from hurricane maria has reached nearly , shows us that the federal government's r… 
a look back at how the  began 
 : #onthisday in , dr. king stood atop the steps of the lincoln memorial and delivered his famed “i have a dream” speech. h…
seniors and caregivers are invited to a special safety information night at the amherst senior center on wednesday: 
 : tonawanda coke is being hauled back into federal court and is appealing a separate ruling by the dec. local leaders say th…
 : the fourth phase of downtown buffalo’s cars sharing main street project is now underway. the new $. million project e…
the buffalo  move to kick our veterans out of a program that works well, providing rehab and camarad… 
congrats to our friends, members of the military order of the purple heart chapter , who were honored at the… 
 : work continues on the $.m lower main street project to return cars to main street. construction will take about  mon… this evening, i spoke at the dedication ceremony for the new legion park in #summit, which features a #veterans mem… 
wonderful turnout this afternoon in #chicago at the annual th ward senior #halloween luncheon. special thanks to… 
the opening of the  #orangeline  years ago forever changed commuting on the southwest side and facilitated th… 
 : orange you glad you can take the #orangeline to mdw? today we’re celebrating the th anniversary of the  #orangeline w…
a busy day crisscrossing the district continued at the th anniversary celebration for st. james at sag bridge ca… 
the beautiful new performing arts center at  demonstrates the dedication of the board, faculty, administr… 
being at st. richard in #archerheights brings back good memories of being at archer park almost  years ago when b… 
the tragedy in pa is a painful reminder of what hate can lead to. the hateful rhetoric needs to end. the demonizati… 
following on today’s hearing re: health threat posed by eto from #sterigenics, i reiterate my request to  initi… 
joined with area leaders today for a ribbon cutting ceremony for the opening of #westernsprings new train platform.… 
stopped by #cicero town hall yesterday to congratulate town president larry dominick and fire chief dominick buscem… 
we can’t afford any more delay, which is why i’m pressuring the  to update the standard as soon as possible.
the epa’s estimate of cancer risk from ethylene oxide recently increased by  times, but the current emissions sta… 
the  was required by law to update its #emissions standard for #ethyleneoxide emissions from commercial sterili… 
 : ranking members   &amp;  wrote a letter of concern () nearly two years a…
i've introduced a #health price transparency bill and i'm pushing for #medicare drug price negotiation, incentivizi… 
the president is talking about drug price issues today. we need to see more action from the administration and cong… 
downed utility line jams up morning commute on metra's troubled bnsf line 
more  delays! accidents happen, but problems seem to never end on this line this year. that's why i'm cal… 
 : we thank  for being a  #fixthedebt fiscal hero. please keep up the good work.
despite recent progress, i continue to hear about problems with trains being cancelled or delayed. i worked to brin… 
following that meeting,  and #bnsf developed a long-term plan to help address and resolve these issues. it is… 
i've called on the surface #transportation board to increase their oversight of the operations of the  li… 
 : regal fritillary butterflies and other #il wildlife in decline can thank  and his support for the recoverin…
 : thank you, , for co-sponsoring the women and #lungcancer research and preventive services act of , h.r.  an…
happy #nationalchemistryweek! this is a time to focus on inspiring the next generation of young #scientists to make… 
good running #weather and a great turnout for hickory hills' annual howl through the hills #k. special thanks to… 
met with employees and customers at a thorntons in #romeoville today. thanks to  and  for p… 
yesterday, i sent a letter to the  demanding that they conduct their #airquality testing as soon as possible. p… 
after requests from me and others, the  promised to conduct air monitoring in the neighborhoods around… 
the state’s $. million contribution comes from the highway freight program which i helped create in the last fed… 
joined with officials from the , , village of justice, and #cookcounty this morning to anno… 
 : two pilots are essential in the cockpit. thank you . for protecting aviation safety and passing a #faareauthorizat…
 : hurry! you have until noon est to win a chance to showcase your app in washington d.c. #congresscs #stem #tech http…
fantastic turnout for today’s #getbehindthevest pancake breakfast at st. dan's in #chicago. it’s great to see the a… 
spent time today with more than  #seniors at toyota park at the #bridgeview senior luncheon. they had some great… 
 : we thank  ,  ,  , and   for introducing a resolution designating this…
i've joined a letter to the #saudi ambassador regarding the disappearance of #jamalkhashoggi, a saudi journalist wh… 
world war ii marine finally returns home,  years after his death 
honored to speak today at a special ceremony naming the #summit fire station for the kurcz family. joseph and marga… 
 : #alzheimers is a growing public health threat - thank you  for addressing this issue as  of  bipartisan…
latest  report shows we need to redouble our efforts to slow the global temperature increase to avoid a hum… 
 : . floats $.b plan to keep untreated sewage out of the great lakes.  i'll drink to that -- i think  https://t.c…
 : . floats $. billion plan to keep untreated sewage out of the lake 
 : njasap is privileged to recognize  for his support of our efforts to secure an update to the -year-old rules that…
thank you to all #manufacturers and their employees in the #chicago area and across the country for making our econ… 
this essential report recognizes the industry’s pivotal role in the growth and prosperity of the u.s. #economy and… 
i can’t think of a better time than #nationalmanufacturingday to release a report that i first started working on a… 
this comprehensive report is the direct result of my  bill that was signed into law, the american… 
today, on #nationalmanufacturingday, the  has released the first real strategy to promote american… 
i am hopeful that introducing this legislation in this societal moment, in which we are collectively recognizing th… 
we know that many people are driven away from careers in the sciences by sexual #harassment, and this is unacceptab… 
the stories we hear all too often about sexual #harassment across different workplaces, industries, and seemingly i… 
cosponsoring the combating sexual harassment in #science act, which expands efforts to better understand the causes… 
 : thank you to all who helped make this possible!! a special thanks to  and   for their support and…
i have introduced a bill that will improve #waterquality in the #greatlakes basin by working with wastewater treatm… 
this afternoon, i joined with the students of  in #lagrange to celebrate the school being one of the… 
pillars community health center in #lagrange has been awarded a $, grant through  to expand access to… 
 : a great day for #cleanair at airports! many thanks to   for championing this! 
with the #health and #safety of their families at stake, all area residents should be able to review this critical… 
i also requested that the #atsdr work with the epa to produce a non-technical summary of the new assessment to be r… 
today i sent a letter to the #atsdr, who produced an earlier assessment showing elevated risk, asking them to do a… 
while i’m glad the  has responded to my request and committed to a new round of air testing around the… 
 : thank you, , for passing a strong, long-term faa bill.  flight attendants everywhere are ch…
 : congress needs a new committee dedicated to broad congressional reforms to rebuild public confidence + restore individual me…
 : for too long, partisan games have blocked bipartisan legislation that could pass the house if given a vote. that’s why w…
 : infographic: cyber safety starts at home – use these easy to implement tips this #cyberaware month!  #keepacleanmachin…
this key #create project will not only improve  and  service and alleviate blocked rail crossings, it… 
this morning, i joined with local and state officials to break ground on the th street corridor improvement proje… 
 : secretary elaine l. chao is joined by     and other officials to announce a $…
 : "this program is about bringing people together to improve things for people in this community." –  #ths…
 :  #alzheimers funding has more than quadrupled since  - thank you for your support of a $ m increase i…
today, hundreds of us walked in #orlandpark to continue the progress. thank you to everyone who participated, donat… 
good news yesterday as hard work paid off and a big increase in federal research funding for #alzheimers became law… 
honored to speak at the #walkendalz in #orlandpark this morning. at home and in #washingtondc, i’m willing to do w… 
 : thank you  for speaking at our orland park #walkendalz and meeting with our advocates &amp; sponsors this morni…
it's imperative that the  follows up on the results after the testing is completed. if the tests show that eith… 
i’m glad the  has responded to the letter i sent them last week and agreed to do more extensive testing in the… 
 : thank you to  for your hard work on the #faareauthorization! thank you for all you did to keep two fully-trained…
 : thank you  for helping pts navigate a #cancer diagnosis by cosponsoring the cancer care planning and commun…
if approved, #manufacturers and others will be able to use the site to identify contract opportunities and hold fed… 
the legislation directs the general services administration to establish a website to collect and display informati… 
i have introduced the  act, which helps ensure that federal agencies follow #buyamerican law… 
enjoyed meeting with leaders from chicago-based  today. in washington to attend a legislative summit, th… 
 : . as a professional #pilot and  member, i thank you! for your support. passage of the #faa reauthor…
the five-year reauthorization of the #faa approved by the house today also includes my amendment authorizing fundin… 
the bill continues investment in the nation’s airports and aviation facilities – albeit not as much as i would like… 
the house has passed a -year reauthorization of the faa. this bill is a compromise so it's far from perfect, but i… 
 : we urge members to join the effort to create the joint committee on the organization of congress, sponsored by  an…
 : ,  and  recognizing the importance of the rail supply industry. new report hig…
it's a good first step, but #congress should pass my airline consumer protection act to give passengers more rights!
another #airline computer failure and tens of thousands of passengers disrupted. today the house will pass an #faa… 
 :  highlights the importance of the rail supply industry to the economy, over $b of revenue in #illinois last year,…
 :  &amp;  are sharing updates on the work of the problem solvers caucus, a group of representatives dedicated t…
 : we are excited to announce a new partnership with  to enhance workforce development and diversity in #stem: …
the health, safety, and overall quality of life of the large population of people that live, work, and go to school… 
that’s why i’m asking the  to take action now to assess the degree of the health risk and shut down the facilit… 
although #sterigenics has followed state and federal laws, we now know that these laws are insufficient to protect… 
looking at the map showing the increased cancer risks faced by people who live around this plant not only in… 
in a new letter to , i'm calling for immediate action by the agency to demonstrate that the emissions f… 
i am urging the  to take additional steps to address public health concerns stemming from emissions of… 
the  has awarded the  a $ million federal grant to help with phase one of the red and purple line mode… 
the puthusseril family, who owns and operates this truck stop, has put in amazing facilities for #truckdrivers who… 
celebrated driver appreciation day with the national association of truck stop operators this morning at the greate… 
with changing buying habits, #truckdrivers and distribution facility #workers have become an even more important pa… 
i enjoyed meeting with employees today at the  #distribution facility in #lockport. the , square foot pac… 
 : say hello to the  #cultureofhealthprize winners. in their own way, each winning community is leading the way in helping each…
the deadline is approaching fast for students to participate in the  , a competition designed t… 
 in #paloshills has been awarded a $, federal grant through the . the school will use the f… 
today is #constitutionday, marking the day  years ago that our #constitution was completed and signed. on this d… 
judy and i ran the #midwayk this morning to help raise money for . thanks to everyone who contribu… 
veterans in crisis or having thoughts of suicide — and those who know a veteran in crisis — can call the #veterans… 
talking with a #veteran about #mentalhealth may be challenging, but the  is encouraging everyone to… 
that effort must include #congress, and for my part, i’m proud to be a cosponsor of the code like a girl act and to… 
the  #shecanstem campaign is a fantastic effort to show girls how great careers in #stem fields can be. w… 
the house has passed the final version of #wrda, which contains a number of key provisions i authored that will hel… 
this week’s announcement shows that the trump  will stop at nothing to roll back sound environmental policy.
fixing #methane leaks is #commonsense policy that results in companies having more gas to sell and u.s. #taxpayers… 
the  has announced that it plans to roll back its rules on #methane leaks from oil and gas production. the rela… 
honored to speak this morning at a #septemberth remembrance ceremony in #oaklawn. thanks to everyone who helped p… 
even when some of our leaders seem to revel in tearing us apart, we should strive to rise above and find that commo… 
thinking today about all the people we lost on this day  years ago, including many brave first responders. also r… 
 : tune in  for our town hall with members of congress this friday, at : a.m. et from knight studio at the n…
 : thanks for a great event,  and ! exciting to see that bipartisanship is still alive in the us…
 : the congressional app challenge is congress' bipartisan effort to promote #computerscience among middle and high schoo…
i have been working together with the homeowners impacted by this matter to get the #chicago department of aviation… 
the #chicago city council’s aviation and finance committees will hold a joint meeting tomorrow night at : at joh… 
big crowd at the annual #westernsprings fire department pancake breakfast. good pancakes and lots of kids enjoying… 
this investment will help to ensure that the airport is operating as safely and efficiently as possible. i will con… 
the  has awarded #midway airport an over $ million grant for various upgrades and repairs, including the ins… 
dr. biedron and her team will use machine learning and #ai to develop accelerator control algorithms that will enab… 
congratulations to third district resident dr. sandra biedron, who was just awarded a department of energy grant to… 
helped senate staff learn more about the successful  #icorps program before they consider my bill to expand it.… 
 :  thank you! some of us depend on the care provided by the animal welfare league. we deserve quality service in cl…
 : tune into 's twitter feed next friday at  a.m. et to watch elected officials tackle the top issues on voter…
 has awarded  a $. million grant – the largest of its kind in #sxu history – to support underser… 
 : today on capitol hill:  prof sudeep sarkar joined university startup leaders to discuss the value of 's…
my bill requiring  to develop resources to help small businesses identify, assess, manage, and reduce… 
despite #bipartisan plans that both protect #dreamers and our nation’s borders, #republican leadership has chosen t… 
one year ago, the trump administration ended the #daca program without a plan in place, putting the future in doubt… 
i stopped by the #burbank fire department to congratulate mayor foy, fire chief gilgenberg, and city clerk szymczak… 
i visited the #lockporttownship fpd to celebrate their $ thousand federal grant from  that will be used t… 
the #bipartisan house #problemsolverscaucus has developed and endorsed a series of reforms to house rules to #breakthegridlock.
this has resulted in a congress that doesn’t work and is frozen in partisan #gridlock, allowing the president and t… 
our #constitution empowered the american people by empowering #congress and their representatives. but congressiona… 
today we honor all the hard-working americans that have built our great nation and the labor movement that has foug… 
the northwest homer fire and ambulance protection district, which serves an area that includes #homerglen,… 
sean has a bright future in front of him and i look forward to continuing to work with him, , and so many othe… 
living with #td for almost  years, i know what funding for care and research can do to improve the… 
we talked about ways to better provide access to affordable #insulin and equipment, protect those with… 
enjoyed meeting with sean, a sutherland elementary eighth grader and  ambassador, and several other constituen… 
 : thank you  for spending time w/ your #il constituents to discuss the impact of #td, &amp; how congress can supp…
the #burbank fd has been awarded an over $ thousand grant through  to help pay for exhaust systems for bo… 
the details of this new agreement are critical and the situation with canada still must be resolved. i look forward… 
as a long-time critic of #nafta, which has cost hundreds of thousands of #middleclass #americans their livelihood,… 
 conveyed that they understand our expectations and are working with bnsf, the operator of the line, to meet… 
earlier today, i talked with  leadership to better understand what went wrong yesterday. but i also raised is… 
 commuters pay for and deserve service they can rely on. like many of you, i am deeply concerned with issues… 
the  will be receiving a grant for $. million to add more electric, zero-emission buses to their fleet. i ad… 
as a navy aviator and pow, he put his life on the line for our freedom and security. in these difficult times, amer… 
i am saddened by the passing of senator john mccain. he dedicated his life to service and sacrifice; a true america… 
 : ten public health and medical orgs agree: ’s proposed replacement for the lifesaving clean power plan “is not just…
the #lockporttownship fire protection district has been awarded an over $ thousand grant through  for new… 
the #cicero fire department has been awarded a nearly $. million grant through  to help with hiring expen… 
excited to announce that  in #paloshills has been awarded a $ thousand grant through the  to e… 
#trump rollback of environmental standards will accelerate #globalwarming, make our children suffer more asthma att… 
it also says that a #specialcounsel must be provided written notice that specifies the reason for removal and that… 
congress needs to take up and pass the special counsel independence and integrity act, h.r. , which states that… 
at this time, it is imperative that the #specialcounsel investigation be allowed to reach its conclusion without in… 
the conviction and guilty plea related to #trump campaign personnel this week is extremely worrisome, but nonethele… 
pleased to announce that  will receive almost $ million from dot for implementation of #ptc, a system that… 
 : happiest of birthdays to #loyolachicago's favorite rambler, sister jean! cheers to  years...and  candles! https://t.…
no matter what directives come from the #whitehouse, i will continue to work to hold the  to its mission to pro… 
while i welcome this investment in maintaining #qualityoflife in our area, i remain concerned about the overall dir… 
pleased to announce that the  has provided #cookcounty with over $, to maintain and operate an air monito… 
 student tristan volunteered with , a group dedicated to building friendships and leadership devel… 
 student brennan has given over  hours of time to his community, serving on the safety patrol at his… 
honored to present brothers brennan and tristan taylor of #chicago with #congressionalaward bronze medals this week… 
thank you to all our #teachers and administrators for all you do for our children and our communities. i will conti… 
the beginning of a new school year is always an exciting time filled with great hope and new possibilities. this mo… 
great to have lunch with chicago's new rd ward alderman silvana tabares today to discuss things we’re continuing… 
joined forces with the  at an event at the   in #hodgkins last night to continue our… 
house rules are now rigged against rank and file members which diminishes their ability to represent their constitu… 
this afternoon, i joined  to promote our efforts on the house #problemsolvers caucus to change house r… 
recently, my bill ensuring access to commissaries and morale, welfare, and recreation facilities for #purpleheart r… 
on this #purpleheartday we honor the brave men and women who have been wounded or paid the ultimate price in servic… 
 : we endorse  (#il). he fights to improve &amp; expand bkgrnd checks, keep state-level carry laws, improve mental-he…
i have a special regard for the #twu because my grandfather worked as a trolley and bus operator for the . than… 
honored to welcome members of the  veterans committee from across the country to #chicagoridge for… 
 : applications for fall yea class now being accepted.  apply now, before the class is filled.  do you know a girl in - gra…
this restoration would not have been possible without the hard work of so many. we must continue to work together t… 
the event begins an extensive process to remove invasive species, encourage native plant growth, and replenish a vi… 
proud to join with representatives from the   and , local leaders, and community stakeholders… 
great to talk with members of the #vietnam #veterans of america chapter   at the #willowsprings car show tonight… 
enjoyed spending time with area residents and checking out the cars at the annual #willowsprings car show tonight.… 
trump administration is rolling back #fueleconomy standards that would save consumers up to $, over the lifetim… 
 : automakers have invested billions to develop the next generation of fuel-efficient vehicle technology. the  &amp; …
 : it’s impossible to close the #gendergap in tech when we don’t know how big it is. we need consistent, effective data trac…
it was inspiring to meet so many #scientists, #entrepreneurs, and government officials committed to advancing… 
i discussed the program i created at the doe through my h-prize act which has already produced breakthroughs in the…  this foxconn deal is a disaster.  is effectively saddling every wisconsin household w/ a $, bill to p… 
. has no legal right to end birthright citizenship. the th amendment’s guarantee is clear. this i… 
this is false - period end of story.   trump’s got no healthcare plan. what he does have is a long record of destab… 
it’s high time washington work #forthepeople, not against them. 
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
wishing everyone a safe and spooky #halloween weekend! here’s a list of trick-or-treat times for neighborhoods, tow… 
i've got the scott walker blues, folks.   he's lost wisconsin billions of dollars in transportation and health care… 
. has been promising to take on big pharma for the last two years – &amp; it’s still business as usual… 
"expanding medicaid in states that have refused to extend this lifesaving health program would save more than ,… 
trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was s… 
you can't turn on the tv anywhere in wisconsin without hearing republicans lie about protecting pre-existing condit… 
this report is a damning condemnation of  &amp; 's failed policies in wisconsin.   &amp; i… 
. doesn’t give a damn about the well-being of wisconsinites. in just  yrs, he’s let our state lose $.… 
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
trump’s latest move to destabilize the aca does nothing more than create higher costs for american families &amp; under… 
healthcare is a human right all americans should have access too, regardless of preexisting conditions, wealth, or… 
.'s hatred &amp; ignorance will not erase the identities of my transgender constituents.  i stand shoul… 
🚨 health insurance open enrollment starts nov.    ✅ go to    ✅ find the plan that's best fo… 
for most american workers wages are flat, but salaries for the top % are growing exponentially.   folks, their wea… 
🚨 milwaukee 🚨  👉🏾 check your voter registration status:   👉🏾 if you have any questions, cont… 
#flashbackfriday to when you sued to eliminate protections for preexisting conditions for all americans.   you are… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
we all know the only promises  ever intends to keep are to his billionaire donors and massive corporation… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
the  has never stopped trying to take affordable health insurance away from the american public. you better bel… 
 million people live in poverty throughout the world.   in the us alone, . million people live in poverty &amp; a… 
if  really cared about protecting people with pre-existing conditions, he wouldn’t have directly authoriz… 
fact:  in  girls will experience sexual violence before age .  i’m sick &amp; tired of people excusing sexual viole… 
proud to have alyssa on team moore this fall! follow her ig takeover here👇🏾 
 : congress should echo the calls of millions by passing policies that would create safer workplaces &amp; empower survivors t…
% of low-income people in states that didn't expand medicaid passed up needed care in the last yr b/c they couldn… 
as a single mother at , i couldn't have graduated college without the help of food stamps and welfare. congress n… 
 : there is no reason that anyone in the us should die from a simple sinus infection, yet that is exactly what happened to sa…
 : instead of another ohio campaign rally,  &amp;  need to get back to work!   ohioans want good paying jo…
preach 🙌🏾 
proud of my wi colleague 's fight to take down trump's junk insurance plans. these dangerous short-t… 
eric dreiband is unfit to lead the doj civil rights division. while we have been fighting for vital protections in… 
did you know that the average monthly social security benefit in wisconsin is $,?   today’s announcement of a … 
❌ attorney general sessions wants to lock more black americans up.  ❌ secretary devos wants to end affirmative acti… 
 : president  and his administration have done so much damage to our community and the country over the past…
 : congratulations, !  that's a sweep!  #thisismycrew #ourcrewouroctober 
today's vote to confirm kavanaugh is a vote to silence women across the country who have come forward with their st… 
the national environmental policy act gives communities of color a voice against environmental injustice. every ame… 
preach 👏🏾   republican senators have done nothing but stand in the way of truth and justice throughout this confirm… 
congrats to milwaukee’s own annie weiss on running wisconsin’s ice age trail faster than any woman, or man, in hist… 
 : roses are red violets are blue if you're not a rich white conservative heterosexual male citizen then 's p…
this week, i introduced the rise out of poverty act. our government needs to do so much more to stand up for the ri… 
i've written to , urging them to investigate 's spending to ensure wisconsin tax dollars are bei… 
the  has allowed hard-earned taxpayer dollars to go to waste one too many times. wisconsinites can't a… 
the trump administration wants to gut oil &amp; gas safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. trump may… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
 : history is repeating itself before our eyes. women like christine blasey ford—just like anita hill back in —are being…
let's go  ⚾️ 🎉 nl central champions! #ourcrewouroctober #thisismycrew 
 : it took an extra game, but it sure was worth it! #ourcrewouroctober 
marching for racial, economic, and social justice with my milwaukee sisters ❤️✊🏾  we won’t be stopped, and we won’t… 
 : the violence against women act expires today. congress failed to reauthorize it. funding for it ends in december. 😔 #vawa…
this week as senate republicans belittled &amp; dismissed allegations of sexual assault &amp; violence against kavanaugh, h… 
 : "maybe this is a chance for people to approach growing into manhood with less hubris, with a greater sense of equality" …
milwaukee's latinx community makes our city vibrant, resilient, &amp; beautiful.   today &amp; every day, i stand with my l… 
. and maria gallagher are american sheroes. their bravery has helped change history. stay strong 💪🏾… 
this is a critical moment in our nation's history.  watch my interview with  about what the kavanaugh ford… 
 : ., , and  intro bill to combat infant and child mortality crisis.  …
this should be a no-brainer. #delaythevote 
this #taxscam . is a sham!   ❌wages aren’t keeping up with inflation  ❌health care costs are rising  ❌companies a… 
 : . : “it’s clear their minds are made up. this is nothing more than a show to check their boxes before they vote. w…
i've joined my democratic sisters who are survivors of domestic &amp; sexual assault in demanding today's vote on kavan… 
the #goptaxscam lets the richest % deduct the costs for their private jets – and the gop is going to pay for it by… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
wisconsin has the highest black infant mortality rate in the us. i've witnessed the deaths of far too many babies i… 
i believe that people deserve a second chance, but you shouldn't be a principal at a school if you’re guilty of ass… 
 :  members of congress who are also survivors of sexual and domestic violence demand a halt to the kavanaugh hearings today…
if the wage gap were closed, a native american woman would have enough money for:   🏡 months of rent. 💖 years o… 
with my sister in the struggle  spreading the word about our call for senate republicans to stop tomorrow’… 
today, i joined my fellow survivors     to demand friday's vote on… 
with  this morning discussing the parallels between the testimony of dr. ford and anita hill.  i know how ha… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
my sister  speaking truth to power 🙌🏾 
tomorrow, i'll be introducing my bipartisan &amp; bicameral bill to combat our nation's infant mortality crisis. our ba… 
today, i stood with my democratic sisters in voicing our support for dr. ford ahead of her testimony.  we will all… 
 : tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
proud to be here w/    &amp;  to call out the impact poverty &amp; syste… 
 : . are speaking with representatives of the #poorpeoplescampaign about the realities of poverty &amp; economic i…
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
the land &amp; water conservation fund works. it preserves vital natural resources in nearly every congressional distri… 
our mothers and foremothers fought long and hard for the right to vote. now, it's up to us to exercise that right.… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
trump has left our nation’s rule of law hanging by a thread.  congress must salvage our national dignity while it i… 
in , sandra was shacked to the bed during childbirth, endangering her life and the life of her baby. congress m… 
🚨 senate republicans tried to push through a vote after learning of deborah ramirez's allegations of sexual miscond… 
new hateful anti-immigrant trump rule instills terror in the hearts of immigrant families. parents across the count… 
 : just in: the trump administration has diverted nearly half a billion dollars from vital health initiatives to keep unaccom…
🚨 #taxscam will cost taxpayers $ trillion over  years.  how will republicans pay for this massive debt? by dema… 
as a survivor, i know firsthand how hard it is to come forward. you feel ashamed, guilty, angry, and inadequate. yo… 
since president trump signed the first gp tax law, wages haven’t kept up with inflation, health care costs have sky… 
uw-milwaukee named top university for lgbtq+ students for the fourth year in a row 🌈👏🏾   these young panthers are m… 
repealing #netneutrality makes it harder for small businesses to compete. when small businesses suffer, our entire… 
“now is a courageous time and a brave time, too, to finally let your voice be heard. telling your truth will get us… 
in the midst of the worst refugee crisis since world war ii, the u.s. has only resettled , refugees and plans… 
come to my town hall *tonight* to find out how voter id laws, voter roll purges, gerrymandering, and overcrowded po… 
a yr after hurricane maria hit puerto rico &amp; the virgin islands, trump continues to show nothing but contempt for t… 
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
know your rights! come to my town hall tomorrow for more information on voter registration, voter id requirements,… 
today's shooting in middleton weighs heavily on my heart. no wisconsinite should live in fear of gun violence, yet… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen.  let’s not repeat history – congress must give dr. christ… 
thank you  &amp;  for carrying this forward!   vel would be honored to know her representa… 
g'mar chatima tova. wishing a peaceful and renewing fast to jewish families preparing for #yomkippur in milwaukee a… 
senate republicans must take dr. christine blasey ford’s allegations seriously and show her the respect every brave… 
liberated, the voices of survivors will sing the song of justice until our chorus echoes resoundingly from the door… 
today, as we celebrate the constitution and the rights it guarantees, we must redouble our constant struggle to ens… 
the ' collapse was devastating:  million americans lost homes,  million lost jobs &amp; $ trillion of household… 
sending all my love to my sister , today. praying for 's quick recovery 🙏🏾💞 
talking about where our economy stands ten years after the financial crisis. tune in now! 
i am heartbroken by the loss of retired brig. gen. robert cocroft. he was an ally, friend, &amp; hero to me &amp; to our en… 
according to us and international law, migrants fleeing gang &amp; domestic violence have the legal right to seek asylu… 
proud our great city will host one of these powerful statues this september.  students, in milwaukee and across the… 
 : cell phones enable vulnerable individuals to contact emergency services, family members, health care, and social service provid…
 : the vast majority of domestic violence prevention programs distribute phones so that vulnerable individuals can access em…
for men, women &amp; children at risk of domestic violence,  call can make a lifesaving difference.  we can't let… 
 : in cases of domestic violence, one phone call can make the difference. without the  lifeline program that call might be…
the  lifeline program helped  million americans last year. affordable wireless service, especially for victim… 
republicans are fighting to make the tax giveaways for the rich in the #goptaxscam permanent. that means tens of bi… 
 : news: , ,  &amp; i are leading   calling on attorney general sessions…
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
the trump administration is holding five times more children in detention centers than last year.   this… 
icymi: trump would rather use taxpayer $$ to separate kids from their parents &amp; keep them in cages than provide pro… 
excited to have a new sister in this tremendous fight ✊🏾 #istandwithpp 
tune in now to the carl nelson show! we're here talking about how de-escalation training for police and communities… 
honored to welcome the black european delegation to dc today. as national extremism &amp; racism threaten to destabiliz… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
 : . is fighting wisconsin's efforts to suppress the #vote. let's make september national voting rights month and…
 out of  native women experience gender-based violence in their lifetime.  tonight, i stood in vigil with my nati… 
the gop is dead-set on digging another $ trillion hole that will do nothing but hurt hard-working americans.    we… 
“hatred paralyzes life; love releases it. hatred confuses life; love harmonizes it. hatred darkens life; love illum… 
shanah tovah! i was so thankful to celebrate the new year with my friends at emanu-el b'ne jeshurun this morning. w… 
no one should have to suffer in silence. be the one to listen. #worldsuicidepreventionday 
 : help us raise awareness about ways to prevent firearm suicide. read the report at -  #suicidepreventi…
 : in , the hotline answered k calls, texts, &amp; chats from survivors of domestic violence. however, k went unanswered due to…
kavanaugh’s entire confirmation process has been an outright fraud on the american public.   it has not followed re… 
i believe president trump is unfit to serve, and if he’s unfit to serve, he’s unfit to appoint a supreme court just… 
the flores settlement agreement exists to protect children from indefinite, prison-like detention. withdrawing from… 
 million low-income americans, including , families with young kids, will lose food aid benefits under… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
take a look at this list of pre-existing conditions.. chances are you identify with one or more of them.  if kavana… 
trump &amp;  promised that corporations would use their massive tax cuts to give working americans a pay raise… 
last year  attempted to rip protections away from millions of americans w/ pre-existing conditions. now, d… 
i know firsthand the difference programs like food aid make when raising a child in poverty.  trump's plan to rob i… 
today, my colleagues in the senate asked a crucial question: “what is the gop hiding?”   why won’t they let the vas… 
today it’s #backtoschool for #milwaukeepublicschool &amp; back to work for congress! i'm geared up &amp; ready to keep figh… 
every wisconsinite deserves to know their pension will be there to help them retire with dignity.  this #laborday,… 
this sunday, i joined  on #upfront to discuss #whatsatstake w/ kavanaugh's nomination. now, as the gop a… 
congrats to this year's camp union grads!   from pay equity to fair trade – we’ve got to teach the next generation… 
snap feeds  in  kids in this country. without a strong food aid program, american families will go hungry.… 
this week, i wrote  to remind her of her duty to protect students from predatory for-profit colleges.… 
answer: it’s the worst possible combination of both. 
got to test out this cool ride ahead of today's  police &amp; civilian skills competition 👏🏾🏍️👏🏾   there… 
wisconsinites depend on the land water conservation fund to ensure our lush forests, parks &amp; lakes are cared for &amp;… 
there are only  days until kavanaugh’s scotus hearings begin.   if he is confirmed, everything, including the rule… 
as a nation that strives to be a global champion of human rights, it's our obligation to speak out when these right… 
the 's student loan office was created to protect students, not further enrich self-interested student loan co… 
john mccain was an american hero whose relentless courage has pushed this country toward a better and more truthful… 
 :  if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by refusing…
i’m with you,  ✊🏾   in  children depend on snap. if the gop slashes the program, those children will be… 
trump &amp; his corporatist cronies are pushing the same defunct policies that plunged us into an economic collapse … 
a critical victory, but folks, we've still got a long way to go. we must keep up the momentum. we must continue to… 
as the list of trump’s closest allies who've been accused, indicted or found guilty of criminal wrongdoing continue… 
our teachers don’t have enough money to pay for school supplies, yet  wants to help them buy guns w/ t… 
without #netneutrality , internet service providers can charge extra for fast lanes, threatening internet speeds fo… 
environmental racism is alive and well in trump’s america.   underserved communities will undoubtedly be the first… 
hundreds of kids remain in custody with no timeline for reunification. every day without  action is anot… 
 : #dreamers serve in our military, educate our children, work as doctors &amp; nurses to keep us healthy, &amp; help our economy…
.’s #dirtypowerscam could cause , deaths every year. once again the president has put corporate profits ahe… 
a necessary reminder from  that impeachment was designed for the people to prevent an "elected desp… 
. is attacking the life-saving coverage millions of children, seniors, and americans with disabilit… 
this money needs to be put towards housing, healthcare, and employment for veterans, not to boost '… 
tonight, i'm listening to the queen of our souls. may she #restinpower ✊🏾 #blackgirlmagic  
praying for the #queenofsoul this morning. aretha franklin sang the song of freedom and equality for all black wome… 
 years ago, our government promised young immigrants a shot at the american dream. since then #daca has helped &gt;… 
. was ordered to reunite all separated families  days ago, yet hundreds of children remain in us… 
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
kavanaugh's nomination to the supreme court would tip the balance of justice against americans’ right to health car… 
just more empty promises from the  as american workers' wages stagnate and job growth slows...   the american p… 
americans deserve peace of mind. they deserve to know the benefits they worked hard for during their lifetime will… 
 : the stage is set. #scotus could decide the constitutionality and legality of president trump’s many cruel and reckless…
trump &amp; the gop promised to drain the swamp, but instead, they've doubled down on their special-interest agenda w/… 
.'s eviction defense project is on the frontlines of milwaukee's eviction crisis, working every day t… 
a year ago, after the #altright violence &amp; hatred in charlottesville, i called for ’s impeachment.… 
 : today, we honor heather heyer who was killed during the horrific violence that took place in #charlottesville one year ago. we wil…
considering you imposed these shortsighted tariffs, it seems like you're the problem, not ... wiscon… 
 : today marks , days of captivity for the #chibokgirls at the hands of boko haram. it is imperative that we do not allow t…
 : thank you,  for always being there in the fight to #bringbackourgirls. your persistent presence and stance on t…
a critical reminder that the fcc has a duty to help consumers not hurt them. 
there's no doubt  failed the public &amp; needs to be voted out. but that in no way means gop senators are off… 
 : a win today for the lifeline program and tribal communities! the d.c. circuit court halted the trump fcc’s efforts to u…
the human cost of the horrific war in yemen is growing every day. our country can no longer make excuses for this s… 
right here in wisconsin, ,, people with pre-existing conditions are at risk of losing their health insurance… 
 : washington republicans had a chance to #draintheswamp, instead they helped  build a hotel on it! …
trump has already sacrificed the health &amp; security of children, seniors, and low-income americans by forcing them t… 
i am holding every brave firefighter doing god's work in california close to my heart this month. especially, the …  the epidemic of gun violence is a public health crisis. it's time to start listening to public health experts about how to stop it.
we cannot allow anti-semitism, bigotry, white supremacy and a gun-crazed culture to be shrugged off in america.   w… 
proud to march side-by-side with , , ,  and so many other fighters fo… 
our houses of worship will never truly be safe until those in power challenge anti-semitism and the rampant prolife… 
there will always be those who use distraction, threats, and even violence, to accomplish their ends. my brave staf… 
i'm so grateful to all the law enforcement officials who worked quickly and tirelessly to arrest this suspect. we w… 
 : "today, my staff and i will hug each other and our loved ones tightly, and tomorrow we will get back to work serving the p…
this thursday, i am thrilled to join my friend and our next governor,  at temple kol ami emanu-el in p… 
at last night's debate,  showed that he will be a governor who truly represents all floridians. as pro… 
 : when they go low, we go vote.   days to #bringithome.
republican politicians will keep trying to eliminate protections for people with pre-existing conditions. they will… 
 : brett kavanaugh’s confirmation was a moment of reckoning. trump and republican leadership continue to attack our health and righ…
trump’s disgusting attacks aren’t acceptable coming from anyone, much less the president. we need dads and moms to… 
we can take back the house this november, but we can't do it without you. make a plan to volunteer before the… 
i'm honored to receive the endorsement of the  editorial board to continue serving south floridians in… 
in the aftermath of hurricane michael, we must stand together. when i return to washington, i will use my role on t… 
i want all floridians who are feeling the impacts of hurricane michael to know that we are thinking of you and we w… 
just when you think his conduct and indifference couldn’t be more revolting,  holds a political ral… 
 : as hurricane #michael nears land, take shelter &amp; stay safe.  📱follow weather updates on your phone or radio.  🔹 in a tornado warn…
 : there's only ☝️ day left to 𝗥𝗘𝗚𝗜𝗦𝗧𝗘𝗥 𝗧𝗢 𝗩𝗢𝗧𝗘 — that's today!  register or update online ➡️  https://t.c…
we must elect a congress that finally takes action to prevent gun violence. this november, let's send a clear messa… 
 : a bill introduced by  charts out the national strategy to address underperformance of american life expectancy.…
we must turn our pain and rage into action, and fight for leaders who value women and believe their stories. most o… 
 : happening now: thousands of people have come from as far as alaska, california, hawaii, and florida to demand that senators hear…
i believe dr. christine blasey ford. i also believe that donald trump's vile attempt to mock and dismiss credible a… 
 : at her candidate interview with ⁦⁩ editorial board, congresswoman debbie wasserman schultz sported patriotic na…
 yalaha, florida, pop. ,. (which apparently is now famous for their excellent bakery!) 
 : one job should be enough. #povertydoesntfly #unionsforall 
 : we're very proud to support ' prevent child harm act, introduced today. thanks to the  co-sponsors, this bill…
 : it's truly an honor to receive the endorsement of . progress is on the ballot. hope is on the ballot. a brigh…
a republican once sent an email calling me “vile, unprofessional, despicable" and “not a lady,” concluding i should… 
i believe dr. christine blasey ford.
we should all be grateful for the courage of dr. ford in sharing her story. the allegations against brett kavanaugh… 
 : drowning is the # cause of unintentional death to children ages -. these grants will save lives and prevent injuries associ…
 : the dept. of homeland security is launching an investigation into rick scott’s mismanagement of hurricane irma debris…
i wore black today in solidarity with sexual assault victims and survivors. dr. blasey ford was brave to come forwa… 
today i'm announcing that the department of homeland security has answered my call to open a federal audit of rick… 
 : on this day a year ago, hurricane maria struck puerto rico. it's beyond dispute that our fellow american citizens did no…
my family and i wish all who are observing yom kippur a meaningful day and an easy fast. may we spend this day of a… 
 : we need to elect more democrats like ​ who will fight to expand medicaid to the , uninsured floridians an…
in supporting donald trump for president and roy moore for senate, the republican party has sent a disturbingly cle… 
 : standing up for gun safety is what , ,  and  are all about! we’re prou…
i want our fellow americans in puerto rico to know that we stand with you - even if the president does not. and i w… 
this is such an inspiring story and the video is well worth your time.  is the kind of leader florid… 
 : couldn’t have asked for a better legislative speaker! thank you  for sharing your personal story and leading…
i know i'm late to this after taking a break from social media during rosh hashanah, but some news is too good not… 
 : if the nra's seven-figure investment in judge kavanaugh’s confirmation doesn’t tell you something, then his dangerous &amp; ext…
brett kavanaugh would seriously threaten women's reproductive rights if confirmed to the supreme court and anyone w… 
in court today, the trump administration is siding with republicans who believe we should go back to the days when… 
working with  is an honor. no one should turn their back on him. 
 : u.s. rep. debbie wasserman schultz, d-weston, on tuesday blasted the trump administration for withholding more than ,…
i am honored to have the support of . together, we're going to take action to prevent gun violence and ke… 
this november, health care access for millions of americans is at stake. protections for those of us with pre-exist… 
 : are you ready to make history on november th? sign-up to volunteer today and help us #bringithome!  ht…
our choice in november could not be clearer. floridians will elect a governor who represents a hopeful future, not… 
congratulations to mayor  on such an incredible victory! floridians made history tonight - and we're g… 
the trump administration failed our fellow citizens in puerto rico when they needed help the most. now we must reco… 
this ruling is certainly worth celebrating, but right now it's only temporary. passing the d printed gun safety ac… 
we must never treat tragedies like the one that occurred in jacksonville today as if they are a new normal. as we g… 
. has always been kind to me. i am so sorry to hear this news and my heart goes out to him,… 
 : kavanaugh is bad for the country and bad for sensible gun laws. #savescotus --&gt; 
at a time when almost all teachers have to dig into their own pockets to buy basic school supplies, betsy devos wan… 
i love you  and i am so proud to serve side by side with you. 
now seems like another good time to remind people that robert mueller is a highly decorated veteran who has served… 
 : climate change is real. 
check out the early act that promotes breast cancer awareness in young women. when you're done beating cancer, i ex… 
. from one young survivor of breast cancer to a future survivor: kick cancer's ass and thank you for takin… 
this november, let's elect a congress that prioritizes people over corporate polluters.
 :  with fred guttenberg, father of stoneman douglas victim jamie guttenberg come together to talk about d guns. …
the trump administration is going to court to argue against health care protections for americans with pre-existing… 
 : new data on real wages out today. the trump economy in one chart: 
at a time when donald trump is giving tax handouts to giant corporations while refusing to raise the minimum wage,… 
this somber anniversary is a time to honor the life of heather heyer and spread some of the love that she preached.… 
congratulations to  and its founder and ceo  on launching magic leap one! these impressive augme… 
. demanded budget cuts to florida's water management agencies for five years in a row. the toxic algae a… 
donald trump and his republican friends in congress are sabotaging the u.s. health care system. in the process, the… 
my dear friend  is such an inspiration. 
i'm proud to help introduce this urgently needed legislation. congress hasn't done anything tangible to prevent gun… 
by reducing fuel efficiency standards, it's clear donald trump wants you to spend more money on gas. he's threateni… 
 : decades of research show that children traumatically separated from their parents are likely to develop emotional problems, cogni…
donald trump is preparing to give yet another massive handout to the ultra wealthy. we need to build an economy tha… 
corporate execs the big winners in  #goptaxscam. workers not so much. no wonder republicans rarely talk about it 
donald trump continues to attack women's access to medical care. we will not be silent. we will keep standing up an… 
the simple, sad fact is that donald trump is making it harder for americans to get health care.   it's sickening.  
such good news. this team effort was started by  students. it’s great to be a florida gator!! 🐊🐊 
 : wages were supposed to rise after trump's tax cuts. instead, they’ve fallen  via  https://t.c…
. here we are down in #sofla “not working”... #loveflorida
donald trump insisted that "trade wars are good and easy to win." instead, his tariffs are increasing the prices of… 
the trump tax scam didn't do anything for american workers - and that's because it wasn't supposed to. this disastr… 
 : brett kavanaugh will tip the balance of the court — turning it against a woman’s constitutional right to access abortion in this…
donald trump disgracefully refused to stand up for the u.s. today. we're fortunate to have american journalists who… 
donald trump should cancel his meeting with vladimir putin and use the opportunity to publicly call on russia to ex… 
don't tell me women's reproductive rights aren't on the line when donald trump:  - promised to appoint supreme cour… 
donald trump may have reversed his family separation policy, but the trauma these young kids have experienced can n… 
donald trump promised to nominate judges who would "automatically" overturn abortion law in the united states. bret… 
since the day he assumed office, donald trump has repeatedly tried to undermine the aca. while his administration c… 
post-hurricane irma, gov. rick scott insisted cities/counties avoid price gouging on debris removal. then he did it… 
the ethical clouds may clear, but pruitt's destructive epa policies will harm our land, water and families for years 
most states restore voting rights once felons serve their sentences, yet gov. scott blocked reforms that would have… 
 : be bold. be courageous. never be afraid to speak up and speak out. together we can build a more perfect union. #goodtroub…
reporters seeking truth should not fear for their lives as they work in a newsroom. neither should kids while they… 
this white house has tried to restrict access to health insurance through executive order, failed legislation, and… 
 : breaking: #scotus rules on #janus, turns its back on american workers—educators, nurses, firefighters, police officers, and p…
some of the children in the facility i visited today are as young as  years old. these kids should've never been s… 
it's clear the trump administration is not doing nearly enough to reunite young children with their families. this… 
when i co-founded the   years ago, i would've never imagined that we'd be able to raise over $.… 
yesterday  and i were denied entry to a south florida facility that is holding nearly  kids who ha… 
the american people deserve to see the cruel way the trump administration is treating children. 
 : disturbing news from  &amp;  that not only are children separated from their parents indeed being held…
 : sometimes truth transcends party. 
"irreparable harm."  those are the words the american academy of pediatrics used to describe the damage trump's fam… 
allowing lgbt individuals to live their truth and love who they love is a cause worth celebrating - and we must all… 
the corrupt head of the  is trying to get back in the president's good graces by allowing more water pollution.… 
. hey, it’s ’s th anniversary this year. how about covering our game this year? #equaltime… 
we're less than a week away from the th annual ! on june th our bipartisan members team will tak… 
donald trump's decisions to separate children from their parents at the border and prevent victims of domestic viol… 
either you're with the nearly  million floridians with pre-existing conditions or you're against us. this really s… 
preventing victims of rape and domestic violence from entering this nation does not make us stronger or safer. it m… 
i'm thrilled to receive the "gun sense" candidate distinction from . reducing gun violence is a public s… 
as a breast cancer survivor, i am one of the  million americans with a pre-existing condition. donald trump's ne… 
the right-wing billionaire koch brothers will receive about $ billion in annual tax savings from a bill they spent… 
 : hey #cwsg fans! meet fl-’s rep.  who is taking it to the field on june th for childhood bff dawn who’s fi…
the nursing home tragedy that occurred in hollywood last hurricane season was simply inexcusable. it's even more sh… 
today i #wearorange for national gun violence awareness day to honor victims of gun violence. i'm reminded everyday… 
i am thrilled to receive an endorsement from the ! together, we'll keep pushing for equal rights and wo… 
 . there’s a reason  is no longer an elected official representing broward county. #oneanddone
 : trump's dangerous gag rule, explained. #nogagrule #istandwithpp 
 : happy high school voter registration day! today, you can register to vote in over , locations! if you skip school, you…
no es un crimen hablar en español 
politicians who refuse to address - much less acknowledge - climate change are putting floridians at risk. i'll kee… 
i'm so proud of my fellow florida gators and yes, even the seminoles, for refusing to let rick scott stand in the w… 
 : blocking access to planned parenthood is blocking access to crucial health care services, including life-saving cancer screening…
donald trump has spent a large part of his presidency trying to figure out how to restrict american's access to hea… 
 : we need a senator who serves all of us and puts florida first. let's put bill  back into congress so he can ke…
our failure to take substantive federal action to prevent gun violence is simply unacceptable. every child should feel safe at school.
i’m incredibly sad to hear this news. john morroni was a passionate, fierce, leave-it-all-on-the-field public serva… 
 . this is so sad. i served in the florida house with john. he was a passionate, fu… 
another tragedy at a high school, this time in texas. my heart breaks for the victims and their families. we can do… 
meanwhile, republicans in congress have focused all their time and effort on adding over $ trillion to the deficit… 
senate democrats won a major victory in the fight to protect a free and open internet today. , it's tim… 
 : “there are many states where the wotus rule is absolutely essential, including mine.” thank you rep. debbie wasserman schultz fo…
trump's  is more concerned with protecting its own image than with protecting our health. #bootpruitt 
democrats will vote in the senate on wednesday to reverse trump's disastrous decision to end #netneutrality. call m… 
it is simply inexcusable for florida to have these problems with its background check database.  has some… 
i wrote in  about how trump’s cruel anti-immigrant agenda will not make our country safer or our economy st… 
today is 's birthday. he should celebrate it by spending the day at home. and then staying there.
women will continue to lead the resistance. we've done it for over a year, and we'll do it in november. 
first, republicans added over $ trillion to the deficit by giving handouts to giant corporations and the ultra wea… 
 : in an unprecedented partnership, three florida newspapers have come together to “confront one challenge: sea-level rise is…
happy birthday to my dear friend and colleague ! south floridians are lucky to have you fighting by th… 
broward county students have far more courage than the chairman of the broward county gop. 
now seems like a good time to remind people that robert mueller is a highly decorated veteran who has served under… 
climate change is already impacting south florida. denying settled science won't solve the problem. we have to take… 
congratulations to  on an amazing victory in south florida tonight! our momentum is undeniable and we… 
this jewish american heritage month, let's honor and celebrate the countless contributions the jewish community has… 
thank you for doing what scott pruitt refuses to do: fighting each day to protect our clean air. 
do you know what's worse than asking for congress to pass a tax bill where the benefits are "shared by all american… 
thank you for participating! these incredible students in broward county will continue to lead the way - and i'm gr… 
scott pruitt refuses to address climate change or protect our clean air and water. meanwhile, he has abused his pos… 
created under the obama administration, the  has returned about $ billion to american consumers. now, the tr… 
 : the suspect in the recent waffle house shooting already had his firearm id card revoked in illinois, but that information di…
one month ago, we marched for change. today, it is more clear than ever that the inspiring students across the nati… 
scott pruitt needs to go. the  deserves an honest leader who won't use his or her position for personal gain. a… 
i'm thrilled to once again have the support of the  to continue giving the people of south florida a pro… 
 : to the young people speaking up and speaking out today, my heart is with you. keep walking and keep marching all the way…
 : .: “by bearing witness to carnage, by asking tough questions and demanding real answers, the parkland students are sh…
it is far too easy for dangerous people - violent felons, domestic abusers, and those adjudicated as severely menta… 
an unabashed patriot and public servant, barbara bush was a smart and strong first lady. she fiercely defended fami… 
 : people who are prohibited from purchasing guns are also prohibited from purchasing ammunition. but, unlike firearms, the sal…
i'm proud to work with senator blumenthal to introduce legislation that would finally provide the tools we need to… 
scott pruitt recklessly spent taxpayer dollars for personal gain, then silenced his staff when they tried to talk h… 
cities and states across the nation are passing meaningful gun reform laws to keep our students and our streets saf… 
 : thank you, , for choosing not to engage in the program that arms our teachers. i’m glad you listened to the…
thank you for your leadership, president fuchs. it’s great to be a florida gator! 🐊 
 : yes, women are still fighting for #equalpay in . here's how much women make for every dollar made by white, non-hispani…
as the special counsel's criminal investigation escalates, every member of congress has a responsibility to send a… 
 : i’ve always run every race like there’s no tomorrow —regardless of my opponent. while it’s clear that rick scott will…
first we marched. then we voted. now we're running. and we're just getting started. 
we must honor dr. martin luther king jr. not just with our words, but with our deeds. that means drowning out hate… 
this is disgraceful. we can't allow the trump administration to prevent women from accessing the tools and informat… 
the students from parkland and across the nation are already making real change, but they aren't anywhere near done… 
 : ‘fight for your lives, before it is someone else’s job.’ — these girls are the future 
ammunition background check act by the numbers:  - %: americans who support background checks for all ammunition… 
it's already illegal for violent felons and domestic abusers to purchase deadly bullets, but without a background c… 
 : . just introduced a new gun safety measure meant to prevent another school shooting tragedy. she said, 'this is the…
 : i’m introducing the ammunition background check act w/ . this commonsense measure will enforce federal law by…
it requires more than just a gun to take an innocent life. it also takes bullets. we need to do all we can to make… 
people who are banned from buying guns are also legally prohibited from buying bullets. yet nationally we have no w… 
 : watch: combat veterans explain why weapons of war don’t belong on our streets. hear their stories and join them this w…
 : we will win. #marchforourlives 
such an honor to join  and  to speak with students about taking action to prevent gun violence.… 
 : time's new cover: the school shooting generation has had enough  
this saturday, i'll be joining students from broward county and across the nation at #marchforourlives in dc. click… 
heartbroken that we are learning about yet another school shooting. thinking of the victims of this tragedy and the… 
it was incredibly powerful to hear from , , meghan hobson, and many others at my seco… 
 : students are calling for change after the parkland shooting. a group of survivors of the shooting at stoneman douglas high s…
terribly sad to learn about the loss of my dear friend louise slaughter. she was a history-making, trailblazing cha… 
the nra (still) wants you to believe that more guns in schools will somehow solve the epidemic of senseless gun vio… 
congratulations representative-elect lamb! this democratic victory in a deeply red district makes it clear that vot… 
congratulations to dean trantalis on making history in ft. lauderale tonight! mayor-elect trantalis has a true pass…   : thank you to   &amp;  for celebrating the ribbon cutting of sutter care at home’s new seniorcare…
 : day  of the #acxchange the delegates arrived in the sacramento region where they visited  ,  ,…
last night, sacramento stood in solidarity for the  who were killed on the holy day of shabbat at the tree of lif… 
after many years of tireless work by advocates from the city, county, state and federal levels, i am proud to suppo… 
we all have a responsibility to speak out against anti-semitic rhetoric, which grows into acts of violence like thi… 
i am sickened by the violence at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. i’m praying for the congregants and the… 
 : thank you congresswoman  for helping our region secure funding for flood protection. 
 : sac state &amp; american river college students got an impromptu voting pep talk this morning from ! #vote http…
 : . welcoming #acxchange to sacramento!  
 : best picture of the day at the #acxchange got to take this with ⁦⁩ for #bluesuitthursday while at the ⁦…
last year, the gop voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now, the… 
 : honorable r.d. james, assistant secretary of the army for civil works, is touring sacramento district projects this we…
the gop increased the deficit by $ trillion with their tax scam; now they are now using deficits they created as a… 
pleased  is answering my call on a proposal to allow additional uses of the  ghz band, which could play an imp… 
what a magical performance! music at the philharmonic continues to immerse us in experiences that crosses boundarie… 
the founding of the uc davis mind institute was truly a labor of love. i am so inspired by the founding families an… 
yesterday i hosted r.d. james, head of the us army corps of engineers, on a tour of our billion-dollar auxiliary sp… 
young people are our future. i am so glad i had the opportunity to speak with some of the young mentees at the she… 
 : the seniors task force, which i co-chair with rep. , recently released a report detailing the never-ending r…
my statement on today’s senate vote to send brett kavanaugh to the supreme court: 
the american people deserve more information, not less, when we are talking about a lifetime position on the supreme court. (/)
the trump administration purposely limited the scope of the investigation, excluding not just judge kavanaugh and d… 
while i have the upmost respect for the men and women of the fbi, it is clear that the restrictions placed on the f… 
i believe any credible and thorough fbi investigation should include interviews with the two key witnesses – judge… 
i had an incredible and memorable evening celebrating our farm-to-fork culture at the tower bridge dinner.  thank y… 
read my full statement on the senate judiciary committee vote to send judge kavanaugh's supreme court nomination to… 
this rushed process shows, yet again, that senate republicans will continue to place politics and party over people… 
when stories such as dr. ford's aren't thoroughly investigated it serves as a chilling message to the next generati… 
senate republicans claimed they believed her, yet by rushing this confirmation process forward, their actions show… 
dr. christine blasey ford's testimony was brave and i was inspired by her willingness to come forward and share her story. #believesurvivors
judge kavanaugh's partisan testimony demonstrated that he is unfit to be a fair and partial justice. i stood with m… 
over the span of her career, a native woman loses up to $, to the wage gap. these financial losses are associ… 
 : "we should be made to face questions of who it is we are putting into positions of power. do our values about what is right and w…
this morning i joined  and marched to the  urging him to #postponethevote on kavaaugh un… 
 : . says that telemedicine is important for mental health services because there is a strong need for timely a…
my fellow judges and i were amazed by the creativity and passion of these student artists at tearing walls apart. c… 
it was so fun exploring tasty veggie bites with students and local chefs at pacific elementary for the food literac… 
thank you sacramento county for having me at the sacramento area sustainable business awards. this year's winners e… 
 : this week is national hispanic-serving institutions week! we were pleased to host  to campus to see how sac…
 : ty  for visiting campus and speaking with faculty, students &amp; peer mentors. federal #hsi grants fund their…
 : congresswoman  visited campus monday to learn more about our student support programs. among them were those fund…
dr. christine blasey ford showed great courage in sharing her story. i joined  asking the senate to l… 
 : us congresswomen matsui presented me with an ambassador of aviation award last night. it's easy, "share the passion" -sdt…
great meeting and talking to col. bud anderson, legendary world war ii triple ace pilot.  thank you for your distin… 
i had an amazing time celebrating the aerospace museum honorees last night! stem education allows our youth to touc… 
had a wonderful time last night welcoming chancellor carol christ to dc &amp; celebrating #berkeley  #proudbear 
we must fight back against trump’s efforts to stop all climate action. yesterday i led  house members on a letter… 
 : unlicensed spectrum was once seen as radical.  who would use wireless service no one owned? how would it work? fast forwa…
 : i commend for your attention an op-d in the  by , ,  and me on the need for more…
this morning, i penned an op-ed with , , and  on facilitating the next generatio… 
seventeen years ago, our nation set an example of public service, strength and resilience.  today, we humbly rememb… 
as we approach the th anniversary of the tragic september th attacks, i have introduced legislation alongside s… 
. ‘s proposed plan to gut #titleix protections for survivors of sexual violence would be unspeakable.… 
america has lost a true american hero in senator john mccain. my full statement: 
unconscionable that the trump administration wants to redirect funding for low-income schools’ mental health servic… 
 : while americans across the country battle devastating wildfires, floods, and heatwaves, the trump administration is releasing a p…
the administration’s irresponsible effort to reverse president obama’s clean power plan puts public health in dange… 
it’s reckless for the trump administration to reverse commonsense climate policies - including strong fuel efficien… 
 : trump’s move against fuel efficiency standards is bad not only for the environment but also for people’s health, jobs a…
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
 : social security benefits do a lot with a little: most beneficiaries receive less than $, a year. seniors can’t affo…
democrats are working to strengthen social security, ensuring everyone can have a dignified retirement. #socsec 
 : social security has been working #forthepeople for  years by providing older americans with stability &amp; security. let…
for  years, social security has provided older americans with stability and security. we must protect it. #socsec
 : social security serves families –  million seniors, children, &amp; adults with disabilities – who are relying on congress…
 : social security was established  years ago today as a bedrock program helping to provide retirement security to older…
sacramento’s strong network of community health centers is making a real difference in providing quality, accessibl… 
 : ., , , and  want to help afghan and iraqi refugees who helped u.s. so…
thank you  for convening today’s discussion on the importance of putting resources towards communit… 
 : starting our palliative care session with . #endalz 
 : the sacramento mural at sac state is coming to life! we were proud to host the kick-off event for the   mu…
public art provides a gathering point for conversations, contemplation, and connection. that’s why the… 
 : . speaking at the  kickoff press conference at . #artforall 
 : news conference to kick off wide open walls and the beginning of a massive mural on shasta hall spelling out sacramento. #…
great meeting with the  team last week to discuss their innovative work on autonomous vehicles. avs will help… 
 : read more about the uc davis rehabilitation hospital: 
today we unveiled plans for the new  rehabilitation hospital, another vital investment in our region’s heal… 
wonderful seeing everyone at #nationalnightout last night. thank you to everyone who made all of the fun, famil… 
 : we are streaming the #wideopenwalls press conference live from  this thursday at am. tune in to hear from guests…
women won’t settle for spare change. we must support women, invest in women, &amp; empower women. close the #paygap now! #blackwomensequalpayday
 : thank you , , &amp;  for speaking out about how weakening #cleanercars standards would impact…
auto pollution disproportionately affects low-income communities and communities of color. pleased to lead a letter… 
it was wonderful to celebrate the william land park th anniversary over the weekend! 
 : i will co-lead a letter with , , and the leaders of the congressional tri-caucuses - …
this proposal is shear recklessness. as our nation grapples with the urgent challenge of climate change, this admin… 
 : ., , , and  want a clearinghouse for all prescription drugs. get the story…
 : congresswoman  and other city reps cut the ribbon on the new franklin - south sac sma ride. full story at…
 : “we have to find a way to improve corridors w/o displacement...this is our time. and our goal should be to bring all the threads…
 : the trump administration is putting americans at risk by allowing anybody to access blueprints for -d guns as soon as…
congratulations  on  years of excellent reporting. looking forward to many, many more! 
we must keep fighting to ensure medicare and medicaid are protected for generations to come! #protectourcare 
for my latest episode of #dishingwithdoris, i sat down with two very inspirational people: vincent &amp; his mom daisy.… 
 : today, house democrats seniors task force unveiled a report documenting republicans’ attacks on medicare, medicaid, and…
today, the seniors task force joined  &amp;  to discuss  plan to lower health… 
 : america’s seniors &amp; families have dealt with soaring prescription drug prices for far too long – all while republicans thr…
icymi: yesterday, the house passed my title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act – which supports our nation’… 
 : today, along with house democratic leadership, i am unveiling the #aimhigher act – the democratic vision for an accessible,…
women’s reproductive freedoms are on the line with the nomination of brett kavanaugh. i #committoroe because women… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
since we don’t have a president who will safeguard our democracy, congress needs to step up. instead, republicans a… 
today the  is wasting time on legislation that shuts the door on constructive dialogue about how we can re… 
together, women are dedicated to protecting our right to vote and to defend the voting rights of all women. when wo… 
federal r&amp;d in clean energy fuels innovation, job creation, and cleaner air and water, which is why we need to keep… 
always pleased to join discussions about how we can work together to innovate in the healthcare space. #ai is one e… 
 : a vote to confirm brett kavanaugh is a vote to deny millions of american women the pre-existing condition protections they…
the affordable care act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions, which is more than half of all… 
 : .’s behavior yesterday was an unprecedented betrayal of our country’s values &amp; interests.  reagan. clint…
it’s outrageous that the president of the united states has decided to believe putin over his own u.s. intelligence… 
 : nutrition services, disease prevention programs, transportation services, job training, and legal services for seniors are all…
 : more than  million older americans are food insecure – the older americans act helps provide them with meals on wheels and…
 : tomorrow the #oaaturns, and with it , americans turn  – just like every other day. we need to do more to provid…
the  turned their backs on seniors w/the passage of the #goptaxscam, prioritizing billionaires instead. as… 
this saturday marks  years since the older americans act was signed into law. as #oaaturns, we must recommit to… 
i joined my  democratic colleagues today in calling for genuine congressional oversight of the famil… 
 : happening now: committee is debating a resolution that would require the trump administration to provide critical docum…
this broke my heart. the unimaginable trauma that these children are enduring could have been avoided if the trump… 
 : the #goptaxscam enriched the wealthiest few at the expense of the middle class. american families are certainly not #be…
the #b program is incredibly vital to low-income and vulnerable communities who depend on care from hospitals an… 
judge kavanaugh’s nomination is a clear threat to women’s reproductive healthcare rights. the senate must #stopkavanaugh. #whatsatstake
the president’s continued insistence on blaming others for the family separation crisis he created is appalling. we… 
everyone is just one illness away from a pre-existing condition. with this #scotus vacancy, protections against dis… 
president trump has announced a #scotus nomination that could reverse generations of progress for this country. the… 
listen to my conversation last week on  about everything from #scotus to the importance of the affo… 
this is the last week to submit your photos taken in sacramento for my facebook photo contest! entries are due frid… 
 : we're back from summer break &amp; ready to tackle today's headlines! tune in as  hears from the #politicalj…
the #b program helps strengthen our healthcare ecosystem by supporting safety net providers as they serve our co… 
 : feds give $. billion to local flood control projects  
the sacramento region will be receiving $. billion in federal funding for flood protection, increasing our overal… 
i joined my  co-chairs in putting out the following statement on  resignation. read it in full… 
happy #fourthofjuly everyone! 
from healthcare to the environment to reproductive rights, the stakes with this supreme court vacancy couldn’t be a… 
 : as we fight to protect the health of neighbors, i want to share steven’s story. he has a preexisting condition protected…
had a great conversation with  today. thanks for having me ! 
thrilled to announce over $ million in  funding for programs that are based in the greater sacramento r… 
we must be a nation that is a beacon of hope for all, one that recognizes the humanity of the brave families coming… 
this is liz from sacramento. just  week after her th birthday, she discovered she had a malignant brain tumor. i… 
today marks the beginning of my  facebook photo contest! submit your favorite photos taken in sacramento throug… 
these children are living each day not knowing when they are going to see their loved ones again. they’ve been thro… 
my colleagues and i met with hhs officials during the visit to demand answers about the process to reunite these ch… 
today i visited a facility in virginia that is housing children who were separated from their parents at the border. 
today we celebrate the rd anniversary of nationwide marriage equality. despite this important progress, in some st… 
 : new:  ca members of congress r calling  the  to hand over info on any proposal to house undocumented immigrants  c…
consumers deserve a free and open internet. i’m fighting for #netneutrality in congress to ensure every american ha… 
the trump administration’s #muslimban is discriminatory and antithetical to religious liberty. i’m extremely disapp… 
 : being born a woman shouldn’t be a “pre-existing condition.” but if republicans’ attacks on protections for millions of…
five years ago, the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in its shelby county v. holder decision. today, i’m… 
this past saturday marked the th anniversary of #titleix, landmark legislation that helps prevent &amp; reduce sex di… 
we need answers now about how the trump administration is planning to reconnect children who have been separated fr… 
 : these  congresswomen have zero tolerance for children being ripped from their mothers at the border …
 : "if i didn’t have health care insurance i’d be dead already.”   melanie is a mother of four, a brain cancer survivor, a…
thanks for coming by my office and for all you do on a daily basis to promote the health and wellbeing of people in… 
it’s unconscionable that the trump administration hasn’t provided the status of these young girls who’ve been rippe… 
it’s unacceptable that thousands of children in our country are experiencing the terror and despair of not knowing… 
 : "we need to be making investments in the full spectrum of the behavioral health system in order to truly address the r…
stood with  today to denounce president trump’s inhumane treatment of children at the border.… 
children separated from their families due to president trump’s inhumane policy are at serious risk of suffering ha… 
on #worldrefugeeday, congress must send a strong message that america will not abandon our world’s most vulnerable.… 
 : today  are considering their “budget for a brighter american future,” which makes extreme cuts to medica…
i joined a letter to dhs urging the end of this heartless policy &amp; am an original cosponsor of the… 
i am appalled by the trump administration’s continued decision to deflect responsibility for creating a humanitaria… 
the trump administration’s inhumane policy of separating children from their parents at the border is fundamentally… 
as we celebrate the lgbtq community’s lasting contributions to our country and honor their tireless fight for full… 
wonderful to be with so many extraordinary women leaders this morning to discuss #smartcities and the importance of… 
 : "as we contemplate smart cities, we have to think about the ways invisible infrastructure connects with our physical in…
a new  study found the average family will pay more than $, this year to cover just  weeks of… 
in the latest episode of #dishingwithdoris,  of  talks about why the fight to protect… 
thank you for coming by my office and for all of the forward-thinking work you do for our community. 
the spectrum now act – legislation i introduced w/ , , and   – will be impo… 
 : read a bill summary of rep. 's legislation, the “stretching entity resources for vulnerable (serv) communities act…
hospitals &amp; clinics rely on the #b program in order to provide inclusive &amp; affordable care. i introduced the… 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
today, the fcc’s repeal of #netneutrality rules goes into effect, but we’re going to continue to fight to pass legi… 
last night, republicans attacked the healthcare of  million americans with pre-existing conditions by refusing t… 
i’ve joined this resolution led by my friend . the trump administration’s actions at the border betray… 
this year marks  years since the passage of the #equalpayact. today, the pay gap remains. we need to move forward… 
 : congresswoman doris matsui () wants to make government spectrum waves available for commercial use. get this sto…
introduced a bipartisan, bicameral bill today that would free up #spectrum to meet the wireless data needs of next… 
america is a nation of immigrants. this #immigrantheritagemonth we celebrate the contributions that generations of… 
president trump’s latest spending cuts package continues to call for reduced funding for children’s healthcare. we… 
kimberly garza is the founder &amp; president of . for my latest episode of #dishingwithdoris i sat down with… 
today’s supreme court ruling is all the more reason to pass the #equalityact, which extends existing civil rights p… 
 : exciting day with  to kick off our collaboration with halo community clinics to address #cancer disparities in…
 : "with its thriving cultural scene, striking architecture and lush vegetation, this often overlooked california city — the…
great to join  for the ribbon cutting of their new medical offices in #downtownsac today! 
forced family separation is not only traumatic but impacts the ability for both parents &amp; children to seek legal pr… 
 : one year ago president trump announced his misguided plan to pull the united states out of the #parisagreement, but our response…
 : president trump’s decision to pull out of the #parisagreement one year ago today leaves the u.s. as the only country no…
one year ago, pres. trump recklessly withdrew from the #parisagreement. but california and other states and localit… 
the new  science center will inspire wonder and imagination for generations to come. thankful to ever… 
 : “not a single group representing patients, physicians, nurses or hospitals voiced support” for the trump administration…
today, let us pause to remember and honor the heroism &amp; courage of all of those who have served our country in the… 
thanks for stopping by my office !  
thanks so much for your work to raise awareness on this issue! 
today i had the pleasure of participating in #fosteryouthshadowday with israel from sacramento. thank you, israel,… 
for my latest episode of #dishingwithdoris i sat down with  at . thank you tina, for your… 
 : it’s time to make sure our teachers have the pay they deserve &amp; the resources they need to do their jobs. #abetterdeal  re…
happy asian pacific american heritage month! this may, we recognize the long history of aapis in america and recomm… 
we must raise #fosteryouthvoices. thank you  for turning the attention of congress to some of our youn… 
last week, the senate passed #netneutrality legislation and i’ve signed a discharge petition calling for a vote on… 
#titlex gives women access to contraception and more control over their lives, health, careers, &amp; economic security…  thank you,  for inviting me today at the path harrison station to celebrate the opening of the ne head house… 
i would also like to thank the first responders who put their lives on the line while they worked to protect others
the hatred shown today is un-american and i will do everything in my power as a member of congress to ensure that w… 
today’s shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh, pa is a devastating tragedy for the community and our… 
the patriotism and courage of our public servants prevented a heinous tragedy from unfolding this week. thank you t… 
the interception of explosive packages by the u.s. postal service prevented what could have been a large scale trag… 
today’s attempted attacks on multiple, politically-connected targets underscores the need to end inflammatory rheto… 
contact ---safe for immediate assistance with questions or concerns about domestic violence or for more info… 
as #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth comes to an end we must remain committed to helping the millions men and women who are abused each year.
yesterday i spoke at  in belleville on the importance of investing in the health of the latino communit… 
transparency matters, and the trump administration's mixed messages on the disappearance of #saudi journalist jamal… 
october is breast cancer awareness month and today is #nationalmammographyday.  and  women will develop breast ca… 
i’m concerned by the oppression that continues in #nicaragua and #venezuela. the violence and harsh practices by th… 
i will continue to fight for the most vulnerable members of our community, while the gop continues to decide privat… 
the #goptaxscam has been so brutally obvious, we predicted this attack  months ago. just yesterday, sen. mcconnell… 
this past saturday, i attended the th annual celebration of #hispanicheritagemonth at the union city high school h… 
today is the th anniversary of matthew shepard’s tragic death. i have cosponsored h.res. to reaffirm congress… 
on tuesday, i sent this letter with other concerned colleagues to the president urging him to raise the issue of kh… 
the mysterious disappearance of  columnist #jamalkhashoggi is deeply concerning and the governments of saudi a… 
the new cola becomes effective january . for more information on how this will impact benefits, please visit: 
today’s .% cola announcement is the largest increase in seven years and is vital for seniors &amp; people w/disabilit… 
for national mental illness awareness week, i’m working to #curestigma around mental health and encourage those who… 
we must do better and work to ensure that our institutions protect the values that they were founded on.
i am extremely concerned that this confirmation will forever change the very nature of the court. the senate was en… 
anyone nominated to the highest court in the land should be held to an equally high standard. both before he was no… 
dr. ford deserved to have her story heard without prejudice and even though the fbi did not speak to her during the… 
today’s vote confirming brett kavanaugh as a supreme court justice was frustrating and disappointing. the vote happ… 
on #nasath we recognize the incredible advancements &amp; discoveries made that have given us a greater understanding… 
honored to welcome his holiness , the th pope of alexandria and patriarch of the see of st. mark al… 
i thank them for their commitment to democratic principles and support for the venezuelan people. read my full stat… 
this morning, i was pleased to welcome  to congress today to discuss ways to strengthen the u.s- ch… 
my full statement here: 
proud to say that the house passed my bill, h.r. , which helps the federal government keep our railroad network… 
earlier today myself, , and  had the chance to sit down with , to discuss the su… 
earlier today i had the chance to sit and talk with the leaders from  of #nj to discuss current events tha… 
i support h.res.  and call for immediate action to help the venezuelan people. 
today, i attended the  markup to consider several measures, including legislation dealing with the hu… 
dr. ford’s testimony and the trauma she has carried for decades is heartbreaking to witness.  her bravery is inspir… 
yesterday, i voted to pass legislation to reauthorize the , and other disaster relief and recovery programs… 
congratulations to the new jersey board of public utilities for being awarded pipeline safety grants, this helps wi… 
thank you to the representatives of the taiwan agricultural trade goodwill mission and the u.s. soybean export coun… 
sat down this afternoon with ceo carlos lejnieks of  to discuss the positive impact the organization has o… 
the uncertain fate of deputy ag rod rosenstein underscores the urgency with which congress must #protectmueller. th… 
i urge my colleagues in the senate to #delaythevote on kavanaugh who is now facing multiple credible allegations of… 
this is a prime example of why victims choose not to report their attacks. if you or someone you know has experienc… 
the president’s tweet dismissing dr. ford’s experience minimizes the real and long-lasting trauma that thousands of… 
today on #powmiaday, we recognize those soldiers who have never returned home, while serving this country. the sacr… 
one year ago today, hurricane maria made landfall on american shores. our federal government abandoned americans in… 
to all of those observing #yomkippur, may you have a meaningful fast. g’mar chatimah tovah.
refugees are fleeing unimaginable violence and persecution. to turn our backs on those who need our help the most i… 
the administration’s decision to cap refugee admissions at a historic low contradicts the very foundations of our d… 
hiv/aids patients face increased challenges in treatment &amp; care as they age, and nearly % of all americans living… 
september is childhood obesity awareness month and a time to educate ourselves on how to create lifelong active &amp; h… 
thank you to  &amp; the  for inviting me to celebrate elizabeth’s growth &amp; the expansion of the… 
national hispanic heritage month begins today. let’s celebrate history, culture, and the ancestry of american citiz… 
during these closures, hudson-bergen light rail will honor path customers between hoboken, newport, and exchange place stations
attn:  will close hoboken &amp; new port stations this sat at midnight until am on mon. closures will also o… 
dr. lamont repollet, the new jersey commissioner of education, stopped in today to discuss the importance of educat… 
i had the opportunity to sit and talk with the brotherhood of locomotive engineers and trainmen today on the import… 
this administration’s lack of transparency and reckless foreign policy needs to end, the american people deserve answers.
earlier this afternoon, i attended the  markup on h. res.  that requests all documents related to… 
sat down today with research scientist silvana lopes costa from hoboken’s  and victoria gemme from the… 
during the foreign affairs committee hearing today, we heard from the administration on their efforts to implement… 
thank you, marina litvinenko and alexander goldford for stopping by to talk about the death of her husband with the… 
in #nj, there were , social security beneficiaries in . i will work with the #expandsocialsecurity caucu… 
social security is a vital program for seniors &amp; the disabled. proud to join the #expandsocialsecurity caucus to st… 
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all social security beneficiaries. i am proud to join over  of m… 
rather than take responsibility for the federal government’s horrendously inadequate response to hurricane maria in… 
september ,  will never be a distant memory to those who lived through that day. on this day of reflection, w… 
i would like to wish all those celebrating rosh hashanah a happy and peaceful holiday.
my full statement with :  
i strongly urge president morales to reinstate  as  commissioner. absence of a commissioner… 
i am dedicated to the empowerment of the cuban people and not the cuban military.
the subcommittee on western hemisphere held a hearing yesterday to discuss u.s policy towards #cuba. it is importan… 
colombia’s foreign minister carlos holmes trujillo sat down with myself and other members this morning to discuss u… 
proud to stand with ivan  and support his important work with . #guatemala can only head to… 
sat down with representatives of  to discuss ways the us can continue to be an ally to israel. 
dr. christopher reber, president of  and i met this morning, to discuss the importance of community colle… 
we must fight to end the trump administrations zero tolerance policy. #familiesbelongtogether
the trump administration’s proposal to withdraw from the flores agreement is cruel and immoral. children and famili… 
it is imperative to stop the #ortega regime and bring democracy back to #nicaragua. this afternoon, i met with thre… 
if the government shuts down parts of the #faa will shut down too, which will have a major impact on air traffic co… 
this afternoon, atlantic city air control stopped by to discuss the negative impact a government shutdown will have… 
at today’s highways &amp; transit subcommittee hearing on innovative surface transportation, i asked the witnesses abou… 
forcing the department of homeland security to call off removal of #dreamers who deserve lawful permanent residenti… 
one year agotoday, president trump made the reckless choice to terminate the #daca program. he has left #dreamers u… 
president  has dealt another blow to the rule of law in #guatemala. he must immediately reverse his… 
it is imperative the long-term sustainability of the rail tunnels connecting ny and nj, as well as the economic fut… 
fought for the #gatewayproject and the future of our region today along with other new jersey leaders. 
happy labor day #nj. this labor day, we reflect on and remember the laborers past and present who fought for the… 
  the work of  and his team is building a secure, prosperous future for guat… 
#guatemala is made weaker by 's unacceptable decision not to renew the mandate of 
for  years, my friend  has been a model public servant and inspiring hero for her community. her impa… 
 years ago today, the march on washington was only the beginning of our fight for civil rights and justice in ame… 
my statement on the passing of senator john mccain: 
read my statement here: 
the manafort guilty verdicts and cohen plea deals show thatpresident trump had no intention of keeping his promise… 
my statement on this troubling pattern: 
#elsalvador’s decision to cut ties with democratic #taiwan is simply alarming. #china’s continued economic encroach… 
democratic principles &amp; a commitment to human rights – not slashing zeroes off the #bolivar – are the only way forward.
toying with inflation won’t end the starvation and suffering of the #venezuelan people. the rot of corruption at th… 
aretha franklin was an american icon who used her legendary voice to lift up the marginalized. in addition to creat… 
john brennan is a great american and this politically motivated attack shows that the president cares more about se… 
using presidential authority to retaliate against critics is a tool of despots and goes against the foundation of o… 
it created a safety net for seniors and the disabled that millions of hardworking americans have paid into. as we c… 
this week marks the rd anniversary of the social security act, a vital and historic piece of legislation signed i… 
the firing of fbi agent peter strzok is already being used in political attempts to invalidate &amp; cripple the specia… 
 good stuff maxie.
the united states must continue to stand with the venezuelan people and support their calls for a more democratic #venezuela.
this alleged attack will be used by #maduro to further consolidate his grip on power and justify a crackdown against his own people.
the recent “assassination attempt” against #maduro is already being manipulated by him as a distraction from his re… 
there should be no hesitation – printable plastic firearms would exacerbate an already rampant epidemic of gun viol… 
the trump admin's proposal to roll back obama's fuel efficiency and emissions standards is reckless and is another… 
my colleagues and i wrote a letter to sec pompeo demanding a reversal and that he reinstate #tps for these , individuals.
their own state department officials told them it would be disastrous – that these individuals may not be guarantee… 
proud to work with     to restore, peace, security and the r… 
today my colleagues and i urged the administration to use the global magnitsky act and hold individuals accountable… 
outstanding news that puerto rico is raising the minimum wage to $ for workers rebuilding badly needed infrastruc… 
i look forward to working with my colleagues to explore how we can craft a fair and effective system that prevents… 
i firmly believe that everyone should have access to quality, affordable health care which is why i am a member of… 
i have been a proud cosponsor of h.r. , the expanded &amp; improved medicare for all act, since may . our health… 
instead they shot down the secure our democracy act, a bill i am proud to cosponsor, which increases sanctions on a… 
house republicans had the opportunity today to stand up for the american people and act on concerns about the futur… 
a strong  equals success for the economy of our region and the nation. proud to work with  to… 
sat down this afternoon with members of the british parliament david duguid and matt western to discuss pressing is… 
i’m encouraged by our countries’ partnership on critical issues – counternarcotic programs and condemning the viole… 
today, i met with ambassador manuel espina of guatemala to discuss the relationship between us and guatemala. 
following last week’s  emergency session on the unfolding situation in #nicaragua, i met with our u.s.… 
 years later, we are forever grateful for their service and their sacrifice.  my condolences to the families and… 
today we honor the memories of capitol police officers john gibson and jacob chestnut, who bravely protected others… 
my full statement: 
venezuela is crumbling under the oppression of maduro. the world cannot abandon venezuelans in their time of need.… 
president trump must immediately denounce any requests from foreign countries that place american citizens in dange… 
that any president would even consider turning an american citizen over to russia for questioning is outrageous and… 
unlike the president,  is a true american patriot who shed light on russia’s human rights abuses and did not… 
by not instantly and unequivocally denying russia’s nefarious request to interrogate american ambassador , p… 
we cannot forget the lessons of the  hurricane season and must use our experience to prepare for this year. tod… 
proud to meet with  truman scholar mussab ali from jersey city. we discussed his experiences with the program a… 
members of the asia pacific council of american chambers of commerce met with me today in washington to discuss tra… 
spoke with new jersey students participating in  about their experience in washington and the issues the… 
scott pruitt is gone and the epa can finally start working on behalf of americans’ health. yet, pruitt's last offic… 
the world must turn its eyes to #masaya &amp; #monimbo where multiple reports show #ortega paramilitary gangs holding a… 
pressure the white house to fully implement bipartisan sanctions we already passed last year. demand the relevant c… 
speaker ryan, if you are truly concerned about the “menacing” actions of russia: take action, you are not powerless… 
my full statement: 
it’s putin’s word vs the findings of us intelligence agencies, where brave americans have greatly sacrificed to ser… 
members of the peruvian congress met with me yesterday to discuss the u.s.-peru relationship and share in a discour… 
president trump should cancel his meeting with putin next week in light of today’s indictments against  russian i… 
spoke with  representatives yesterday from the th district about fighting for girls’ equal access to educat… 
as ortega brutally crushes nicaraguan citizens peacefully protesting for democracy, the us cannot sit idly by. toda… 
yesterday’s  hearing focused on our relationships with nations in the western hemisphere, but i could… 
nato is not a plaything. if president trump has real policy changes for nato he should present them, but bullying o… 
the nomination of kavanaugh is an alarm bell for roe v wade, the affordable care act, and consumer protections. we… 
i am relieved that scott pruitt has finally stepped down from his role as administrator of the environmental protec… 
i wish everyone a safe and happy independence day with family and friends! celebrate all the values our country str… 
 members and i demanded the inspector general of each department involved in the zero tolerance policy to invest… 
along with  and my  colleagues, we demanded an official report from homeland security, doj… 
h.r. , the #keepfamiliestogetheract would ban any homeland security, doj, or hhs official from removing childre… 
the fight against the trump admin.’s zero tolerance policy is ongoing. we will not let our country become a place t… 
after the tragic events yesterday,  journalists continued working in the face of violence to provide the… 
attended this morning’s  markup on bills addressing our country’s relationship with nato, guatemala,… 
spoke with , human rights ombudsman of guatemala, about the importance of his country’s fight against c… 
spoke with  this morning about the continued efforts to strengthen the relationship between the u.s. and isra… 
attended the  markup today addressing a number of issues including the national flood insurance progr… 
sat down with representatives of  this morning to discuss the priorities facing the armenian-american commu… 
i voted no on speaker ryan’s hardline immigration bill, h.r.. this bill did nothing to end family separation, l… 
#janus attacks the very engine of growth for the middle class – unions. workers’ ability to negotiate for fair wage… 
beyond maddening to hear a president of the u.s. disparage our justice system &amp; call for the end of immigration cou… 
as a nation we are currently facing many trying and critical issues, it is imperative that we move forward with civ… 
recent events illustrate just how bitter our nation's politics have become. it is extremely important that we raise… 
“which leaves us facing a question: what kind of country are we? the world has been nervously asking that since nov… 
proud to welcome the newest new jersey’s newest american citizens at kean university this week. standing with forme… 
america must continue fighting for lgbtq+ individuals, ensuring that they receive equal rights under the law. proud… 
i am proud that the #coptic community has found a home in america and i will continue to fight the discrimination t… 
sat down with robert marro of the burma task force to discuss the ongoing rohingya crisis. the world cannot look aw… 
we shouldn’t have to wait for a fatal accident to protect our pipelines. at today’s railroads &amp; pipelines subcommit… 
this administration's policy towards afghanistan was the focus of today’s  hearing. with the mounting… 
this afternoon, i sat down with elena castaneda, a business owner in north bergen, to discuss challenges facing sma… 
sat down with officials from taiwanese organizations to discuss ways to bolster the u.s.-taiwan business relationsh… 
this #worldrefugeeday, we must remind ourselves of the compassion that drives our founding american principles. let… 
encouraged to see  of my colleagues and many of my fellow new jersey representatives join h.r. , the… 
i am proud to be an original cosponsor of h.r. , the #keepfamiliestogetheract, which would end the 'zero-tolera… 
outrageous that the house gop and white house continue to shrug their shoulders at the separation crisis. when it h… 
“it was heart-wrenching in there. i came here when i was ,” the -year-old sires said. “it is a different countr… 
they are being held in terrible conditions. they don’t know where their children have been taken. they don’t know w… 
 : jail officials are beginning to let us through the door for security screening.    coming…
 : headed into the #ice facility now to meet with fathers who have been separated from their families. …
on this #fathersday, my colleagues and i decided to see firsthand the unfolding tragedy of family separation by ice… 
 : we are here today to tell trump and jeff sessions that america welcomes its tired, its poor, its huddled masses -- it doe…
 : this #fathersday i’m leading a meeting, along with      …
i won’t back down from fighting for the jersey shore. nj has spoken loudly in opposition to offshore drilling, even… 
cultural dialogues are critical to expanding our understanding and appreciation for one another. sat down yesterday… 
my colleagues and i met with president  of costa rica yesterday to discuss the relationship between our… 
sat down with  of the  to discuss the challenges facing international law enforcement… 
the alarming global trend of authoritarian regimes flies in the face of our country’s history of democracy. this mo… 
my full statement on the gop bill to fine nj for preventing offshore drilling: 
the house gop is trying to intimidate new jersey through trite legislative games. we won’t apologize for wanting to… 
new jersey pilots from  stopped by today to share their perspectives on the industry and important legisl… 
ambassador katrina cooper from  and i spoke today about the friendship between australia and the u.s., a… 
today, i met with members of the  to discuss recent events in the middle east and how the u.s. can co…   : #preexistingconditions protections get a lot of attention - and rightfully so! - but it's so important to remember tha…
 : thank you  +  for introducing the #enrollact. the #enrollact would undo % cuts to programs made by the tr…
 : for  years,  has focused on what he can take away: your citizenship. your healthcare. your right to vot…
 : this wasn't just an anti-semitic act. but it was also an act against refugees and against immigrants.  …
 : what we saw in #pittsburgh this weekend reminds us we must continue to stand forcefully against the #antisemitism and hat…
 : we are so proud to support the #enrollact, which would guarantee funding for enrollment assistance, with our friends a…
😳  can run but he can’t hide: trump admin &amp; state of florida under rick scott are currently suing in cou… 
thank you for your support, , , , and !
i’m introducing the #enrollact w/ to ensure our neighbors keep receiving help from navigators &amp; undo some of… 
    welcome to our wonderful, diverse community! 🌤🌴🐬🐠😎
 : attended  puerto rico recovery &amp; assistance task force with  to discuss long term community r…
 : my sincere thanks to  and  for allowing me to enjoy their #puertorico task force meeting.…
thank you ⁦⁩ for listening to #tampa #hillsborough community advocates working to lift families stil… 
refuse to become accustomed 
 : we grieve for the americans murdered in pittsburgh. all of us have to fight the rise of anti-semitism and hateful rhetoric…
 :  
sending love to #pittsburgh  #squirrelhill from #tampabay ❤️💔                                👉 ameri… 
🇺🇸 take the time to vote early this weekend! it’s so easy! #teamcastor voted early at  … 
👏👏👏 vital for #tampa’s future especially if we can link w modern transit to connect to jobs … 
thank you to all who serve in law enforcement ... we appreciate all you do everyday to keep our communities safe! t… 
😳 yet, we hear all sorts of gopers, including trump and gov scott, say otherwise around election time. they’ve foug… 
👉 #florida families do not want to return to the days when insurance companies could discriminate against cancer su… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : reminder: with c. blythe andrews library under construction, we're holding early voting at the cyrus greene center. th…
 : a little #tbt for your timeline!  thank you so much  for coming out to our #academyday a few weeks ago and sp…
we must #actonclimate &amp; reduce the soaring costs driven by warmer temperatures. ☀️ solar, clean energy &amp; smarter de… 
 : fellow  #bulls 👉🏼 voting has gotten even easier for our student community with a new early voting site locat…
 : thank you so much to  for inviting us to go vote early with you  today! you have until nov.  to…
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
🇺🇸 see you #usf #tampa for early voting 😄 it’s so convenient! 
🚨 so many impt issues for #florida: health care, high quality public schools &amp; colleges, red tide, costs of climate… 
 seth and liz, so happy for you!!!😁 welcome emmy! 💗
🥖 nothing is better than ⁦⁩ on a beautiful #tampa morning! 😁 #cafeconleche ☕️ 🌴🌅🌤 
💚💛 sam bell honored by  for founding  - sam has made a positive difference in the lives of mi… 
we must move past the politicization of #climatechange &amp; come up w/comprehensive answers to this global issue. i lo… 
 : hillsborough county voters can vote early from monday, october  until sunday, november . early voting locations wil…
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
truth in tweets: republicans fought pitched battle last year to repeal #aca &amp; preexisting conditions protection. pe… 
truth: trump &amp; gop pushing junk health plans w/no real protections for preexisting conditions. 🤦🏽‍♀️ that’s why i’v… 
actions speak louder than tweets. truth: trump &amp; republicans currently suing to take away preexisting conditions pr… 
 : #redtide likely worsened by climate change, nutrient pollution, say scientists talking to   and …
 : joined w/ fl partners and environmental champions  and  to discuss #redtide mitigation with…
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : red tide discussion in pinellas county. ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ listen to shan collins, manager,…
 :  is hosting a red tide roundtable at psta with ,  and psta board chair …
i ❤️#florida and will do all i can to tackle #redtide 👉 looking forward to hearing from business owners &amp; … 
 : we take putin’s word he didn’t interfere in  election, kim’s he will denuclearize, and mbs that he had no role in kha…
the american people deserve a congress that fights for them! democrats will . return to “pay as you go” . fight t… 
#goptaxscam &amp; cynical agenda: massive, unpaid-for handouts to big corporations - then stick seniors, children &amp; fam… 
republicans in congress have driven nat'l deficit to highest ever due to massive tax cuts for super-rich, big corpo… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
 : many people in florida's panhandle where i've spent the last few days are without electricity and other basic necessitie…
 : gillum’s running mate chris king swings through tampa, joins  in slamming desantis for having no healthca…
trump’s weak response to likely murder of noted journalist &amp; critic of oppressive saudi regime undermines america’s… 
wonderful! please help spread the word 👉 the  is free to ride 😁🚊 #tampa #yborcity for lunch? 
🇺🇸 outstanding students at #academyday  in #tampa  macdill air force base, florida 
wonderful to see such outstanding students at #academyday! 🇺🇸  #tampa #teammacdill #teamcastor  
 : our  dream keepers ball was featured in the latest edition of amy scherzer's diary in the tampa bay times! at last mon…
welcome to #tampa   🇺🇸 we love our ⚽️ here! kick it #usmnt! 
see the latest regarding urgent request for aid to #florida re #hurricanemichael   ty   &amp; co… 
all floridians understand that “there but for the grace of god go i”   to our #florida neighbors to the north, send… 
thank you ⁦⁩ for working to lift our #tampa neighbors &amp; connect them w good-paying jobs, housing and ec… 
 : the annual  “champions luncheon” is under way.  thank you  for being a great emcee and  for…
today is the last day to register to vote &amp; still be able to participate in florida’s  general election. if you… 
we ❤️ our #usps in #tampa!  let’s keep it strong &amp; #forthepeople #usmailnotforsale 👉 push to privatize too costly f… 
we have a moral obligation to act now to limit temperature increases due to carbon pollution. i see enormous opport… 
 : tomorrow, october , is the last day you can register to vote and still be able to participate in florida’s  gener…
 : we must all remember - especially today - that the torch of #liberty 🗽 and the scales of #justice ⚖️ are carried by women…
i am grateful for the work they have done for decades. see more here  and call  or -… 
here in tampa,  provides help to survivors of sexual abuse, sexual assault, domestic violence &amp; more… 
kavanaugh’s demeanor &amp; untruthful statements disqualified him from the court in my opinion, but the president’s moc… 
everywhere i have gone over the past week, friends and neighbors across tampa have wanted to share their thoughts o… 
rep. kathy castor: kavanaugh “disqualified himself” 
bipartisan legislation to combat the opioid epidemic is on its way to the president’s desk. it includes my bill to… 
👆      
¡miren lo largoooo que es la boleta este año!  y yo les recomendamos que “voten por correo” este año… 
 : thank you   for visiting your feeder schools today with some rythm 🥁🥁🥁  https://t…
tampa bay is a great place for small businesses! it was fabulous to see everyone  #ssl luncheon in… 
 : democrats encouraging voting as ballots get mailed out   #earlyvoting #mailballots #politics #tam…
 : as if we needed more evidence to make it crystal clear that trump's epa and  do not care about children's hea…
call -- and the hillsborough supervisor of elections will send you your vote by mail ballot! 🇺🇸📫 
🇺🇸 #florida voters 👉 vote by mail is a good idea this year. check out the loooong ballot with all of the races, ame… 
 : consumers beware! junk health insurance plans are now more widely available as part of the trump admin’s ongoing attack…
 : happy first day of #turnouttuesday! are you registered to vote yet? register today! also, try to knock on  doors and see…
my bill honoring  major andreas o’keeffe passed the house! 🇺🇸 👉 town 'n' country post office to be named… 
#trumpstoxicteam strikes again. their dirty policies impact our health and the health of our kids. polluters get a… 
 : after rolling back the #cleanpowerplan,  is moving on to critical mercury protections. it’s painfully clear …
trump’s epa is a danger to floridians 👉 fish in coastal waters &amp; tampa bay can contain high levels of mercury, a co… 
 : carl hiaasen could not be more on point!  
 : weakening the epa’s ability to protect the most vulnerable - washington post 
 :  lives changed at  expungement event removing the stain that an arrest or minor criminal violation can have…
 : we are serving the residents of hillsborough county and beyond at the expungement clinic.    access to jobs, hou…
today the u.s. house passed my legislation to honor the memory of usaf major andreas o’keeffe by naming the thrivin… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
my early morning walk took me to supreme court inscribed w “justice, guardian of liberty” and “equal justice under… 
 : remarkable: the american bar association calls for a delay in kavanaugh’s confirmation until the fbi can investigate
democratic women of the house going to senate to urge postponement for investigation!#kavanaughhearings 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
thinking about all of the brave women today who have spoken truth to power! #kavanaughhearings #metoo 
🙋🏽‍♀️ go joicelynne! proud of you!! #teamcastor 
keep up the important work  supporting female professionals on capitol hill! 🇺🇸 
i welcomed tampa families to washington today for the  ceremony honoring the us cgc tampa &amp; her crew. we remem… 
 : the deadline to register to vote is around the corner: tuesday, october th – and the fastest, easiest way for …
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
icymi american dream awards in #tampa   via 
 : . has repeatedly promised huge cuts in drug prices. sadly, as with many of his other promises, he hasn'…
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
i met with cuban president miguel díaz-canel today. during the meeting, i stressed the importance of continued dial… 
the threat of deputy ag rosenstein's removal underscores what my colleagues &amp; i have said for over a year: trump’s… 
 : esta semana presenté el discurso semanal demócrata con respecto al primer aniversario de #maria. exigimos respuestas de…
¡atención familias de #tampabay y #florida! por favor, mira a mi colega   año después de… 
 : on /  presented distinguished univ. prof  with an american dream award which recognizes the…
for yummy house founders jun wu zhao &amp; jiahua tang, business is booming. they've earned the american dream award th… 
monica rodriguez, through her work at the latino coalition of tampa bay and humana/careplus health plans, is dedica… 
dr. yogi goswami from the prestigious  clean energy research center was honored for his illustrious c… 
adriana dinis at  was also honored for her work as an immigration attorney and lending her voice when the… 
christine campbell, a social worker at , is one recipient for is taking the role of the school socia… 
i awarded six local individuals with the american dream award last night for their outstanding accomplishments afte… 
great to see so many families and students inspired by the america dream!  #americandreamawards   … 
 : christine campbell school social worker  receives the #americandreamer award from  for her s…
today marks one year after #hurricanemaria &amp; #puertorico continues to suffer from the destruction caused by the sto… 
reminder for tonight! 
mira esto 👇  
thank you #tampabay defense alliance for highlighting dangers of oil drilling in the gulf of mexico to vital milita… 
 : as ocean temperatures continue to rise, we are at risk for more damaging tropical weather. it’s time republicans joined…
the us senate must rise to the occasion and take dr. ford’s allegations against judge kavanaugh w/the seriousness &amp;… 
our patriotic community thanks  for all they've done to keep us safe these past  years, both here in t… 
dr. ford is courageous for coming forward &amp; sharing her experience. the senate judiciary committee must immediately… 
i urge the us senate to investigate sexual assault allegations re judge kavanaugh, heed bipartisan calls for thorou… 
join me! and  on /  for my american dream awards ceremony &amp; town hall meeting to celeb… 
 : congratulations to  and  for advancing the #acekidsact. children with #autism and complex medica…
 : healthcare update: patients deserve quality, affordable health insurance. that's why today we joined , …
🎸🎼  hey #tampabay ... are you ready for #bandsandballots in downtown #tampa -pm this saturday?! plan on it! join… 
the health of my neighbors in tampa, across florida &amp; the entire country is a top priority. that's why i've introdu… 
good news! thanks to the tireless advocacy of families w/kids w/complex medical challenges, my bipartisan… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
 : .: yesterday, the president said his response to puerto rico was a ‘success.’  -  americans dead - fa…
thank you  and everyone who agreed to #riseforclimate across #florida 🌴🌤 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
 : .: hillsborough county public schools getting $. million from feds for helping students from puerto rico: htt…

hey #tampabay! join students 🙋🏽‍♀️🙋🏾‍♂️ this saturday night for , music, register to vote 🇺🇸 in dow… 
 : glad to have  and our children’s hospital families with us to highlight #acekidsact and care for fl kids! …
&amp; president genshaft’s commitment to upward bound, latino scholarships &amp; access to college has paid dividends. i wi… 
the tampa bay area has evolved into one of the most dynamic communities for health innovation in america largely du… 
#usf president genshaft has helped take  to the next level. under her leadership, usf has risen to on… 
there's still time to register for this very special ceremony.  if you know anyone who served from  through … 
👉vietnam war th commemoration to honor these veterans &amp; surviving spouses with commemorative pins &amp; personal than… 
the future of planet earth is at stake! this is urgent ... so it was great to see #tampa turn out to… 
 : because #weclimbtogether and care for our students! #hcpsproud 
fantastic news for florida public schools and students ... and the future of our great state! 
 : thx ,  and  health subcommittee for passing the #acekidsact to improve care for kid…
 : obama is delivering a speech at the university of illinois. follow me for a video thread. 
news:  to receive $.m in federal aid for displaced students from #puertorico. hillsborough public… 
 : watch live: oversight and investigations subcommittee hearing on quality of care and resident safety in nursing homes →
 : has supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh had a conversation about robert mueller or his investigation with anyone at…
first, republicans voted to take away protections for americans with pre-existing health conditions like asthma, di… 
we can provide better health care to kids with complex medical conditions across america if congress will pass… 
republicans in florida including gov rick scott are pressing to gut pre-existing condition protections in this laws… 
brett kavanaugh has shown himself to be an extremist who, if he became a supreme court justice, would threaten the… 
on #laborday, let’s recommit to the fight for higher wages and an end inequality among our neighbors. the workp… 
read it 👉 they sat in hypocrisy   
 : mounting dolphin deaths in florida’s red tide zone trigger federal investigation 
🌴🌤this cannot be ignored! florida is too beautiful, and our way of life is tied to clean water and clean beaches.… 
george sheldon was a thoughtful, caring soul. he will be missed ... read this nice column by dan ruth 
 : new maria death toll numbers are a tragic reminder of how our gov't abandoned puerto rico at a time of need. congress m…
 : la congresista  (fl-) ayudó a iniciar la construcción de un nuevo edificio en el hospital para veteranos ja…
 : john thorington and  were pleased to host , legislative aide to , for a briefing and…
america loses a true patriot in senator john mccain. honor him with independent thinking, love of country 🇺🇸 #americanhero
 :  if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by refusing…
🇺🇸  is an american hero. sending prayers to him and his family - with admiration for his patriotism,… 
fantastic ! 🇺🇸    
i was proud to present n’jhari jackson with the congressional award  school for his extraordinary vo… 
great! thanks  👏👏👏 it is important to make it more convenient for  students, faculty,… 
thank you to  for your partnership in boosting wages, creating opportunity for all in #tampa area! 
 : the dept. of interior wants to expand #offshoredrilling - but local business leaders like these in tampa are speaking out to #pr…
🙋🏽‍♀️  months after #hurricanemaria, we’re working to help children, families from #puertorico who relocated to… 
trump admin sides w dirty air &amp; coal plants over kids &amp; our health:   “the fine print includes an acknowledgment th… 
 : the u.s. is moving away from coal, trump and former coal lobbyist and acting epa administrator andrew wheeler released an a…
😳#trumptoxicteam: dirty air for our kids, higher costs for all, but gop donors get help   instead, 🇺🇸 needs clean e… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
counting on you to fight for change ! #endgunviolence 
with the passing of delia sanchez, we have lost one of the most impactful citizens to ever call tampa home. she was… 
“scott is a walking conflict of interest” #cultureofcorruption 
 : and remember: the obama plan was real high-speed rail. scott’s shady plan is semi-high-speed rail. 
 : it’s a friday in mid august during lunch and the mighty chief drumline performs as we get ready for our pre-season ope…
rick scott will be remembered for turning his back on floridians, refusing to bring $. billion of our hard-earned… 
 : my rage about this saga knows no bounds. the corruption is just the cherry on top. 
highly respected former  commander admrl bill mcraven speaks out re trump’s repugnant behavior: “through yo… 
the bipartisan john mccain national defense authorization act (#ndaa), signed into law this week, included investme… 
yesterday, i visited  in #tampa, which houses a kc- aircraft simulator that will soon go to macdill afb… 
🇺🇸boosting wages &amp; keeping america safe:  is central to america’s national security and our local econo… 
🇺🇸 journalism and a free press are the lifeblood of a thriving democracy. insults, baiting and violence against rep… 
this is a gem👇 #aretha gave voice to  fight for equal rights, urged us on, made us stronger! #respect #queenofsoul 
🇺🇸✈️ awesome flight over #tampabay w ⁦⁦⁩ america as #kc simulator set to move to ⁦⁩ to train… 
🇺🇸 
my first reaction was do we have president or a th grader running the country....  ... but really, trump demonstra… 
 : let me get this straight: john brennan had his security clearance revoked today for no reason at all, but mike flynn wa…
 : john brennan was the point person for the obama white house on the operation that killed osama bin laden. he knows a lot more…
 : thank you  for voting the right way on snap. we urge you to stay strong and not let older floridians go hungry. #p…  can’t make any changes to the constitution via executive order. trump is desperate to distract from the gop’s on… 
it is this generation’s obligation to create a civil society that embraces the humanity in one another, and leaves… 
in congress, we are committed to emergency preparedness across the nation. because of climate change and upticks in… 
historic buildings in our district, though beautiful have not been updated to fit the needs of families today. thos… 
🚨 emergency preparedness training 🚨with  is underway! join , assemblywoman jaime william… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the families of those lost in the mass shooting at the tree of life * or l’simcha… 
brooklyn’s own #wwii vet, ssg edward mrozik received a congressional gold medal in honor of his service in the offi… 
nyc will now offer unlimited sick leave to city workers who contracted illnesses due to / rescue &amp; recovery oper… 
staff sergeant mrozik is one of fewer than  living members of , the agency that became the . thou… 
today, it is my honor to present a replica of the congressional gold medal to staff sergeant edward mrozik for his… 
today, we celebrate the amazing accomplishments of  recipients in new york. i’m proud to co-host today’s c… 
girls run the world! ✨ joined  in #sheepsheadbay to discuss the importance of women in politics. we t… 
🚨: republicans in congress are planning to destroy medicare, medicaid and social security—hurting the most vulnerab… 
today is the last day for new yorkers to register to vote in the upcoming november elections! learn more here: 
the cost of living adjustment is a crucial #socialsecurity protection b/c it ensures that benefits keep up with inf… 
's policies are a target on the back of african-americans and other marginalized communities. the only way we’re… 
republicans and #toxictrump have abandoned any progress to reverse #climatechange in order to prop up polluters. de… 
the effects of air pollution are especially harmful to the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and low-inc… 
the  released their bombshell climate report on sunday. we may be at risk of a major climate crisis as early as… 
i will be closely monitoring the #haitiearthquake. the people of haiti are still recovering from the massive destru… 
over the years, the vincentian-american independent national charities, inc. has been at the forefront of building… 
a prayer for our first responders at . on behalf of the ninth congressional district, i would like t… 
the sport of cricket is the world’s favorite past time but the cricket hall of fame represents much more. it recogn… 
day of independence committee of panamanians in ny () celebrating panamanian independence day, with preside… 
there’s sensible gun violence prevention legislation that we can consider, but the congress must act. when will eno… 
this morning, i join the oyebola family to lay -year-old oluwadurotimi “timi” oyebola to rest. the #brownsville c… 
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
 : judge kavanaugh’s stunning decision to pen an op-ed bluntly confirms he has neither the judgment nor the temperament to b…
the continued disenfranchisement of u.s. residents continues to stand out as the most blatant violation of the most… 
more than  million american citizens are denied the right to vote. our government should not deny any citizen the… 
the lack of democratic accountability in u.s. territories violates america’s most basic values. #fairnessterritories #scotus
us district judge in ca granted a preliminary injunction, temporarily blocking 's attack on tps. good news for ou… 
trump mocks #drchristineblaseyford  trump mocks abc reporter trump mocks #metoo movement trump mocks disabled repor… 
up next. tune in now! 
will join my friend, ,  at : to discuss trump’s mocking of #drchristineblaseyford, kavanaugh’s no… 
when the people have spoken..., , you’re up next. #fightfor 
congratulations to the nearly , amazon workers who will now receive $ an hour. thank you to the #fightfor… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
happy th anniversary ! a special shout-out to , who works tirelessly to provide vital services… 
timi oyebola lost his life to senseless gun violence in #brownsville on september , . today, … 
calling all middle school and high school students in the ninth congressional district 📢. the deadline for the cong… 
 : we need this. smart move,  
the white house has put parameters on the  investigation into these allegations against judge kavanaugh  withou… 
the #kanavaughhearings were a painful experience for our nation, for dr. #christineblaseyford, for other woman who… 
if you believe that  has illegitimacy, then that may extend to anyone he would appoint to the supre… 
happy sunday! tune in to  now! in just a moment i'll be joining bob slade, bob pickett, and fatiyn muhamma… 
celebrating  years of service with the excelsior alumni association, my father’s alma mater. many great leaders a… 
congratulations to tonight’s honorees. each of you represent the very best of our community and the very best of ja… 
tonight, i’m celebrating  years of service with the jamaica progressive league . congratulations to… 
the #goptaxscam raises americans’ health care premiums dramatically. democrats are fighting #forthepeople to undo t… 
joined my cbc colleagues in a roundtable discussion with president akufo-addo of ghana this morning to discuss the… 
the american bar association has called on  to pause the vote on judge kavanaugh’s nomination until an… 
cbc chairman  &amp; i sent a letter to the trump administration demanding it rescind its forthcoming public… 
. already voted to take away healthcare from millions of americans. now they’re suing to take away protect… 
re-opening an  background investigation into a nominee is pretty common and can be done quickly. before giving… 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on… 
the nerve. the audacity. 
 : amid reports that  may fire rod rosenstein,  &amp;  must immediately allow a vote on legi…
reminder: % of sexual assaults go unreported. that is never the fault of the survivor. it is the fault of a cultu… 
to dr. blasey ford and all the survivors, please know you are not alone. you are resilient. millions of us have your back.
i believe dr. blasey ford. i still believe anita hill. i #believesurvivors. period.
#pregnantwomenincustody deserve a national standard of care. proud to introduce bipartisan legislation to do just that.
congress must pass the #pregnantwomenincustody act to make sure that what happened to pamela doesn’t happen to any… 
establishing a standard of care for #pregnantwomenincustody is a matter of human rights. proud to introduce legisla… 
this is a cynical ploy to divide and distract us from all the ways this administration is actually hurting middle-c… 
if true, trump’s newly announced public charge rule is yet another attempt to intimidate &amp; demonize immigrants. it… 
do you have a low-level marijuana conviction or an outstanding summons warrant? join  this friday and sa… 
we have a legal and moral obligation to help, restore, and rebuild communities in our territories that were impacte… 
these are our fellow americans. shame on this administration and this government for ignoring them. #florence has r… 
as,  pointed out last week, the usvi was hit by two category  storms in a -day period—where was… 
a few thoughts as hurricane season continues...  it’s been one year since hurricanes #irma and #maria devastated th… 
on september  &amp; ,  will host "begin again," which gives brooklyn residents an opportunity to clear t… 
suicide is the th leading cause of death in the u.s., and each year, , americans die by suicide. i support p… 
today, i send my greetings to my jewish friends and constituents who are celebrating #yomkippur. gmar chatima tova-… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. let’s not make the same mistake again – the senate must g… 
 : watch: ia joined  and small business &amp; community leaders of , , &amp; , in brook…
this will not make us safer or stronger. each and every day this president dishonors our deepest values. we should… 
i support keeping jewish artifacts out of the hands of governments that have persecuted jews. ,… 
hey dads, tomorrow is “take your child to school day!” learn more here:    cc: 
 is deflecting blame by politicizing a national tragedy. incredible. #trumplies 
 : it is unconscionable for trump to call the federal response to hurricane maria in puerto rico “incredibly successful”—…
as we pause and reflect on september th, we continue to mourn those we lost and honor those first responders who… 
standing shoulder-to-shoulder with my colleagues. we must block 's attacks on federal workers. our public servant… 
congratulations to nia franklin, the th miss new york to win miss america in  years! you've made brooklyn proud.… 
shana tova to my friends and constituents who are celebrating rosh hashanah. i hope the new year brings you all ble… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
proud to be part of this bicameral effort with  and . maternal mortality is a women’s heal… 
hearing’s underway. follow here ⬇️ 
 : if republicans get their way, pregnant women and americans with asthma, arthritis, cancer, depression, diabetes or othe…
celebrating culture, camaraderie, and the many contributions of caribbean-american people at the  west indian a… 
good morning, #brooklyn! wishing everyone a happy and safe j’ouvert and carnival today! which nation/island are you… 
#happyindependenceday to the twin islands of trinidad and tobago! did you know that "sweet t&amp;t" is birthplace of th… 
flatbush residents: icymi -the nyc department of transportation recently approved a traffic signal at the intersect… 
i'm excited to announce that my office is hosting the  congressional app challenge in #ny! middle school and… 
this morning, i met with  leadership and members to discuss upcoming changes to medicare and snap due to the… 
today we lost an american hero—a true patriot and statesman. john mccain was a man of outstanding integrity and cou… 
thank you to the langston hughes tenants association for honoring me at this year’s family day celebrating  years… 
i join my colleagues in congress in prayer for an american patriot, john mccain and the mccain family during this difficult time.
thank you  in brooklyn for welcoming me into your space. it’s important that we continue to promote c… 
. has grown incredibly in the last year by creating collaborative and creative spaces for startups an… 
today, i’m proud to participate in startup week across america to raise awareness of entrepreneurial activity and j… 
i’m here in #crownheights, promoting a safe and peaceful j’ouvert at the #loveyourself bk peace concert. tonight we… 
as a member of , i recognize my role in helping to foster an environment that makes it easier for entr… 
small businesses &amp; startups are backbone of brooklyn. they play a pivotal role in the strength of our local economy… 
did you know that new york is one of the top six states with the most startup activity? america’s small businesses… 
it was great to join assemblywoman diana richardson and my constituents in prospect lefferts gardens yesterday at a… 
eid mubarak to everyone around the world celebrating eid al-adha. i wish my muslim friends, constituents and collea… 
republicans who continue to defend the nunes memo and spread these lies either refused to read the applications, or… 
released fbi documents clearly state that they believe page was the target of russian recruitment and there was a l… 
 and his allies in congress released the nunes memo to discredit the russia investigation and to mislead the american public.
today is a historic day. rogers ave. at newkirk ave. was co-named jean jacques dessalines blvd. we are paying homag… 
the world mourns the loss of the honorable kofi annan. he was a humanitarian icon who fought to preserve global pea… 
. have #abetterdeal that will put americans back to work, put our country back on track, and push ou… 
our economy isn’t working the way it should – salaries and wages can't support the average cost of living.… 
. have a vision of an economy defined by opportunity – opportunity for americans willing to work har… 
#smallbiz highlight: today, veggie natural juice bar &amp; cafe opened their rd location in #prospectleffertsgardens.… 
soundtrack of my life: ✔️think ✔️respect ✔️jump to it ✔️day dreaming ✔️a deeper love ✔️amazing grace ✔️riding on the freeway
she was the voice of my childhood. a powerhouse. an advocate. a legend. the queen of soul. there was no one like he… 
women of color and women with low incomes already face barriers to accessing health care. in a world where abortion… 
numbers don't lie: the majority of people favor personal liberty, affordable health care &amp; the constitutional right… 
how much do we really depend on gps? join me, , , and  in talking about new opportunitie… 
we must make protecting and preserving nature and wildlife a priority, especially in our cities. thank you… 
the migratory bird treaty act (mbta) is under attack. if it were up to republicans the mbta wouldn't provide any in… 
since july , we have seen 's atrocious helsinki defense of russian meddling in , the indictment of  russi… 
 has shown he will pay any price to undermine the doj, to protect himself, and to preserve his relationship with… 
this morning  and i are learning about the many indigenous bird species that live right in my neighborh… 
our country could afford to create social security during the great depression. we can afford to protect and expand it now.  #socsec
senior bankruptcy rates have tripled since  because of lost savings and higher medical costs – we need to prote… 
social security has been working #forthepeople for  years. let’s protect it, expand it, and defend it from republican attacks. #socsec
 in  retirees rely solely on social security for income. we won’t let the  pull the rug out from under t… 
it was great to see you, ! 
happy independence day to my pakistani friends and constituents who are celebrating! thanks to  for having… 
what a treat it was to celebrate our community’s achievements with archbishop dr. von b. johyn and my friends at is… 
the quality of journalism reflects the quality of the democracy. join me, , and  in talking… 
dems will not stand idly by while the trump administration does nothing to address the humanitarian crisis in centr… 
we cannot allow trump to continue his destruction of families and government sanctioned child abuse - we need legis… 
family separation has been condemned by child welfare experts, immigrations rights advocates, and medical professio… 
it’s time to bring our cities into the st century! join me, , and  in talking tech and entr… 
i’ve got some proposals for the #spaceforce logos. meanwhile house dems just launched the #medicareforallcaucus and… 
 : today is ywca in-district advocacy day, so we stopped by the office of  to talk about critical legislatio…
update: thank you to  for your prompt response to my letter on the switch from copper lines to fiber optic… 
the  is fighting to restore our voting rights, empower workers, boost educational opportunities, improv… 
in , trump asked black voters "what do you have to lose by voting for me?" black voters knew the answer would b… 
i am so grateful for the hard work of our district office interns here in brooklyn. thanks to … 
nearly , people in my district are small business employees - their jobs and livelihoods are being threatened… 
the #goptaxscam will cost the federal government $. trillion dollars. who will bear the costs of this law? small business owners.
shoutout to the rd precinct. thank you for making #nationalnightout a success! #brooklynstandup 
tonight is #nationalnightout! we’re here to build stronger neighborhood spirit, police-community partnerships and t… 
i am deeply troubled by the brutality exhibited at a local nail salon in my district. no business owners or their e… 
i support equal pay because i know the worth of a hard-working black woman. we are the fastest growing entrepreneur… 
the average black woman makes % less than the average white man. if you were paid fairly, what would you do with… 
today is #blackwomensequalpayday. this means the average black woman must work until august  to be paid what th… 
trump’s anti-immigrant policies put immigrants at risk and aim to prevent pathways to citizenship. his vision for a… 
there’s nothing like independence day service at st. frances of rome church! what are you doing to celebrate today?… 
today, i was blessed to be surrounded by my constituents and friends as we raised the jamaican flag in brooklyn to… 
#onthisday in , president johnson signed the #votingrightsact into law, which was critical in ensuring that ame… 
as a proud jamaican-american, i would like to encourage all jamaicans to remember and cherish the sacrifices of our… 
#happyindependenceday jamaica, land we love! our gifted nation produces some of the world's most prolific athletes… 
i’m excited to host a citizenship education workshop tomorrow at shiloh sda church. our friends at  will be o… 
during last week’s #chatwithydc telephone townhall, my constituents shared their concerns regarding the switch from… 
join us this sunday for our citizenship education workshop. our friends at  will be on site to answer any tou… 
despite having the highest rate of labor force participation of any demographic, black women are unemployed at x t… 
the average black female loan seeker faces an interest rate . basis points greater than her white female counter… 
the average lifetime wage gap for black women is over $,. #payblackwomen
black women will be most negatively affected by the supreme court’s recent ruling against public sector unions in j… 
join us today on twitter for a tweet chat in ~ minutes on using ’s hashtag #payblackwomen. 
rep. ron dellums' legacy is one i will never forget.  he was a founding member of , a pillar in the  an… 
medicare &amp; medicaid provide critical healthcare coverage to our most vulnerable communities. as the  works rele… 
today, the american people celebrate  years of a transformed healthcare system. medicare and medicaid were signed… 
want to know what we’re up to in congress? subscribe to my newsletter for legislative and community updates from ny… 
i’ll be joining the conversation! follow along at #payblackwomen on /. 
this week, new york celebrates  years since joining the union. i am so proud to be brooklyn-bred and to represen… 
the world wants to know: where are the children ⁦⁩ &amp; ⁦⁩? not having answers, and failing… 
in honor of #nationalinternday, i would like to thank the brilliant young women interning for #teamclarke in our co… 
nearly % of new york businesses are owned by disadvantaged owners. let’s see % of small businesses in new york… 
disadvantaged businesses are small businesses owned by individuals who are both socially and economically disadvant… 
today,  and i introduced the #streamliningsdbact.  this bill is a bipartisan effort because we know s… 
 :  thank you for sponsoring the #wateract to make water service safer, more affordable &amp; accessible!   #wat…
's zero tolerance policy represents the worst of our history, including the japanese internment camps, our refusa… 
we stand to let this administration know that enough is enough. we cannot allow these atrocities to continue.… 
today, house democrats are unveiling the #aimhigher act, which is our vision for an accessible &amp; affordable higher… 
thank you for joining me this evening! i appreciate all of your feedback, and am looking forward to working togethe… 
#brettkavanaugh upheld south carolina’s restrictive voter id laws, has challenged affirmative action, wants to over… 
i am blessed to have politically aware constituents who are concerned about the current #scotuspick. as a black wom… 
i signed a letter to ice acting dir. vitiello on telephone access policies for parents who are detained &amp; separated… 
i'm a co-sponsor of h.r., 's bill to #abolishice. the gop pulled a political stunt, refusing to brin… 
nearly , children are still separated from their families – and the gop are blocking our efforts to solve this.
% of americans say they believe russia interfered with the  election – why can’t the gop or our administratio… 
i am a co-sponsor of h.r. - special counsel independence and integrity act and h.r.  - special counsel inde… 
my constituents are concerned about the security of our future elections and our democracy, as it is crystal clear… 
#chatwithydc is starting now— join me on my telephone townhall where will cover the key issues impacting us from fo… 
icymi- brooklyn, there’s still time to register! i can’t wait to hear from you tonight at pm. 
excited to speak with all of you tomorrow! there’s still time to register. sign up here ➡️  
another heartbreaking story: on friday, mahmood salem, a yemeni in crowley, louisiana took his life thinking he’d n… 
i am committed to protecting a woman's right to make her own healthcare decisions. i support #roevwade and will sup… 
this... 
follow me on ,  and  for updates from congress and new york’s th congressional district… 
you know it! #medicareforall 
 : . spoke about trump’s “what do you have to lose?” campaign ? to aas &amp; how we've already lost a lot under t…
despite clear evidence that russia has attempted to destabilize american democracy through election hacking,…         all the money was produ… 
"after recent spate of #hatecrimes, #congress must take leadership role"-   it's past time f… 
republicans aren’t commenting on their george soros attacks, after soros conspiracy theories played into a violent… 
the most corrupt president ever: see 
.,&amp; i are demanding the judiciary committee to hold emergency hearings after a wave o… 
a nationalist , even one with only a high school diploma doesn’t capitalize “country”. and populist shouldn’t go a… 
 : this is exactly the kind of work we should be able to expect of the house judiciary committee. i applaud ,…
 : new:    urge chairman  to hold emergency hearings on hate crimes and…
and he commuted one african american’s outrageously long drug sentence. show biz co staring kardashian’s. but no po… 
memphis' jewish community shares message of unification after pittsburgh shooting  via 
#openenrollment for #healthinsurance begins this thursday, november st, &amp; ends saturday, december th. visit… 
no,not all/ far from all,and not limited to”jew”haters but also muslims,aamericans, &amp; orientations.cartoon includes… 
 : it starts with anti-semitic trolls and coded language and it ends in violence. don’t say i didn’t warn you. two and a half…
medicare,medicaid,social,security,healthcare,pre-existing coverage,minimum wage,infrastructure (jobs)bill,clearing… 
analysis | no, president trump, the nyse did not open the day after the sept.  attacks  no… 
no it’s facing reality and speaking before it’s too late for more killed and for america! authoritarianism is not t… 
well expressed 
shaking my faith in america   via  ⁦⁩ expresses so well what i’m feeling. the horror that tru… 
 i purchased jelly  grams . can i bring them in carry on?
#trump is making america dangerous again. 
the death penalty isn’t a deterrent  it is red meat vengeance politics. #guns in houses of worship… 
see my full statement regarding the tree of life synagogue shooting here: … 
the pittsburgh synagogue shooting comes amid a yearslong rise in anti-semitism  via… 
my sympathies to all treeof life victims of anti-semitic maniac. #trump must put america first and stop the antisor… 
for many #students, schooldays begin&amp;end on the bus. last month &amp; i introduced the school bus safety a… 
 : last month,  and i introduced the school bus safety act to make school busses safer by ensuring every bus is equ…
#openenrollment for #healthinsurance begins next thursday, november st, &amp; ends saturday, december th. visit… 
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day, an opportunity to get rid of unused medicines, especially pre… 
"#memphis looks for ways to keep more people out of jail -- whether or not they can afford bond"--… 
listen to this american hero and vote 
 : this is not a both sides moment.  this starts with the president.  there is no democratic leader fomenting hate and divis…
no , it is the purposely false and inaccurate statements you make to keep your base blind to their better interests… 
liar liar pants on fire! 
 : trump, reacting to the news today, says we have to come together and political violence is never acceptable  and american…
# food district in #congress! tn ! best bbcue in world and great soul food and we can go from fried chicken to co… 
today is #worldpolioday. as one who was stricken with polio before the salk and sabin vaccines were available, i ur… 
 : trump is counting on the media to dutifully follow his lies about caravans and tax cuts and pre-existing conditions and pocaho…
unbelievable liar in chief using race to protect his crimes 
 : miscarrying at work:the physical toll of #pregnancy discrimination-   in dc i met w/xpo employees,incl…
miscarrying at work:the physical toll of #pregnancy discrimination-   in dc i met w/xpo empl… 
#usda enforcement of #animalwelfare laws plummeted in -    #trump's pro-indust… 
today is the th anniversary of the saturday night massacre when nixon ordered his atty gen to fire the special pr… 
go elephants! 
threat to social security, medicare &amp; aca see paul krugman:  #trumptaxscam creates #deficit… 
gop senator opposes medicaid expansion because it prevents people from finding god  via 
“if you don’t stand for something you’ll fall for anything” and the nations of the world will walk all over you!… 
freedom award winner joe biden: a battle for the soul of america is taking place  via  joe was right on!
the recent rape conviction in an -year-old southwest memphis case was based on belated rape kit testing. i’ve wor… 
audio offers gruesome details of jamal khashoggi killing, turkish official says  america onc… 
trump out-foxed. 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history &amp; against intolerance &amp; ignorance when it comes to protecting and… 
lee dislikes lottery but offers no alternative for funding scholarships 
#saudi prince #mbs says,”i like beer,i like to drink beer,i’ve always liked beer.” 
i'm chevy chase. and you're not!  via  at least #trump (i’m president and you’re not… 
grantland rice,legendary sportswriter,”for when the one great  scorer comes to write against your name,he marks not… 
like father like son in law 
shelby elections administrator promises cohen she’ll process new voter registrations  apprec… 
trump won’t pay her as he didn’t pay back his father for “loans”(tax dodges) or his subs in atlantic city. t rump i… 
putin denied he interfered in  election and #trump believed him.#kavanaugh denied he abused… 
doesn’t look like “justice” liked what he heard from his “pal”. kennedy reputation sold for? 
 :  i loved steve cohen's comment, "isn't 'trump taxes' an oxymoron?"  i wish the host hadn't talked over it. …
 : ‘the the biggest con job on the face of the earth’: tennessee democrat drops the mic on trump’s entire time in office https:/…
no concern for human rights  and real #nikkihaley 
congressman cohen visits memphians attending u.s. naval academy  proud of all the midshipmen… 
 : “take our country back” and “make america great again” is heretical ontology. it is the white supremacist notion that a na…
lindsey graham in #tmz video response to #chelseahandler, “belittling people isn’t as funny as it used to be.” tell… 
house of cards and mirrors 
saudi $’s in #trump tower and hotel are barred by #constitution #emoluments clause. it is part of hres… 
see my op-ed on the way judicial nominations were handled in the obama era in today's commercial appeal here;… 
 : seriously, you asked russia to hack me on national television. 
asking shelby election commission for answers about % voter registration apps being invalidated.  with , mos… 
wednesday’s - senate vote to stop trump admin efforts to allow insurers to discriminate against ppl w/ pre-exis… 
today’s .% cola increase is good news. the cola is a critical protection for seniors' social security benefits. p… 
opinion | trump’s utter amorality has been exposed  #trump foreign policy “benefitting a pri… 
 : taylor swift: the amas "are voted on by the people. and you know what else is voted on by the people? it's the midterm el…
 : that time tonight at the polo bar when a table full of finance bros sit next to you-fist bump and shout "our man kavena…
beyond nixon,beyond buchanan,beyond .... 
shelby county voter registration applications surge, but many deemed invalid  via… 
rep. steve cohen (d, #tn) talks about the #kavanaugh confirmation with wolf blitzer  #memphis #democrat #progressive
#trump has been a #conjob his entire life,as  further proved in exposé on #trumptaxfraud. yesterday's… 
plenty of corrobration(therapist notes,mentions to friends in past,polygraph exam which #kavanaughcoverup refused )… 
tone deaf and blinded by his physical assault accusers. 
 : : "i think #democrats have to work hard to push for #jobs, #healthcare, #education and cleaning up a climate of #co…
i'll join  on  today  :amet/:amct on . we'll discuss yesterday's shameful conf… 
#kavanaugh lied about drinking.he lied about meanings of offensive terms in his yearbook—#devilstriangle,#boofing&amp;m… 
the republicans have all said #christineblaseyford account wasn’t  was corroborated by thera… 
 : one of worst days ever for #senatorcollins ,#scotus , #senate, #womensrights,#believesurvivors #republicans &amp; #truth.saddened…
what’s wrong with #africanamerican grandmothers? racist maybe . btw: it was “africanamerican woman” 
one of worst days ever for #senatorcollins ,#scotus , #senate, #womensrights,#believesurvivors #republicans &amp;… 
 : lol. yes. 
#sensusancollins voted for the #trump budget for an unkept promise concerning the #aca.now it appears she will put… 
#republicans have called the #kavanaughhearings a "circus without a tent", a "freak show." what can they expect whe… 
"the #senate should not confirm #kavanaugh–signed ,+ law professors (&amp;counting)"  as… 
no  she remembered #kavanaugh putting his hand over her mouth and groping her and he and his pal la… 
“but increasingly, mr. trump’s willingness to bend the truth — and the rules — in the service of his myth looks les… 
 : #flyers faa ordered to set minimum safe size of seats and space between rows on airliners in measure from  and…
   
#   save what little respect #scotus and #senate still have. vote no!… 
embarrassment in chief 
watch it! 
". glues beer cans together becoming one of the first breweries to abandon #plastic rings"--… 
con job # 
talk about the #memphis blues 
court finds that the plaintiffs have standing to sue president for allegedly violating #emolumentsclause--… 
“judge lets #democrats in congress sue #trump over foreign payments”   trump hasn't divested… 
matt damon plays a fiery brett kavanaugh in the snl premiere’s cold open  very,very,good  to… 
three amigos. or two brilliant comedians/entertainers and a serious fan who saw a wild and crazy show.king tut retu… 
consumers are one step closer to larger airline seats and safer pets  via  two… 
 : ’s military service academy/ senior rotc day .  thanks to , , usmma, …
 : i want to say this as simply and clearly as i can:   #lindseygraham is a disgrace to the u.s. senate. 
the president must obey the constitution  #emoluments #emolumentsclause #trump
even the #americanbarassociation--who previously endorsed #brettkavanaugh--is urging a delay on the… 
phil trenary was a civic leader and businessman, and was extremely important to the city of #memphis. he was totall… 
yes he lies like  
 : ask yourself who has more motivation for lying: the professor who's had her whole life turned upside down, or the judge wh…
 : we applaud the safety leadership of , ,  &amp;  for introducing the stop unde…
take a #polygraph #kavanaughford #kavanaughconfirmationhearings #kavanagh #polygraphforkavanaugh
while our #democracy is in jeopardy, the house majority is working on #goptaxscam .. today i urged my colleagues… 
i joined  washington journal  re: the latest on the future of dag #rodrosenstein&amp;the… 
i joined  washington journal  re: #senatehearings on judge #brettkavanaugh,#senate gop's apparent fea… 
 : icymi:  on the kavanaugh/ford hearing: "it brings together the two biggest issues in american politics, the me too mo…
feel very bad for #christineblaseyford as she listens to grassley’s blather .
cramped #aircraft seating isn't just uncomfortable,it's unsafe. #safety shouldn't take back seat to profit. today's… 
no dogs in overhead bins on airplanes.#animalwelfare #dogs #doglovers  
the #music modernization act is the st update to music licensing laws in years,&amp;contains parts of the classics a… 
 : learn more about this bill - the #seatact - introduced by me &amp;  here: . we must ensure a…
the soul of america is in jeopardy&amp;it will be clearly seen in thursday's hearing on #brettkavanaugh. #kavanaugh has… 
#airlines shouldn't pad their bottom lines by cramming more customers onto flights w/ shrunken seats--#safety in… 
 : rep. steve cohen calls kavanaugh a "frat boy"  
trump accuses democrats of running ‘con game’ against kavanaugh  don the con is projecting o… 
"i think you'll see what  said:#trump sees power as #fear.he'll use this to attempt to instill fear… 
 : thanks to congress for enacting the leg branch funding bill, which includes language to reduce plastic waste on capitol hill. …
 : "i don’t know, colonel mustard might have done it in the parlor, nobody knows what’s really going on.”  reacts to…
 : .: "ironic and disturbing" that #nyt "is responsible for putting out unverified stories that have given the presi…
 : kudos to  &amp;  for their bipartisan work to get the #seatact included in the final #faareauthoriza…
 : new time: i'll join  on  today at :pm #memphis time to discuss breaking news re: deputy ag #rodrosenstein…
in solidarity with   #timesup #believesurviviors  #christinablaseyford #deborahramirez 
new time: i'll join  on  today at :pm #memphis time to discuss breaking news re: deputy ag… 
i introduced the #seatact in  b/c safety in #airtravel shouldnt take a back seat to profit.proud after years of… 
tiger woods claims his first victory in five years at the tour championship - the washington post tiger is back and… 
 : ty  - congress should accept nothing less than what the full house already agreed to: passage of the full seat act…
entirely possible. 
the  is right: #airplane evacuation conditions are “dangerous&amp;potentially lethal”.with more passengers, sma… 
 #airlines control % of #airtravel &amp;this week they've raised their excessive fees even more--they're taking adva… 
ought to keep his mouth full of  big macs and not his foot.he must have a foot fetish and of course, his own. 
#martaviousbanks shooting in #memphis is another example of why congress must pass police training&amp;independent revi… 
trump feels sorry for #kavanaugh,not for the woman  who suffered documented mental stress,#christinablaseyford .eve… 
 : thank you  for cosponsoring #hr the #veterans equal access act! click below to urge your rep to support this import…
#brettkavanuagh will withdraw as #scotuspick &amp;save his appeals judgeship.monday will(would)be ugly for republicans.… 
flake opposes quick vote on kavanaugh, putting confirmation in doubt  via  one repu… 
condolences to families and friends of confirmed deaths in  #florencehurricane and thankful for all first res… 
reality check. your team pleading or found guilty. and poll numbers despite #taxscam bump are the worst!… 
 : "this is a 'scarlet letter' that should not be on a person forever" 
the “witch hunt “ is running out of brooms but #mueller has one with  on it. 
as a cosponsor of the bipartisan #puppers act, i’m proud congress has once again voted to cut funding for unnecessa… 
i'm a member of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus b/c #socialsecurity works for #memphis.americans already paid for&amp;… 
 : boom! the robert mueller investigation has cost approximately $. million so far.  paul manafort just forfeited $ million…
drug war is a failure and race based from inception from harry anslinger to richard nixon to jeff session.… 
 eat more fish!
sadly true!the horror! 
mick is in #memphis where there’s rock n roll and soul and blues and rockabilly and gospel and funk.#nashville has… 
today the house passed my bill to name the autumn avenue post office in #memphis for russell b. sugarmon jr. -- a… 
congress must work to make #socialsecurity stronger for generations to come.american workers have arleady earned&amp;pa… 
res ipsa loquitur 
this is “abby normal” marty feldman “young frankenstein” 
eric trump accused of anti-semitism after ‘shekels’ remark  via  i have had many ve… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. https:…
only for congressional district  candidates.i have been very proud of past awardees including sean williams who is… 
photo i took a few weeks after attack on the towers. #neverforget #remembrance #septth  #newyork 
#trump is worstpresident ever and it’s not close.conceived in sin and wallowed in it ever since.divided nation,disr… 
now i miss w! he was a nice guy and knew how to be gracious,considerate,and presidential. 
feel a lot better now.going to the beach. 
the smoke&amp;rubble of #september are cleared,but thousands of #firstresponders still suffer from /-related illne… 
one of #memphis and #tennessee biggest employers. think #jobs not politics; the way #republicans used to be pro bus… 
years after #september we pause to reflect&amp; to recall the nearly , lives lost that day,including… 
i want to wish a happy new year to all my friends who are celebrating #roshhashanah in the year  today.… 
takes communion kool aid from the “leader” 
look up, not down: a message to young trump supporters  the enemy is the greedy rich.not all… 
like #trump no regard for truth. these campaign attacks hurt our very democracy as it discouraged participation. ju… 
shameful  behavior by a sammy glick of the right wing. 
 david brock confirms what you would surmise as we’ve watched him slither through questions… 
accepts not excepts.owns golf courses but charges you and i for everything bought(food ) and used(rooms,golf carts)… 
elephant 
and he says it’s not a “he” because they said he to cover for a “she”but then he goes back to “he”because he is a… 
and justly so! #tennessee education lottery   would not exist nor would hope scholarships nor any o… 
an amazing and accomplished person and politician minimized because of her gender and her very progressive agenda.t… 
the swamp golfer sticks american taxpayer with bill for his inability to read and  using golf as his past time. can… 
sorry  but “bridges”are state ,city,county.with federal money sometimes but if not enough money  ‘s… 
his sh*t’s f***ed up: the complicated legacy of warren zevon  well done steven,summed it up… 
 : thank you  for cosponsoring #hr the ending #marijuana prohibition act! click below to urge your rep to support this…
sen. rand paul suggests using lie detector tests to find op-ed writer   if one f… 
 : once again, airlines are nickel and diming captive passengers to line their pockets, not to cover the costs of the services…
the #seatact--my bill to ensure #airlines don't shrink seat sizes so much that passenger safety is affected--alread… 
"if the proposed #tariffs are put in place,result could lead to higher prices nationwide...&amp;possible layoffs in… 
yesterday : #thadmendment raised and firing of #jamesmattis. kelly probably on hot seat but not reported.#trump p… 
they say seersucker is only supposed to be worn #laborday to #memorialday, but with rising temps thanks to… 
pleased to have met ,one of the great #journalists of all time w/impeccable credentials.i'm looking… 
neither #mattis or #kelly had to refute; they could have walked the plank. good choice for order and peace among th… 
it was. #charlottesville that was last straw in my decision to introduce #impeachment #hres. 
bob woodward’s new book reveals a ‘nervous breakdown’ of trump’s presidency  #trump will fir…  congrats to the  eastern ct college students who were selected by  to receive funding in space resea… 
with fluctuating energy costs and an increased focus on lowering carbon emissions, this compost aeration and heat r… 
this project is demonstrating an alternative to costlier energy installations at other farms in the region. not onl… 
with the help of about $, of state and federal investment, the farm was able to install a compost aeration and… 
last week, i had an opportunity to stop by collins powder hill farm in #enfield—a th generation family dairy farm—… 
people from all backgrounds, creeds, and religions came together to show that hate in all its forms cannot separate… 
last night i visited temple emanu-el in #waterford to join the  and hundreds of members of the community… 
was able to visit the  fall job fair yesterday at the mystic marriott. the event included a long list of… 
our very own uncas leap is a finalist for the “greatest places in america” people’s choice contest! you can vote as… 
it is also essential that we work across the aisle to prevent additional tragedies due to the proliferation of gun… 
it is more important than ever that those in positions of power speak out - &amp; make clear to the jewish community th… 
in connecticut, anti-semitic incidents in  were double the number reported in . this is unacceptable.   .
in , the anti-defamation league saw a % increase in anti-semitic incidents in the united states since the pre… 
according to , since , anti-semitism has become far more commonplace. just last year, white suprem… 
all over the district, i've heard from constituents who are aghast at the violence that was on display this past we… 
all americans of goodwill stand with the tree of life congregation and the city of pittsburgh against hate and gun… 
tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh has suffered a sickening loss. thank you to the brave police who prevented wor… 
today is #nationaldrugtakebackday—a great opportunity for folks to safely remove any unwanted medications from thei… 
proud to support the america's water infrastructure act, which reauthorized $ mil in funding for the long island… 
manufacturing training programs like the eco program and the manufacturing pipeline through the eastern ct workforc… 
the success of the eco program has helped the initiative forge new relationships with companies like… 
according to  there will be more than . million opening manufacturing jobs through —the eco prog… 
got a chance to visit  eco program yesterday and met with manufacturing students to tour their new l… 
as a cosponsor of a resolution marking the th anniversary of matthew’s death, i believe we must strengthen federa… 
today, his ashes were interred in the washington national cathedral, honoring matt &amp; recognizing the work needed to… 
this month marks  years since the death of matthew shepard, a young gay man who was brutally murdered, and whose… 
there are over , veterans residing in our region and nearly , of them served during the vietnam-era. i am… 
the vietnam vet lapel pin has been presented to vietnam war #veterans across the country as lasting memento signify… 
this past tuesday night, i had the privilege of hosting a ceremony at the #oldlyme town hall to honor vietnam-era… 
president reagan’s director of nuclear policy lambastes trump/bolton rash decision to abandon the inf treaty and ou… 
got a chance to tour the , sq ft facility of environics in tolland today. this woman-owned industrial equipmen… 
today is #unitednationsday! today we recognize  ’s  years of contributions to our global community. this year,… 
saw some awesome scarecrows in #staffordsprings the other day. their annual scarecrow contest brings out some very… 
these recent threats and acts of violence have no place in our country. thankful for law enforcement and the us sec… 
 is expecting to make  new hires over the next few years to meet the ’s demand for subs.… 
the work will create about  construction jobs around the #windham area. the upgrades are funded in part by a … 
necr is a critical north-south rail freight corridor in #connecticut running between the deep-water port of new lon… 
i rode the rails yesterday on a truck specially equipped to drive on train tracks near #staffordsprings to see all… 
the winner of the best all-around ship in the 's atlantic fleet goes to a ship berthed right in our backyard… 
had a chance to take a tour of american sleeve bearing in #staffordsprings yesterday. their enormous , square… 
thank you to the men and women of  for yet another job extremely well-done.
building a submarine as complex as the #ussvermont would not be possible without the exceptionally talented and gro… 
i had the honor of helping to welcome officials from vermont and  to the ‘submarine capital of the world’ in… 
conservative jennifer rubin correctly reminds us that america (and congress) needs to assert american values in fac… 
happy to be at  today to celebrate the christening of the uss vermont. thanks to all who made this p… 
visited the  dental school this week and met with faculty and students to check out their dental simulation l… 
had a chance to visit cnc software inc in tolland yesterday &amp; took a tour of their enormous facility with ceo megha… 
a report by ct mirror shows that voter registration has taken off in #ct in age groups -. in  +in these… 
threw on the hard hat yesterday and got a chance to see  ’s new project under construction in #tolland. the… 
got a chance to visit the #stafford #firedepartment this week to congratulate them on receiving a $, assistan… 
had a chance to cover the opioid crisis, firearms legislation, bipartisan cooperation &amp; more at the pine school thi… 
happy to join  of my colleagues in #congress signing a letter to  demanding that she explain why th… 
please take a moment to read the full document sent by the irs to my office and congressman larson’s office explain… 
our work is not done, and we will continue to work with officials at every level of government to solve the crisis… 
this clarification means that even if the net loss suffered by a homeowner exceeds their annual federal tax liabili… 
the irs clarification will allow homeowners to “carry forward” or “carry back” a net operating loss should their ca… 
yesterday,  and i announced a brand-new tax clarification from the  which will provide relief for… 
. powerfully states not just the morality of demanding human rights in #saudiarabia, but the economi… 
 : thank you  for being part of the celebration!!! 
. and i will be making a major announcement on  help for homeowners with crumbling foundations. w… 
all in all, it was a truly magnificent event, and i would like to thank , gemma moran, and all the co… 
we were also joined by dozens of volunteers including a group of new hires, from #electricboat who came out to do t… 
i joined the -year anniversary of the gemma moran united way food center in #newlondon on friday. the food center… 
the crisis of #crumblingfoundations has impacted dozens of communities across central &amp; northeastern #ct, &amp; we need… 
the ’s carolyn lumsden was awarded the  pulliam editorial fellowship to research crumbling foun… 
extraordinary rebuttal of the ridiculous claims made by  trump in the . #medicare is not safe in the… 
. mccarthy introduced a bill to pay for a wall (that border communities do not want) and guts the rest of… 
 : #farmfriday #nationalfarmersday today is a day to say thank you to farmers everywhere who measure work in acres not hour…
the  is training cadets to become the next generation of cyber security officers right here in new lond… 
no one should be stigmatized for who they love, and every human deserves to be treated fairly and equally. i suppor… 
great turnout out at the senior information fair in putnam yesterday. my staff was on site to assist local seniors… 
the ’s carolyn lumsden was awarded the  pulliam editorial fellowship to do research on the cris… 
time for the u.s. to demand and receive a public account from the saudis regarding the disappearance of a legal u.s… 
congrats to small potatoes crafts and gifts on the grand opening of their new location in #norwich! it joins an arr… 
our thoughts are with residents in florida today who are coping with the aftermath of hurricane michael. #hurricanemichael
happy to see a local family from ledyard donate a prized family heirloom, a  wc- military truck, to the us ar… 
economic growth is surging across southeastern connecticut, and that is good news for our entire region. a number o… 
this grant funding is great news for groton, and it will go a long way to bolster their already impressive #stem cu… 
the scientific verdict is clear: #climatechange is real, and all nations, including the us, need to act fast to avo… 
at a time when the #supremecourt, a pillar of our nation, has lost its stature, mitch mcconnell expedited the court… 
our local  has been doing great work in showcasing the beauty of eastern ct. countless tourist sites, th… 
this important change in #connecticut law will allow vets to access state benefits they need. this law will help … 
glad to see local health center reliance health fully operational with its new facility in #norwich. reliance healt… 
this recent hack should be a wake-up call to anyone in congress who thinks the jury is still out on the importance… 
some innovate pilot technology being developed right in our backyard here in the nd district at collins powder hil… 
eastern ct is home to six different coffeehouses, located in killingly, norwich, mystic, pawcatuck, new london, &amp; g… 
the coffeehouses are funded through , a program for americans +, which is run through the corporation… 
the #veterans’ coffeehouse was packed yesterday morning in norwich with a special guest visit from deborah cox-rous… 
anyone who doubts the value of the  should read this piece. the un is keeping the peace and saving lives in the… 
this addition to eastern ct will help keep us at the forefront of innovations in manufacturing &amp; as a senior member… 
a coalition of  major industry partners such as     have contributed $ million towards this new… 
recently i participated in the ribbon cutting of  ‘s innovation partnership building. years in the making , t… 
now, community colleges help train students in the skills needed to meet the growing demand of the #submarine indus… 
now, justin has returned to qvcc, this time as an educator to instruct others in advance manufacturing. i helped cr… 
at , justin studied manufacturing technologies, graduating after only three semesters and garnering himself an… 
justin stanley, a #veteran from brooklyn, ct is a graduate of eastern ct's manufacturing pipeline. after serving hi… 
today, one of the largest employers in the us, , made the decision to raise the minimum wage for all its emp… 
on this day one year ago, our nation lost  innocent people to a senseless act of violence at a family music conce… 
there are reports of an uptick in #medicare card scammers contacting seniors to steal their personal info. medicare… 
justin’s story is like many other graduates of the manufacturing pipeline program, which has been hailed as a model… 
after serving overseas for  years, justin wanted to find a stable career to support him and his family. through hi… 
justin stanley, a marine veteran from #brooklyn, represents a shining success for eastern connecticut’s manufacturi… 
common sense request from the  who endorsed kavanaugh. the senate and the country need an fbi inquiry before… 
thank you to our region’s first responders who assisted in the rescue efforts this week following area flooding. yo… 
the  never played in #hartford and have no right to use the whalers' logo or brass bonanza!… 
throughout her entire hearing, dr. ford demonstrated bravery and poise. she is an academic professional, mother, wi… 
i requested this study along with colleagues on hasc. now it’s my hope that the with the looming shortfall in our u… 
congratulations to carolyn bennett, music teacher from wheeler middle/high school in #northstonington for being sel… 
i believe that #netneutrality should be reinstated, and that is why i have joined my colleagues in both the house &amp;… 
consumers are already suffering the consequences of the ’s repeal of #netneutrality. fcc chairman and former ca… 
i thank  for honoring me with this award, and i remain a committed advocate on behalf impact aid in congress.
the program represents our commitment to making sure the federally-connected children of our military service membe… 
i was honored to receive the friends of nafis award from  this morning, for my support of the impact a… 
i am a proud cosponsor of the palliative care &amp; hospice education &amp; training act, which passed out of the house thi… 
great to meet with ct representatives from  this morning in washington to discuss their priorities i… 
eastern ct health centers will receive nearly $k in federal grants to fight the growing #opioidepidemic in our r… 
thanks to  for his upbeat story that reminds us that #newlondon is the ‘comeback kid’ of connecticut 
last week, i had the opportunity to join the va “stand down ” in #rockyhill. this statewide outreach event serv… 
if senate republicans have any interest in finding out what happened to these women, they should immediately call f… 
it has been standard procedure for decades to refer any new allegations made against a supreme court nominee to the… 
the senate should not make a lifetime appointment to the supreme court until the very serious allegations being lev… 
while it is a hallmark of our court system that everyone is innocent until proven guilty, the senate judiciary comm… 
the trump administration wants to divert money from #medicare and medical research to pay for their own incompetenc… 
all in all, it was a great opportunity to give back to those who have served our nation faithfully. i would like to… 
this statewide outreach event is intended to support homeless and needy #veterans by providing medical screenings,… 
i had the opportunity to go to the va "stand down " yesterday in rocky hill where i was able to meet with and t… 
i had the chance to present the #congressional bronze and silver medal to christian chlebowski of #somers this past… 
had a chance to visit the #newlondon fire department this week and meet their new fire chief, thomas curcio. i wish… 
had engaging dialogue with seniors at the norwich senior center this past week and was able to discuss my efforts i… 
in , eb was facing workforce reductions, and, for the first time in  years, was not actively designing the ne… 
 publicly unveiled its plans for a new project that will greatly expand and improve the groton shipy… 
excited to see  moving forward with plans to expand its operations and bring hundreds of more skille… 
this past monday, i had the opportunity to visit ’s active learning center for workforce training wi… 
today i had the pleasure of participating in the ribbon cutting of  ‘s innovation partnership building. the i… 
had engaging discourse today with johan strandson, rural development area director for , &amp; others at my opioid… 
tuesday served as an important opportunity for the more than  ct industrial base companies that participated in t… 
#studentloan debt continues to spiral out of control alongside the rising cost of a college degree. a new report by… 
yesterday, i hosted the first ever us-australia trade summit alongside , organized to connect eastern c… 
#wagediscrimination hurts american women, families, &amp; our economy. i'm proud to be an original cosponsor of the… 
it is indisputable that every worker in our country deserves equal treatment and #equalpay, but the reality is that… 
i told  magazine what i’m doing about the #genderpaygap. here’s what i said: 
as co-chair of the friends of australia caucus &amp; a senior member of , it is privilege to strengthen… 
more than  businesses in aerospace, marine, cybersecurity, defense, and supply chain companies from the u.s. and… 
today alongside , i had the pleasure of hosting the first ever u.s. - australia trade summit in #mystic… 
kicking off day two of the u.s. - australia defense trade summit in #mystic, connecticut. nearly  ct manufacturi… 
had a fantastic time at lunch and learn today at the east lyme senior center. i was able to give an update on my ef… 
happy to share the story of clay sizer, a #veteran who served his country overseas in vietnam then returned to serv… 
this grant will deliver federal dollars to equip our #firstresponders with harnesses, backpacks, breathing apparatu… 
happy to announce that the south windham fire department will receive an assistance to firefighters grant in the am… 
i am joining as an original cosponsor to this resolution which will halt us support for the saudi-led coalition’s w… 
#socialsecurity is a program paid into over the course of a beneficiary’s lifetime, not an entitlement. cuts to thi… 
congratulations to chief curcio on being sworn in as chief of the #newlondon fire department. your hard work and de… 
with the looming shortfall in the undersea fleet in the coming decade, we need to use every tool we have to build a… 
as ranking member on the seapower subcommittee, i have worked with my  colleagues &amp; the  to en… 
by choosing to rescind the rule,  is abdicating her duty to regulate colleges in the best interests of… 
ct is home to  programs subject to the gainful employment rule, serving over , students. of these  program… 
the gainful employment rule requires colleges to report how successful their graduates are at obtaining a job in th… 
i submitted a public comment yesterday pushing back on ’s efforts undo the obama-era gainful employmen… 
yesterday i had the chance to meet with ct members of  to discuss some priorities among our region’s veterans… 
i’m hosting a u.s.-australia mateship defense trade summit with the u.s. department of commerce. opening australia’… 
the  is mobilizing &amp; heading south to prepare for relief efforts for those affected by… 
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all beneficiaries, and i am proud to have joined over  of my col… 
social security is a bedrock program for over , eastern ct seniors, survivors &amp; disabled residents. i’m proud… 
congrats to  for ending the season with a championship and becoming the youngest finals mvp in wnba… 
consumers are already paying the price for the ’s repeal of #netneutrality rules. america was loud and clear: c… 
 :  ct army national guard soldiers took off to help with #hurricaneflorence relief efforts. a blackhawk and a chinook de…
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
this morning i was joined by kathryn power,  administrator, in hosting an informational session for organ… 
for his entire career, chief kydd served as an exemplary leader who prioritized the safety and wellness of his team… 
today we reflect on the lives lost  years ago and the sacrifices made by first responders and construction crews… 
ct lost a journalist of the highest order with the passing of howard french. his deep understanding of the state's… 
the trump  has sought to abolish pslf twice in its proposed budgets, &amp; both times these efforts were reject… 
this stunning expose by  reveals how  is not keeping faith approximately , student loan bo… 
i recently introduced the #agentorange fairness act alongside an eastern ct veteran gerry wright that aims to secur… 
i applaud the  for continuing to serve as a leader in the fight on behalf of our veterans who were e… 
 : thank you  for taking to the house floor this morning to strongly oppose recent  limit on gi…
students across the country are demanding action to lower the crushing cost of a college education, and it is imper… 
today in the us, affordable education is out of reach for millions of students. earlier this year, america’s outsta… 
i oppose the trump administration’s decision to halt us funding for  humanitarian aid. these senseless cuts w… 
i am a proud cosponsor of the burn pits accountability act, which would require the dod &amp;  to track… 
last week, the itc voted to block all tariffs on canadian newsprint, saving local newspapers hundreds of thousands… 
after meeting with local newspaper publishers from across our state and region, i led a delegation letter to the it… 
this summer, i joined  in introducing the #aimhigheract, which would provide every american student… 
great piece in  highlighting the unique challenges american students are facing with the rising cost of… 
this case shows conclusively that the trump administration has broken its promise to defend protections for preexis… 
today, the healthcare of millions is under attack as  lawyers working for republican officials walk into a courth… 
last week, i joined my colleagues in in signing a “friend of the court” amicus brief in support of the consumer adv… 
a great outcome for a wonderful kid and his family. santi’s health depends on the support of his two parents, and l… 
when appointing a #scotus judge, it is critical that the decision makers posses a comprehensive understanding of th… 
about % of graduates have no prior manufacturing experience - demonstrating the powerful and life changing impact… 
the pipeline has placed more than , people into good jobs at  companies across the region - from large emplo… 
manufacturing is key to our regions changing and growing economy. that’s why the manufacturing skills pipeline i wo… 
 roots reach back to new london, where he lived during his father's tour there. nice to see neighbors… 
this week i joined  and over  members of congress to demonstrate our opposition to misguided snap ch… 
snap is a vital part of the food security of countless families in ct. i’m pushing back against efforts in congress… 
i applaud the state of #connecticut for rolling out a direct text to # program which could be lifesaving in cert… 
pending project approval, seniors &amp; those with limited income could receive relief in % covered testing of their… 
earlier this year, i raised concerns with #ctdoh that only $k of the $ mil set aside to help towns test for cru… 
last week, i testified in support of the towns of #vernon, #stafford &amp; #ellington as they apply for $k of ct's a… 
insult to the hard working support staff at the #groton sub base- firefighters, equipment operators and technicians…  trump's proposed order is blatantly unconstitutional. even after this tragic week, his top priority is to stoke mor… 
as a civil rights attorney for  years, i saw too many lives ruined by the failed war on drugs. restarting it may… 
i am deeply disturbed by the attack on a synagogue in pittsburgh, and my heart breaks for the victims and their fam… 
we have almost no voter fraud in this country. republicans keep pushing this myth for one reason alone: to advance… 
affordable health care is on the ballot this november. the gop is actively pushing a lawsuit to to take us back to… 
the dire warnings from scientists about the cost of climate change make it clear that we need to take bold steps no… 
trump's strategy all along has been to divide us. we must stand together against this bigotry and protect the digni… 
trump's policy of separating children from their families was cruel, for the purpose of being cruel. it's been thre… 
here's the plain fact: at this very moment, republicans around the country, with trump's support, are suing to dism… 
don't be fooled. republicans fought for years to repeal protections for preexisting conditions, and  republican a… 
republicans can't hide what their agenda will be if they keep power: cut medicare, cut social security, and make li… 
proud to have earned a perfect score from the  on their legislative scorecard today. #hrcscorecard 
republicans in washington have spent their last two years in power giving handouts to their ultra-wealthy donors an… 
voter fraud is virtually nonexistent in the united states, but republicans have stoked the fear of it to pass restr… 
programs that expand voting rights, like early voting, are working people's programs. when more people are able to… 
this is the fraud of "trickle down" economics: republicans in congress handed the richest few and giant corporation… 
our secretary of education should be working to protect students and making college more affordable -- not throwing… 
this is a rigged economy in action: republicans give corporate executives massive tax cuts, the executives keep the… 
on this #indigenouspeoplesday, i'm reflecting on the history of our native communities, and how we all must do more… 
this white house is trying to undo twenty years of civil and human rights precedent in order to detain children ind… 
americans pay the highest prices in the world for the prescriptions they need. we need more than empty promises --… 
trump pulled us out of the paris climate agreement and has repeatedly denied the reality of climate change. his own… 
getting a good education shouldn't be a privilege reserved for a lucky few at the top. we must make higher ed acces… 
thanks . we haven't forgotten. just last year, republicans in washington tried to deny health coverage to… 
regardless of what happens thursday, congress must act to ensure the mueller investigation is protected. our democr… 
this is deeply troubling.   whether it's the nra or foreign governments trying to influence our domestic public pol… 
great to be with the legendary dr. josie johnson and ramsey county commissioner toni carter for the opening of the… 
as we mark the anniversary of /, we honor and remember those who were lost, and the brave first responders who r… 
wishing a happy rosh hashanah to all who are celebrating this evening. may the new year bring you health, happiness, and peace.
congratulations to  on your inauguration to the st. paul city council. team keith couldn't be prouder.… 
this #laborday, i’m thankful for the minimum wage,  hour work week, child labor laws, and every other hard-earned… 
ahead of labor day, trump attacks organized labor and hard-working families to pay for trillions in tax breaks to t… 
congrats to  on his big victory last night. good luck in november!
right now, while % of u.s. families struggle to afford health care, food, and housing, congress wants to gut medi… 
today is the anniversary dr. martin luther king jr.'s "i have a dream" speech, and the historic march on washington… 
the trump administration "has turned its back on young people and their financial futures."  we need to keep fighti… 
on #womensequalityday, we reflect on the great strides women have made toward equality in our country. but we have… 
another tragic loss of life to gun violence in jacksonville today. we must keep fighting for common sense measures… 
john mccain fiercely loved our country. i appreciate his dedication to public service and respect his courage in ri… 
some good ideas here from  on building worker power. as ag, i'll stand with working women and men to… 
powerful interview about students organizing to push back against hate. join the movement to spread peace in our co… 
 : loving the new look at the classic  coffee shop. thanks to mfu president gary wertish for recommending…
 : great to get out (early!) for the opening of the great minnesota get together. now to find some coffee and mini-donuts…
 : minnesota afl-cio endorses  for attorney general   #u 
thank you, thank you, thank you to all who knocked the doors, made the phone calls, and carried this campaign throu… 
overpatented, overpriced found among the top  grossing drugs in america that  years of attempted patent protect… 
the overpatented, overpriced report found that, on average, across the top twelve grossing drugs in america prices… 
awesome work, esp if you care about lowering drug prices, which nearly everyone except big pharma cares about. 
.⁦⁩, thank you for decades of news, info, and entertainment.  
overpatented, overpriced, names and shames —abbvie, roche and pfizer—as the worst offenders who used “aggressive an… 
 : seiu mn endorsed candidate for attorney general of minnesota  speaks to our e-board members about the direct act…
 : from the heart of the party to statewide! our first ever endorsement for  ! 
 : #breaking: court orders epa to ban a pesticide linked to brain damage in kids. trump's epa had refused to ban these harmful p…
 : big isps pushed to end #netneutrality because it means they can profit by charging sites not to get stuck in an interne…
asbestos is now legally allowed back into u.s. manufacturing under a serious of loopholes by the ⁦⁩… 
the black lung disability trust fund is at risk of insolvency due to soaring debt and a slashing of coal-company co… 
 : we are proud to endorse  for attorney general. keep up the good work ! we will see you on august …
 : the only possible conclusion here is that hundreds of thousands of missourians saw the  film, “sorry to bother…
 : it's official: missouri voters have struck down the state's right-to-work law, by a landslide.
 : "our campaign inspired people around the country to know that you do not need to sell out, to change who you are, to run for…
democrats’ morale was the big winner last night.
 : arvonne fraser, an institution in the international women's rights movement and in minnesota politics, was an inspiration…
 : wow! wow! wow!  with a quarter of the vote counted in missouri, % of voters are rejecting state’s “right-to-work” la…
 : breaking: #propa has failed! tonight is a victory for working missourians across the state. voters rightfully rejected th…
here’s a first: there’s never been a muslim woman in congress before now.  
congrats rashida! 
arvonne fraser, an institution in the international women's rights movement and in minnesota politics, was an inspi… 
., i am enormously proud of you. you reshaped the governors race in michigan; you stood up for the right things.
 :  i already have my sample ballot printed! so excited that i will finally be able to cast a vote for …
it’s called xenophobia, a close relation to racism. ⁦⁩ administration is on track to cut number of… 
 : targeting home healthcare workers, the trump administration opens another front in its war on public employees …
emilio karim dabul, ice, was previously an editor for an anti-muslim hate group, and published a piece for another… 
if you or anyone you know lost a home because of wells fargo’s error, reporter deon roberts would like to hear from… 
at the creamery cafe in seward neighborhood in minneapolis, one of the many places in minnesota where people are pa… 
thanks ilhan!!! 
 : thank you!  you guys are amazing and you inspire me. 
thank you!  you guys are amazing and you inspire me. 
thanks guys. 
the entire world must admire the resilience of the pakistani people who continuously assert their desire for the vo… 
, i am proud to call you mayor of my hometown of minneapolis. 
“the nra’s inability to obtain insurance in connection with media liability raises risks that are especially acute;… 
 : pure evil. snatching children at the border from parents legally entering our country to seek asylum was pure evil. it…
 : proud to have helped host an organizing call for  and  — we need all hands on deck! phone bank for…
trump officials have repeatedly asserted that the , children who it separated from their parents at the border… 
 : . was a friend and an inspiration. he was a champion for all of us in the progressive movement, and he live…
 : anna from  &amp; robin from  sharing stories with  about the need to address the #wagetheft c…
. was a friend and an inspiration. he was a champion for all of us in the progressive movement, and h… 
 : amazon removed neo-nazi and white nationalist products after congressman 's letter. 
thank you amazon for removing a number of products promoting racist propaganda from your website.  
 : moveon is thrilled to endorse keith ellison () in his bid for minnesota’s attorney general! learn more about ke…
 : voted early with  today to support progressive candidates like  and  !!!! seriously, it was…
 : great news out of golden valley last week. the city council *unanimously* passed an ordinance protecting tenants of affordable…
so the president declares himself above the law. above accountability. 
trump administration is considering bypassing congress to grant a $ billion tax cut mainly to the wealthy 
welcome h.e. pm abiy ahmed 
ever heard of mayor chocwe antar lumumba of jackson, vi lyles of charlotte, latoya cantrell of new orleans, or keis… 
ever heard of mayor randall woodfin of birmingham, al? 
that’s right mr. chairman! 
 : land stewardship members lead on bold solutions to build strong communities and care for the land. we’re meeting w key politic…
in-person conversations have a huge impact on a voter’s decision to go to the polls. why? relationships are based on presence.
 : - million americans still live in poverty - million have no health insurance -half of older workers have no retirement…
 : by far the most effective way to turn out voters is with high-quality, face-to-face conversations that urge them to vote.…
yup,  is right on this one. #iwillvote 
by far the most effective way to turn out voters is with high-quality, face-to-face conversations that urge them to… 
 :  years ago congress laid the groundwork for single payer with medicare.  if you're ready to finish that fight and w…
 : thank you ron dellums for your inspiring example, your courage, your humor, and your relentless faith in our ability to m…
giuliani suggests russia collusion is no crime, but i thought ⁦⁩ said “no collusion”.  is this like… 
thank you ron dellums for your inspiring example, your courage, your humor, and your relentless faith in our abilit… 
medicare for all would guarantee health care as a right -- and would cost less and produce better health outcomes t… 
 : even if they give a  time bonus, the company gets these tax breaks in perpetuity. .% of workers got a bonus this year…
nate hampton, , lost his life at north commons park while attending a game. neighbors return to honor nate’s memo… 
new analysis of all fortune  companies found only .% of workers will receive a one-time bonus or wage increase… 
the federal government just admitted that workers are earning lower wages since the passage of the gop tax cuts. 
since , real wages, wages adjusted for inflation, have actually fallen by . percent. 
 : he gets it.   fighting to #raisethewage 
don’t let the ’s chatter about gdp fool you. real wages have fallen since the #goptaxscam 
thanks gabby! 
 : .% gdp growth sounds good but does it mean anything to you personally? have your wages and buying power gone up? is healt…
 : the crew out with rep.  supporting amendment . vote #yeson november  to restore the vote for . million flo…
 : rally today with  to support amendment . we need to vote #yeson this november. there are . million floridia…
 : at masjid al-ansar for rally for amendment . restore the vote.    
⁦⁩, cleveland councilmember basheer jones gave a moving speech about restoring the vote, amendment… 
my family of the ellison-striggles-heath clan from burke county georgia came to the amendment , restore the vote,… 
at masjid al-ansar for rally for amendment . restore the vote.    
getting started with the rally for amendment , restore the vote.  florida is one of  states in which a felony con… 
starting in  minutes! 
. you guys are awesome over there at the th ward minneapolis city council office.  keep it up!!! 
 : join us today for a rally in support of amendment  featuring rep. . amendment  would restore the vote to .…
corporate tax cuts provide no income boost for workers making less than $, per year, says new study. not exac… 
grand portage chairman norman deschampe is a life time fighter for justice, dignity and tribal soveignty. honored t… 
had a great talk with duluth city councilor at large, barb russ. thanks for you leadership, insight, and service ba… 
 : afge endorses congressman keith ellison for minnesota attorney general 
 : it is, quite simply, a travesty that in the year  we continue to have debtors’ prisons in the united states. https://t.…
 : despite earlier efforts by    and  to ban #privateprisons, their use has…
 : we are a nation and a state of second chances. it's time to do the right thing and restore the voices of those who have se…
thanks councilmember ellison. love what you’re doing in minneapolis’ th ward. 
 : glad to see bipartisan agreement in congress that trump does not have the authority to strike iran. thanks to …
. you’ve been awesome and i know you’ve got great things ahead. all the best! 
glad to see bipartisan agreement in congress that trump does not have the authority to strike iran. thanks to… 
 : one thing i learned as former medicare administrator is  many people describe the day they qualify for medicare as one of the…
sucking up to dictators who hacked our elections, paying hush money to sex workers, lying about it, and more. no di… 
sat down in grand marais with cook county attorney molly hicken and learned about the challenges of protecting and… 
grand marais’ own upstatemn, featuing mugs of  of my favorite leaders, senator elizabeth warren and congresswoman… 
 : we sat down with congressman  to hear him explain the importance of the credit access and inclusion act, an…
 : thanks  for stopping at  office today to talk. visited about attorney general race, consume…
 : it is incomprehensible to me that we have a president who gave massive tax breaks to billionaires but wants to cut the wic…
 : kavanaugh believes that a sitting president should be immune to prosecution &amp; investigations. we can all see what trump…
a single revlimid capsule increased by more than % since hugin became celgene president in , going up from $… 
the profits off revlimid made bob hugin, the former celgene chairman and ceo, more than $ million.  
afge endorses congressman keith ellison for minnesota attorney general 
i'm with . we have to do everything we can to stop the confirmation of kavanaugh, or any other justice that w… 
 :  glad to see fritz looking well!
 : caught up with one of my hero’s today. thank you vice president mondale for a life of service. 
caught up with one of my hero’s today. thank you vice president mondale for a life of service. 
 : ty to  for being a   champion for children! i hope he can support the homeless children…
please take a moment watch this video tour thru yemen. 
read about the origins of today’s toxic political smear culture. ⁦⁩ is just the latest version.  
yup. thanks for sharing it. 
 : the crew is all here and we're ready to march. happy rondo days! 
ya gotta vote, guys. seriously.  
 : those who look at the low unemployment rate and think that the economy is “booming” are out of touch with workers who do not…
i’m running for minnesota ag to stand up for minnesota’s small farmers. great meeting today in holdingford, mn 
russian hackers went after hillary clinton’s private office for the first time on the very day trump said, “russia,… 
thanks. 
always be suspicious of people who wrap themselves in the american flag and attack the patriotism of others. rememb… 
jimmy longoria is an inspiring and gifted artist. he’s trained many young artists, and he’s famous for his palas. a… 
so proud of alex! all grown up now, but i remember being her track and field coach many years ago. #rondo 
headed to the historic rondo parade in st. paul! 
 : average wages are down since the beginning of the year, while the costs of health care, housing, and child care continue to…
maria butina met with donald trump jr. and lived with a republican consultant. where will this investigation lead? 
 shortly after you slavishly suck up to putin, and appropriately catch heat for it, you blow the ra… 
 : i’ve always been proud to vote for keith ellison and i look forward to voting for him again! thank you  fo…
⁦⁩ keep kneeling for what’s right. owners, don’t let trump bully you. 
 : here’s my son’s juris doctor.  congrats isaiah.  our family and community are really proud of you. now, go crush the bar…
well, i absolutely agree we need gun violence prevention legislation.   
 : our #medicareforall caucus is now at  members!  the american people know that medicare for all is the future of our natio…
national rifle association is caught up in an effort to sabotage american democracy by an enemy foreign power.    
i hope faith leaders who challenge ⁦⁩ and those who support him have this critical debate. moral cl… 
we need more competitive markets. read: 
competition in the modern u.s. economy is on the decline; more competition would be good news for small business, w… 
tps for somalia has been extended for  months. we have a wonderful somali community in the twin cities, and i'm g… 
here’s my son’s juris doctor.  congrats isaiah.  our family and community are really proud of you. now, go crush th… 
 : and we're live! members of congress have gathered outside the u.s. capitol to launch the #medicareforall caucus. live-stream here…
today is decision day on extending tps for somalia. here's the letter i sent, with   and… 
happening today 👇 
proud of kaozoupa “liz” lee of congresswoman barbara lee’s office. kaozoupa started her capitol hill career in my o… 
honored to receive a champion for children award from . the portion of federal spending that goes tow… 
 : . gets fed's powell to acknowledge that median full time wages have actually been falling for the past three qua…
maria butina, indicted as covert russian agent, struck up friendships with the influential leaders of the national… 
% of voters across  republican-held congressional districts said republicans were “more corrupt” than democrats… 
 : the average cashier at mcdonald's would have to work for  years to make what the company's ceo makes in one year. #ceosv…
yes of course. 
this morning i sent jeff bezos a letter asking why amazon is selling content and products that promote and enrich w… 
lots of folks jumping off of the trump train now have been riding throughout all of his treachery treason and vario… 
a month after trump announced his campaign, he spoke to now-indicted maria butina during a public question and answ… 
now people,  didn’t just start his devotion to the leader of a hostile foreign power today.
“he just said it is not russia,” said trump. “do not see any reason why it would be.” 
 : our revolution is proud to endorse  for attorney general in minnesota. keith will be the people’s lawyer…
⁦.⁦⁩, this, from the most insulting president toward any american, and any leader of any democratic… 
yes, wa ag bob ferguson is awesome. serious public servant.   : read the constitution, .   “all persons born or naturalized in the united states, and subject to the jurisd…
 : may their memories be for a blessing: joyce feinberg,  rich gotfried,  rose malinger,  jerry rabinowitz,  cecil…
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
we must fight hate with love. 
i'm a proud supporter of everything #aawu stands for: equal pay, education, combating campus sexual assault, campai… 
i stand in solidarity with my jewish brothers and sisters at this time of targeted tragedy. we must defeat hate wit… 
i'm proud of the . today for their professionalism &amp; keeping us safe. over past  years, they, like the press,… 
this. ... says. ... it. ... all! thanks . for a smile in an otherwise dismal political climate! 
 : stop blaming others. look in the mirror. your inflammatory rhetoric, insults, lies, &amp; encouragement of physical violence a…
my pleasure! 
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
 : repubs claim to be fiscal conservatives, but their tax scam will add $.t to the natl. debt, &amp; now they want to pay d…
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
during #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth, i performed in dancing with the dekalb stars to benefit . the women's… 
thank you . for having me! #itsindekalb 
my condolences to the friends, colleagues &amp; family of . officer antwan toney, , who was shot and kille… 
it was an honor to welcome . today.they're our neighbors, coworkers, friends &amp; family.this is their ho… 
open enrollment in health insurance marketplace starts november . make sure you #getcovered on  for .
 : voting shouldn’t be use it or lose it. period.  
 : .  &amp; : "although the  has now suspended the clerkship training academy...we must b…
#thursdaythoughts: "the main message is that every individual matters; every individual has a role to play; every i… 
please support my h. res.  that designates oct.  as “national vitiligo awareness day.” vitiligo has life-alter… 
“and love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside” -- ..… 
more #wednesdaywisdom &amp; #wednesdaywit from my colleague &amp; friend . #smh 
#wednesdaywisdom from . ladies &amp; gentlemen. well said sir. 
it was a pleasure discussing issues of the day with political science students at parkview high school. we had a gr… 
dhs proposed rule would penalize law-abiding immigrants for seeking temp. assistance. for more on the proposed rule… 
#forthepeople 
 : things are looking spookier than usual on capitol hill 
it was a busy, but great weekend. marching for the right to love; talking to baby boomers about important issues; p… 
 : great energy at the atlanta gay pride parade. always good to be with  and  🌈 …
 : three of my favorite people at atlanta gay pride parade:  ,  (my commissioner) and …
interested in using  and  to tackle local challenges?  grant funding and oth… 
that was shyra ... she goes by shy! 
trump honestly believes that the spectacle of today's press conference w/ kanye will cause black voters to vote republican. how deluded!
trump just unveiled a draconian proposal that takes a cruel new step in his ongoing attack on immigrants, creating… 
girls are our future. i promise to believe in them, stand with them &amp; defend their equality with every vote i take.… 
yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the… 
 : i’m so proud of the work  has done over the years to ensure adolescent girls have access to education, and i…
   ha! thanks . the  list is long: he believes russi… 
federal bureaucrats shouldn't punish parents for feeding their children or taking them to the pediatrician. that’s… 
#wehavelostalot 
this is a very dangerous storm folks, so please take all necessary precautions. while it looks like the th distric… 
here are my #tuesdaythoughts our climate is not for sale:  w/ . in  #toxictrump
he is clearly unfit to sit as a judge on any court, let alone the supreme court. his confirmation etches an indelib… 
the senate good ol’ boys fooled no one with the trump-directed sham investigation, and voters across the country wi… 
today’s confirmation of brett kavanaugh is an insult to women and an affront to notions of fair play and justice in… 
 :  takeaways from the nyt's investigation into : . there is a huge disparity in the way we tax the % and…
 : we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure our…
a year after hurricanes maria &amp; irma, it is important to recognize that the denial of voting rights in the u.s. vir… 
my internship program has given me the chance to work with some of georgia's brightest young minds. i'm impressed w… 
 : even before the senate received the fbi report, mcconnell scheduled a vote on kavanaugh. it’s absurd.  …
#thursdaythoughts 
well said . -- this guy is setting world records for his height of hypocrisy. and by the way, did anyone… 
good, good -- look forward to seeing you .. 
 : #offfossilfuels for energy independence and sustainability h.r. - off fossil fuels for a better future act 🌈 % r…
it was a pleasure being on . -- thank you. 
thank you for having me . 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
thank you .! having a particularly great day, and i hope you are, too. 
“this is more than just about partisanship and trying to win an election. this is for the future of this nation. th… 
thank you .! it's wonderful to celebrate another birthday w/ you! 
wholeheartedly agree . -- mcconnell stalls out merrick garland's nomination process for  days, and h… 
 : new study: the system is rigged to keep communities of color and low-income families from ever escaping the cycle of pov…
we will never forget why we are here – and that’s to serve the common good for our citizens. we look forward to con… 
rep. johnson celebrates #greatamericanread program:   
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
 :  thanks for honoring #hispanicheritagemonth and our work at  !  #iamgaleo #galatinovote #estam…
#kavanughvote if democrats regain control, i would become chair of the judiciary subcommittee on courts, intellectu… 
it was an honor to give remarks at the advanced screening of #thehateugive #useyourvoice  
rep. johnson celebrates #hispanicheritagemonth 
dr. ford’s testimony was compelling, her interrogator ineffective. shame on the good ol' boys of the republican led… 
watching dr. blasey ford's testimony for #kavanughhearings, i was struck by her bravery, courage &amp; composure. thank… 
annually,  million unintended pregnancies result from women and girl’s unmet need for #contraception, which is wh… 
 :  years ago, black women took a full page in the  to stand with anita hill. today, , allies follow in their…
well said sir. 
 : chairman marcello banes meeting with rep. hank johnson while in washington, d.c. sharing his vision for newton county and…
i had a great day of meetings #tuesdaymotivation that included but were not limited to: .,… 
thank you for all your hard work! 
today around  pm, i'll be on the house floor managing time for h.r. , the bipartisan success act, which commis… 
on this #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to… 
congrats to m'kayla solomon, who at just age  has read , books! i honored her with an american flag that flew… 
#hbcuweek ensuring our nation’s leading experts &amp; innovators are from diverse backgrounds only strengthens our abil… 
proud to be the only member of the ga delegation to show that i'm not just talking about equal pay but i'm doing so… 
 : it appears obvious that the  story is an attempt to undermine dag rosenstein and create a pretext for his remov…
 : #whyididntreport   • there are too many of these stories.   • too many of us have these stories.   • too many of us have n…
its been fun y'all, but its time to end. have a safe weekend, and thanks for participating in my first #twittertownhall #askhank
 elect republicans who are not afraid to work with dems. republicans still follow mcconnell's strat… 
 thanks for all that you do to settle refugees in clarkston and throughout georgia! #askhank
 no way you have reached out to my office and not gotten a response! my office is one of the top  for c… 
  im telling you what i stand for. i cant wave a magic wand and personally make it happ… 
 there should be a thorough fbi investigation of this credible accusation before dr. ford is asked to tes… 
 no tougher or more honorable than being a truck driver, a miner, a production worker, a teacher, or… 
 i am very proud of the cutting edge legislation that i have introduced, which, if passed, would level the… 
 my personal view is that we must end the failed war on drugs and start promoting economic growth in… 
 im for the people! we must lower health care costs and prescription drug prices, create wage growth… 
 national security spending helps america maintain peace throughout the world, but our spending is out of… 
 it means that i have power to help the nation in making policy. its a powerful position that i am honored to serve in. #askhank
 i was fulfilling a lifetime vision for myself. i wanted to serve people as a congressman. #askhank
 im not familiar with these state legislation, but i support the hope scholarship. talk to your state rep and senator. #askhank
 i love all people, including you uri, and thanks for your comments. #askhank
 i never called jews termites! i did liken settlements to be like termites eting away at the prospe… 
 i'm pro peace. everyone deserves to live in peace
 call or email your state rep and senator about your desire, and encourage your friends to do the same. #askhank
ok -- let's go ahead and get this twitter town hall started a little early. #askhank 
one might call it a "magnificent festering" .. 
icymi: rep. johnson introduces resolution to boost the number of refugees admitted to u.s. … 
 : please join us in thanking  for his leadership in urging congress and the administration to #welcomek r…
 : ceo thurmond, residents and workers cut today’s ribbon to start the first paving project from splost funding. https://t.co…
without #netneutrality, small businesses across the country won’t be able to reach customers without paying ridicul… 
can't wait until tomorrow? you can send your questions now using the hashtag #askhank i am really looking forward t… 
thank you at all  colleagues who are supporting our call to welcome more refugees to our shores:… 
thanks for the timely update . -- i'm heading to covington right now to speak w/ the local kiwanis club… 
i had a great time at the vulcan quarry in lithonia, talking work safety, pension protection and protecting good-pa… 
the atlanta passport agency is hosting a special passport day on saturday, september , .   the event on satur… 
well said ted .. but there seems little connecting #potus' twitter handle and the word #wisdom. ... as in… 
dr. christine blasey ford is risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand a thorough investigation of the… 
#yomkippur 
thank you . &amp; dean hicks for inviting me to meet w/ the visiting delegation from n. ireland today, in… 
join the conversation. 
i am so proud of our  #congressionalappchallenge winner, mr. jonathan daniel. his tefap tracker mobile applicat… 
our constitution reflects the values we cherish as a people and the ideals we strive for as a society. let’s grow t… 
janice, great to see you! 
pleasure is all mine! 
 : repping with the starz ✨ get it? 
my thoughts are w/ everyone in the path of #florencehurricane -- please heed officials' warnings &amp; be safe and… 
mark your calendars to join me for my first #twittertownhall #askhank #justtalktome #chatwithacongressman 
#thursdaythoughts -- it's not about you .. it's about the common good of american citizens. perhaps… 
 : the senate judiciary committee just voted on a subpoena to get all of brett kavanaugh's records.  right now we only have %…
as a senior member of the . , it was an honor to address the conference this morning.… 
i am working to make social security stronger for generations to come. we must bolster this program now and ensure… 
 : on my way to washington dc to speak at the congressional black caucus on the importance of black voices in film. now more t…
#neverforget #septemberth today, we remember the fallen, honor the heroes who rushed to danger to save the innoce… 
this weekend brought many stops throughout #ga. one of the most important, visiting the rd district vfw &amp; auxili… 
 : former president obama:   “how hard can that be, saying that nazis are bad?" 
last night on the house floor, i honored the life &amp; legacy of congressman ron dellums: “if being an advocate of pea… 
i consider it an honor to be chosen for this award. dekalb county has so many treasures and because of the film and… 
 : thank you , , , ,  for co-sponsoring the #change…
this from someone who works for .:"meetings w/ him veer off topic and off the rails, he engages in… 
 : congressional republicans tried and failed to end protections for americans with pre-existing conditions. now they’re s…
i agree . -- anyone/anything attached or even associated with this president becomes immediately compromi… 
% of americans support #roevwade. americans don’t want president trump &amp; brett kavanaugh’s extreme, anti-choice a… 
thanks mayor. we cannot allow communities across the country to fall between the regulatory cracks simply because t… 
maya angelou -- now that's #wednesdaywisdom 
., a non-partisan research group, estimates that  million americans between - will be rejected… 
we are all thinking &amp; praying for covington police officer matt cooper &amp; his family.  #prayingforofficercooper
in all states, workers need a raise: it’s impossible for working families to get by on the federal minimum wage. st… 
on aug. , i traveled  feet underground in alabama to tour the oak grove coal mine with . we talked… 
updates including #tps for designated country: somalia &amp; #infopass  updates are available on my website: 
schools need new technology, more funding for steam classes, and stronger mental health services for students. i’m… 
 :  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, and out…
i am saddened to hear of the passing of sen. john mccain, an honorable old school warrior who fought to stay alive… 
the  system will host their annual parent academy on saturday, sept. , : a.m. - : p.m. at t… 
hypocrisy in flight 
history will not be kind to #climatechange deniers &amp; those that looked the other way while big polluters got their… 
i think this says it all . #thursdaythoughts 
the #atlanta va is holding a job fair for registered nurses on sat. sept. . on clairmont rd. in decatur.… 
as a member of the , i agree w/ . --  has not stood up to this president once. passing… 
 : i have cancelled my meeting with judge kavanaugh. , who is an unindicted co-conspirator in a criminal matt…
 : the president's former campaign manager is now a convicted felon. his longtime personal lawyer is now an admitted felon…
if your #daca expired on or after september ,  you may submit a daca renewal application. apply with uscis →… 
i extend my best wishes to all of my muslim constituents, staff &amp; friends who are celebrating eid al-adha this week… 
the #goptaxscam reveals everything the american people need to know about their agenda, policies and who they stand… 
celebrating #nationalradioday w/ a few of my friends -- ., ., . and .… 
pleasure was all mine  -- hope your back is feeling better! 
i think you nailed it .. 
a true dekalb co. treasure .. this is a sad day, the end of an era. thanks jennifer &amp; curtis for your… 
thank you . continue everything you are doing to keep this country moving, and i will continue to w… 
what a great way to celebrate #nationalhealthcenterweek. centers like oakhurst and others across this state and cou… 
a big thank you to  for allowing me to tour the honey creek pump station as they undergo construction t… 
well said mereda 
my condolences to the friends &amp; family of the #queenofsoul. i grew up in washington, d.c. listening to her – when w… 
great to meet with you .! 
thanks michele! great to see everyone this morning celebrating #nationalhealthcenterweek! . is… 
on -year anniversary of #charlottesville, i’m demanding house hearings on the rise of hate groups. all u.s. leader… 
i'm excited to see #crazyrichasiansmovie &amp; it hope that it paves the way for more films about &amp; by people of color… 
well said : "sadly, many in the mainstream media still view black people asking for equality and freedo… 
#forthepeople #demsatwork 
 : our heartfelt thoughts and prayers go out to the family, friends and colleagues of barry everett, a nine year veteran o…
 administration has enriched special-interest donors and the wealthiest few, leaving hard-working a… 
i am excited to announce the start of this year’s congressional app challenge (cac), in georgia's fourth congressio… 
i want to thank all the constituents of georgia's fourth district who called in to last night's telephone town hall… 
dreamers, if you are eligible to apply for renewal, do so immediately. due to two federal court injunctions, uscis… 
congress needs to take action against the possession of d printed weapons. hear my thoughts on this issue, then jo… 
i just answered a constituent’s question about the #grandjuryreformact. what questions do you have for me during ou… 
after i go to #nationalnightout, i'm holding a telephone town hall tonight from :-:. to join the call, vi… 
#blackwomensequalpayday the time is now! 
as a member of the , i am proud of  for convening the inaugural hbcu #diversityintech summit to… 
"giving voice to the muted voice." #thursdaythoughts 
with you .! 
bigly fail by the administration. ... bigly fail. thanks . for your exacting questions. 
digital privacy is an issue that should unite us, not drive us apart. . 
#wednesdaywisdom 
“yali is not a program that promotes a myopic view of individual success. it is a bipartisan, global commitment to… 
#yali #mandelafellows #mymandelalegacy 
 : “as i get older, i appreciate more the responsibility i have as an elder to mentor young people. you can’t make such a rela…
excited to be a part of this year's #mymandelalegacy #yali mandela washington fellowship for young african lead… 
 : we're proud to be working with you to end the militarization of police! #advocacycorps 
i'm honored that  would take on my stop militarizing law enforcement act for their advocacy core project. alwa… 
 : thank you  for being with us to talk to our young adult organizers about the dire need to end police militarizatio… once again our country faced a mass shooting. i hold the victims and their families, friends, members of the tree o… 
kurt was an outstanding chef, a dedicated county supervisor, and a good  guy with a big heart. this is a terrible l… 
statement from dave on the attempts to harm politicians: 
terribly sad to hear the news about the drowning of an iowa national guardsman. my thoughts and prayers are with hi… 
 : thank you congressman  for spending time at our chc edgerton location learning about our women’s health clin…
just as predicted, republicans give massive tax breaks to the wealthy and corporations, causing an even greater deb… 
 : today, i sat down with congressman  to talk about the concerns over a recent report that thousands of radi…
great saturday for college football in iowa! big wins for   and ! 
today we celebrate national farmer's day where we honor our iowa farmers for feeding and fueling the world! take a… 
congrats to stout’s irish pub &amp; grill () in clinton on having one of the top  breaded tenderloins in… 
loebsack and  seek answers from va on veterans care 
loebsack praises new e rule to allow year-round sales 
in iowa, we know that year-round #e will help expand consumer choice at the pump, reduce our dependence on fossil… 
thank you,  for your courage. i wish you well on your journey dealing with ptsd.  
loebsack again calls out house republican leaders for closing up and leaving town 
i believe dr. ford and admire her courage in sharing her story. #believesurvivors
thanks to  for their help in celebrating #constitutionday by handing out pocket constitutions! 
thanks to  for joining with  in handing out pocket constitutions to celebrate… 
happy #constitutionday! as always, pleased to join with  to give out pocket constitutions at location a… 
it was great meeting with the folks from  about biofuels and the importance of the #rfs! 
today we join together to remember &amp; honor those whose lives were lost  years ago, the st responders who risked… 
very sad to hear of caleb's passing. my thoughts are with his family and loved ones during this time #teamcaleb #rip 
the #cyhawk trophy stays in iowa city. congrats to the #hawkeyes! 
loebsack reintroduces legislation to provide support for rural schools 
at a  hearing w , i asked what actions  is taking to keep teens safe &amp; free from harassm… 
congrats to the  award winners in #ia! restaurateur of the year: benjamin smart, ,… 
thanks to the  for hosting an event to assemble care packages for military spouses. as a father of marine c… 
hope everyone has a safe and restful labor day! today we thank all the hard working women and men who make our coun… 
the time has finally arrived! the  college football season kicks off  tomorrow! good luck to  ,… 
after  months, epa fails to fully respond to loebsack questions on rfs “hardship” waiver 
america lost a brave, honorable man today. john mccain proudly served our nation both in uniform and in the united… 
sending thoughts and prayer to  and his family during this tough time. sen. mccain is an american her… 
statement from dave on the murder of mollie tibbetts 
leonard boswell is an exceptional man and i was happy to be able to see him at the state fair this past monday. he… 
dave’s statement on the passing of congressman leonard boswell: 
terry and i send our thoughts and prayers to leonard and dody boswell. leonard is an honorable man and i am proud t… 
good luck to iowa's grandview little leaguers who are the midwest region's representative in the little league worl… 
congrats to bloomfield's hailey swan on being named the  iowa state fair queen!  #ia 
great day at the  ! 
wind energy provides iowa with nearly  percent of the power it uses! i am a proud supporter of wind energy and ha… 
proud that  is one of the top #americities, ranking th nationally among cities that  me… 
congratulations to solon's emily wears kroul on winning the women’s national auctioneers association’s st interna… 
congrats to the centerville boys baseball team on winning the state tournament! #ia  
hope everyone riding  had a great last leg from  to dipping their tire in the mississippi i… 
good morning  riders! today's route takes you  miles from sigourney to iowa city! be safe and enjoy… 
today takes  riders from newton to sigourney! it's a  mile trek through iowa's beautiful countryside… 
very pleased legislation to reauthorize &amp; strengthen the carl d. perkins career &amp; tech education act passed in the… 
hello,  riders! hope you enjoy your ride into  and through the rest of iowa's nd dist… 
.,  bill to help homeless youth passes financial services committee 
please to have worked with rep.  to get this legislation, the precision agriculture connectivity act , pas… 
u.s. house passes loebsack, latta legislation to reduce barriers for precision agriculture implementation 
congrats to louisa-muscatine, davenport assumption and pleasant valley high schools! each won their class in the gi… 
powerful storms leaving damage in its wake are moving east across central iowa. stay alert for any severe weather t… 
with new #scotus opening, congress must act to ensure women are able to make their own healthcare decisions in all… 
thanks for the opportunity to speak with you all! we have to keep fighting to ensure the rfs remains strong!… 
loebsack statement on trump’s meeting with putin 
 : we applaud the  committee for its passage of hr , the precision agriculture connectivity act. #gps + #broad…
gov. ray’s impact on iowa has lasted through the years and his legacy will continue on. he was a leader for everyon… 
dave’s statement on cedar rapids being awarded the funding to build its long awaited flood protection measures down… 
happy #thofjuly! i hope everyone has a great time celebrating our nation’s freedom with family and friends. stay safe! 🇺🇸
. has issued a disaster proclamation for  counties due to this weekend's storms and flooding. jasper co… 
 : we are glad to see  voicing opposition at the national level. he wrote a letter to trump administration l…
 : thank you congressman  for taking time to discuss #cancer #patient access to #radiation therapies. #astroadvoca…
it was great meeting with you. thanks for all of your hard work supporting biofuels! 
today, we celebrate #lgbtequalityday and the #scotus decision that made marriage equality the law of the land! tomo… 
uncivil words and actions only lead to more uncivil words and inaction.  we need to strive to be more civil in hope… 
loebsack calls for canada’s permanent exemption from tariffs to protect iowa workers 
 : the #iowapork leadership academy is in dc this week learning about the legislative process and meeting with our elected repre…
 : thanks  for a great meeting with  today and a career of championing nurse issues #anahill…
lawmakers demand answers from epa on failed implementation of renewable fuel standard 
thanks for your advocacy! 
one more day of hot weather across iowa! make sure to stay hydrated and stay out of the sun, when possible. #iawx 
statement from dave on the separation and detention of children from their families 
to all the hardworking dads, grandpas and uncles, happy #fathersday! 
happy #flagday!  years ago, the american flag was adopted as a symbol of our nation's freedom and liberty! 
 : . #subcommtech approved legislation, the precision agriculture connectivity act, authored by myself and …
 : the gps innovation alliance  applauds the #subcommtech for advancing bipartisan legislation that recognizes the crit…
today marks the th anniversary of the floods of  that devastated many homes, businesses and communities acros… 
thanks for coming by and discussing the farm bill! 
 :  thank you for your years of support to #demandbetter in the fight against #pancreaticcancer. we look forward to…
 : . thanks for meeting to discuss the importance of a strong #usun partnership &amp; universal #humanrights. #usafo…
congrats to jared miller of leon for being named the overall grand champion at this weekend's world livestock aucti… 
loebsack introduces bill to develop high-definition mapping for self-driving cars 
once again, former congressman jim leach has a timely reminder that all people deserve respect and we must do a bet… 
 : this morning, fellow co-chairman  and i hosted the army depot caucus breakfast. thank you to this strong g…
loebsack praises fcc’s action to increase funding for the rural health care program 
thanks to the students from washington middle school for coming by the capitol today! thanks for the conversation a… 
loebsack praises $ million federal investment in i-/i- interchange redesign 
congrats to / and  on winning state boys soccer titles this weekend!  #ia
thanks for having me! it was a great conversation! 
as you gather w fam &amp; friends, let’s not forget the true reason for #memorialday. on this most hallowed day, we hon… 
always enjoy joining the  to help assemble care packages for our troops serving overseas! #betheforce 
loebsack statement on house republican’s failure to push through partisan farm bill 
thanks to egg producers from across the country who were in washington to talk about issues they are facing.… 
joined with fellow members of the mental health caucus to wear green today to help #endstigma! may is mental health… 
always honored to help welcome the  to washington while at their visit to the wwii memorial. thank yo… 
happy mother’s day! i hope you can enjoy a peaceful and relaxing day. #mothersday 
loebsack and bustos’ amendment to establish a center of excellence for advanced and additive manufacturing included in national defense a...
honored to introduce my good friend  rep.  at the ’s congressional luncheon. #dmdc 
thanks to the  for hosting their annual breakfast to hear from the iowa delegation. #dmdc 
as always, thanks to the folks with the  for bringing dutch letters from ! a great aftern… 
thanks to all who have chosen to dedicate their lives to educating our nation's children! #teacherappreciationday 
loebsack announces winner of  congressional art contest people’s choice award 
thanks for hosting me! 
#vaccineswork to save lives! over  million children are vaccinated each year to #endpolio, and we are closer tha… 
nation prescription drug take back day is tomorrow (/)! each day  people die from overdoses involving prescrip… 
video: loebsack questions epa administrator pruitt’s commitment to rfs 
pleased that sen.  moved a bipartisan bill in sen judiciary comm to protect special counsel mueller.… 
honored to join  to intro a resolution designating the week of april - as "skills for today wee… 
great hearing from french president  about our two countries rich history and how we can work togeth… 
loebsack announces start of online voting for  congressional art contest 
happy #earthday! we must work together to ensure our water, air and lands are clean and usable. we only have one… 
saddened to hear of former first lady barbara bush’s passing. i send my condolences to president bush and the entire bush family
for those who had problems filing their taxes online today, the #irs has extended the deadline for one day. now due… 
congrats to 's own bryan woods and scott beck on the movie they wrote, 'a quiet place,' on becoming th… 
 : several iowa pork producers visited washington d.c. this week to meet with legislators and congressional staff. they emphasiz…
loebsack statement on granting of e waiver 
here is a link to the video with sound:  
loebsack brings the questions of iowans directly to mark zuckerberg 
re-posted: at a  hearing on facebook and its misuse of personal data, i brought questions submitted b… 
in a few minutes, i will be taking questions from iowans directly to mr. zuckerberg. click the link below to watch… 
#equalpay is not just a women’s issue, but a financial issue as well. it impacts our families, businesses, &amp; econom… 
unfortunately, the  joined big oil at the expense of iowans' clean air &amp; pocketbooks. when fully in place, clea… 
loebsack authored amendment brings $. million to iowa to update buses and bus facilities 
happy #easter to all who are celebrating! 
congrats to newton's own moo's bbq &amp; blues for winning 's pulled pork madness contest. it's official, they… 
 : a bill introduced by iowa rep.  that would require the fcc to revise its wireless coverage maps has been signed…
loebsack’s rural wireless access act signed into law 
happy th birthday, iowa state!    
national champions! congrats to 's men's basketball team on winning the #naiadimbb tournament!… 
today, in celebration of #nationalagday, i would like to thank all of the farmers across iowa and the nation who ar… 
good luck to 's men's basketball team in tonight's #naiadimbb championship game! … 
get out and vote for your favorite burger in iowa! both moo's bbq &amp; blues in newton and morgan's corner bar and gri… 
congratulations to spencer lee of  on becoming a #ncaawreslting champion!
thank you for coming by and sharing your family's story! 
congrats to  and  for making the   tournament! congrats also goes to  on making the  tourney!
thanks for coming by! 
it was great chatting with you as well. thanks for all that you do! 
my rural wireless access act passed the house today as part of a larger package of bills! my bill ensures data maps… 
congratulations to iowa city  for winning the a state girls high school basketball championship! #ighsau
thanks for coming by the office! 
as a lifelong iowan, this wasn't news to me, but glad the rest of the country is in on it now! 🥇 
a very classy way to honor chris street's memory by jordan bohannon! #cms 
 : thank you  staff for meeting with our  volunteer last week to discuss the importance of cancer rese…
good luck to the girls basketball teams from #ia as they compete in the state tourney! , ,… 
 : thank you iowa congressman  for visiting the  campus today to learn how #uiresearch is helping drive…
thanks for the great tour! 
 : excited to be on the hill today on behalf of  to talk with maddie in representative ’s office abou…
 : "it doesn't matter where you're from, you can help each other."  student behruz from tajikistan explains the…
great meeting with you all! keep up your important work! 
congrats to #teamusa on winning their th all-time winter olympics gold medal! 💯🥇🇺🇸 #olympics
 : thank you, congressman , for meeting with iowa community health center representatives today to discuss health ce…
 : thanks for meeting with iasb board/public school advocates  #nsbaai  #advocacy …
great to see iowa’s own sal giunta on the field of #superbowl for the coin toss. sal is a #medalofhonor recipie… 
very exciting news for the ! 
loebsack statement on the state of the union address 
congrats to newton, sigourney, iowa city and davenport on being selected as #ragbrai stops in #ia!
 : thank you very much to  for visiting chcsi’s newly renovated leon office today. we appreciated the opport…
joined fellow house rural broadband caucus co-chairs to call on  to insist rural #broadband remains… 
thanks for coming by the office and for all that you do! 
congress needs a long-term plan to fund the government and fix our pressing challenges. i just voted no on… 
proud to support the men and women in law enforcement who help keep our communities safe!… 
excited to have launched a newly revamped online home for iowans ()!  
congrats to the cyclones! 
#happybirthdayiowa! #otd: #iowa became the th state admitted to the union! check out  iowa #map c… 
congrats to the hawks! 
 : special thanks to congressman loebsack for visiting ls today!  
the  just voted to repeal #netneutrality provisions. i'm committed to ensuring internet content can't be blocke… 
perfect end to a great day! lovely night at the victorian stroll in albia! happy and safe holidays to all! 
loebsack leads legislation to invest $ billion in combating opioid epidemic 
happy thanksgiving! i hope everyone’s day is filled with family, friends, food and fun! stay safe if you are traveling!
wearing my purple tie today in recognition of #pancreaticcancerday! happy to help raise awareness about this diseas… 
 : thank you  for meeting about health care &amp; patient experience in research act  …
happy to help welcome former rep. jim leach back to washington this morning. he is in dc along with the university… 
on the th hour of the th day of the th month we pause to honor and remember those who have served in defense… 
loebsack successful in effort to ensure life-saving medical research continues 
loebsack introduces legislation to provide job training for veterans 
loebsack legislation to create national, coordinated response to diabetes signed into law 
good luck to all the girls from se ia in the  volleyball tourney!     &amp; holy trinity catholic
video: loebsack continues fight for cedar rapids flood protection 
proud to earn % on food policy action's  scorecard by supporting good food policies for families!  #votefood
mourning the deaths of those killed in nyc. thoughts &amp; prayers to families &amp; those injured. thanks to the st responders for their bravery.
another amazing win for ! great afternoon of football. let’s keep it going this evening, !
 : proud to lead the bipartisan effort to continue funding for cdmrp w , , &amp;  http…
congrats to double dip in chariton &amp;  in bur for being named runners up to 's  best pork tenderloin title

thanks to gw bush for his honesty. his words and sentiments are powerful &amp; i hope politicians and the american people will read his speech.
loebsack, house biofuels caucus lead call for robust rfs volumes 
 : today is national farmer's day! #thankafarmer 
video: sec. perry refuses to walk back administration’s attack on iowa jobs 
in honor of #nationalfarmersday i hope everyone will take some time to thank a farmer! iowa's farmers help fuel and… 
 : thank you  for supporting the capitol hill health fair and the profession of #pharmacy. #pharmacists #aphm…
video: loebsack sponsored legislation to create national, coordinated response to diabetes heads to president for signature https://goo.g...
reps. loebsack, jenkins send letter to hhs on direct supervision 
we can’t let wind &amp; solar tax credits that support ia jobs, rural communities &amp; lower dependence on oil to be cut 
great day for college football in iowa! huge win for  and a solid win for !
congrats to jared miller of leon for being the champion auctioneer at the #wlac western qualifier!  
had a great morning at the  welcoming veterans who flew to dc on the . these vets served… 
i join my fellow americans in grieving the tragic loss of the men and women in las vegas. my thoughts go to their families &amp; loved ones. congratulations to jacqueline prawira on winning the marconi/samueli award for innovation! jacqueline attends altam… 
my deepest sympathies go out to the people of pittsburgh and the jewish community as our nation grieves for the liv… 
it's always a pleasure to catch up with my good friend, oakley city councilwoman sue higgins. we had a very product… 
i was honored to attend the san joaquin d american public transportation association award celebration. d has b… 
i'm proud to receive a score of % on 's congressional voting record, and to support critical legi… 
the #deltatunnels would irreparably damage the delta &amp; comes with an exorbitant price tag, but no proof it would im… 
i was proud to have helped deliver the nearly $ million in federal funds for the lower san joaquin river flood c… 
great turnout last night at the informational session my office hosted for the military service academies. lots of… 
yesterday, i joined my colleagues and the korean consulate general in san francisco to honor korean war veterans in… 
it doesn’t matter if you’re republican, democrat, or independent — if congress doesn’t restore #netneutrality, you’… 
great turnout this weekend for the stockton walk to end alzheimer's. as a proud supporter of the bold act - which w… 
thank you for the opportunity to be a part of this important conversation! 
it was a privilege to attend a screening of ‘the longest road’ - a documentary by my friend &amp; stockton native richa… 
americans across the country support restoring #netneutrality protections. this is a bipartisan issue. democrats an… 
a cola increase of .% is good news, but we need to #expandsocialsecurity benefits to keep up with the rising cost… 
i join our community in mourning the loss &amp; remembering the life of stockton native alex spanos. he &amp; his wife faye… 
for anyone interested in applying to the military service academies, i'll be hosting an informational session on th… 
the #toxictrump administration pulled the us out of the #parisagreement, abdicating our role as a global leader on… 
it was an honor to speak at ’s value of #highereducation event. thank you to uc president janet napol… 
they have created a divisive environment, where politics is more important than seeking the truth and upholding the… 
president trump and senate republicans have made it clear that their ambitions and political agenda come before the… 
the cornerstone of our democracy has always been an impartial judicial system, free from political bias and influen… 
in today’s world, those who lack connectivity will be left behind. #wifi plays a crucial role in our ability to exp… 
in the early s, i worked with colleagues to help develop the “square cube law," which gives engineers guideline… 
#safecoastact would overturn this administration's actions that weaken safety rules implemented after… 
the #veterans history project keeps veterans' stories alive so future generations may hear directly from former ser… 
i’m proud to cosponsor the cra resolution to restore net neutrality. we must act quickly to pass this critical legi… 
the trump administration’s lawsuit against california is yet another example of its continued efforts to destroy a… 
thank you  for signing #sb and ensuring that californians have strong #netneutrality protections.… 
 : :  do you feel confident u.s. #utilities are prepared against russian and north korea #cyberattacks? '…
.  shared her story, now the women accusing justice kavanaugh need to be able to share theirs. this… 
americans are sick and tired of our broken #campaignfinance system that puts the demands of special interests above… 
tomorrow  will vote on a proposal that would undermine our cities’ ability to meet the needs of their communiti… 
our democracy works best when everyone is engaged. make sure your voice is heard this november by registering to vo… 
in less than a week, the  clock will run out on the #lwcf program, which supports . million jobs across the count… 
#renewableenergy industries are expanding and have great potential to grow our economy. i'm proud to introduce legi… 
small business owners deserve equal access to the internet so they can grow and thrive. without #netneutrality, sma… 
i had a great time touring st. joseph’s surgery center recently. thank you very much to the staff for taking the ti… 
thank you to  for the opportunity to be a part of yesterday's important discussion. our region depe… 
 : sending thoughts and prayers to chairman  and his family as he recuperates. speedy recovery, mr. chairman!…
the watersense program is a vital resource that helps americans identify water-efficient products so they can make… 
 : we can take ambition to the next level at  in san francisco this week. that's why  and the senate climate task forc…
 : most americans agree: people with pre-existing conditions should not be denied health insurance.   sadly, republican po…
great discussion with  this morning! #atlanticprivacy 
 : despite hesitation from republicans,  is optimistic about the proposal that allows the  to regulate digit…
 : . speaks to california's law for data and privacy that will be implemented in  and how it will impact the…
 : .: it's crucial that users know what data is collected and how its being used. they need some meaningful cont…
going live at : am to talk about data privacy. tune it to watch the full discussion! #atlanticprivacy 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
at #ca's joint legislative budget committee hearing, i urged the committee to exercise much-needed oversight regard… 
today we remember those we lost on that tragic #sept day  years ago. we mourn with their families and honor our… 
some in the majority are working to erode our already weakened #campaignfinance system. as co-chair of the bipartis… 
 : if you’re a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at  or txt …
today, i sent a letter to members of the #california state legislature, urging them to cancel tomorrow's joint legi… 
today at the  hearing, i asked  ceo  dorsey about the potential discriminatory effects… 
 : huge thanks to  for his recent visit to our campus! we appreciated the opportunity to share how  su…
congratulations to maria mcclain, who was named as one of the  #stem teacher ambassadors! maria teaches at deer… 
my staff will host mobile office hours tomorrow (wednesday /) from am-pm pst at brentwood city hall (nd floo… 
thank you to everyone who came out to my town halls for some great discussions. i look forward to taking your thoug… 
late last night, the #ca state legislature postponed a last-minute hearing that would have forced through the disas… 
 : thank you  for visiting ebay today and discussing important subjects like global trade and privacy with us. we appr…
i hope you’ll join me in celebrating the life and accomplishments of katherine johnson, and wishing her a very happ… 
i had a great meeting with  chief tammany brooks following a ride along with officer amiri. thank you… 
 : rubicon had a great time showing  around our #antiochca office! we look forward to working with him to #br…
he was a man of integrity who stood up for the values of our nation, always reminding us that we are a part of some… 
today america lost a true patriot and statesman. john mccain was a man of principle and character. he dedicated his… 
as co-chair of #startupweek across america, i celebrated the innovative and economic contributions of startups by v… 
the president is proposing we give a break to his friends in the coal industry and neglect the health of the public… 
today's news proves that we must continue to support the #mueller investigation. the president's former lawyer has… 
supporting small business means supporting #netneutrality. small businesses need the internet to reach their custom… 
i had a great time meeting with the japanese exchange students from stockton’s sister cities association. we had a… 
 : when did you know cyberattack claims were fake, ?   asks , ,  and …
great turnout at last weekend’s veterans resource fair! thanks to all the service providers who came out, and to th… 
the collapse of the #sinclair-tribune merger is a big victory for consumers. i’ve long spoken out against this merg… 
there are serious allegations of individuals asserting improper influence at the . we need to get to… 
we had some great discussions last night at my stockton town hall and i'm looking forward to seeing everyone in ant… 
looking forward to seeing everyone tonight! i'll be hosting a town hall from : pm - : pm at temple israel in… 
#ca needs smart water policy and compassionate disaster relief. we must use a scientific and rational approach to t… 
i hope to see you tomorrow at the veterans resource fair i'll be hosting at san joaquin county worknet. from :… 
tune in live to my veterans town hall! i'm joined by representatives from the va and the army corps of engineers to… 
i hope to see you tomorrow at my next veterans town hall! i'll be hosting it at health plan of san joaquin from :… 
i'll be hosting a veterans resource fair next saturday, august th from : am - : pm at san joaquin county w… 
in honor of #nationalinternday, i would like to thank these talent young leaders who interned in my washington offi… 
i'm hosting another #veterans town hall on tuesday, july st from : - : am at health plan of san joaquin.… 
as the entire world watched,  allowed an adversarial and dangerous foreign leader to question the integrity o… 
i recently had the privilege of speaking at the discovery challennge academy graduation in stockton. please join me… 
it was wonderful to meet with this year's rising stars &amp; their families at the service academies reception. it’s al… 
these indictments make it clear that we must continue to support director #mueller’s investigation. russia made a c… 
 : happening now: committee is debating a resolution that would require the trump administration to provide critical docum…
thanks to james and carol from stockton, who took a few minutes from their day to stop by my office. i always enjoy… 
great discussion on the innovative technologies moving healthcare forward. thanks for the opportunity to be apart o… 
great meeting with  of the . our firefighters sacrifice every day to protect our community, and… 
wishing you and your family a safe and happy #independenceday! 
today i had the privilege of participating in a naturalization ceremony, &amp; welcoming our nation’s newest citizens.… 
clean energy is cost effective &amp; will provide a better quality of life for students &amp; everyone in our community. i… 
americans deserve to feel safe in their workplaces, classrooms, churches and other spaces where these heinous and a… 
today our nation grieves for the lives lost at the hands of a gunman who was able to purchase a weapon legally, des… 
 : check out 's coverage of our #cybersecurity of the electric grid #capitolhill forum on june : congressman targe…
today’s scotus decision has dealt a major blow to public employees &amp; their ability to collectively bargain. unions… 
 : new:  ca members of congress r calling  the  to hand over info on any proposal to house undocumented immigrants  c…
three years ago, marriage equality became the law of the land, but there is still work to be done. the equality act… 
access to a free and open internet isn’t a privilege, it’s a right. that's why i signed the discharge petition and… 
women have a right to accurate and unbiased information about their healthcare options. today’s scotus decision in… 
the supreme court’s decision to uphold president trump’s travel ban is a direct contrast to the founding principles… 
kicking off the second meeting of the bipartisan #campaignfinance reform caucus with ,  and… 
mary and i had a great time at the town of discovery bay’s th anniversary celebration this weekend. thanks to the… 
 : thank you , , , , , ,, …
 : five years after #scotus gutted the voting rights act, voter suppression tactics are on the rise, from voter purges to…
five years ago, the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in its shelby county v. holder decision, but there i… 
great meeting today with some of antioch’s finest. thanks to mayor sean wright, councilman tony tiscareno and city… 
 : “math has a beauty that takes a little bit of work to understand. these students truly get it.”    awards math #s…
separating children from their parents is cruel &amp; inhumane. that’s why i’m standing with my colleagues in support o… 
i've heard from thousands of californians about this issue, &amp; i'll continue to fight in congress to repeal this bac… 
strong #netneutrality protections are crucial to the free flow of ideas &amp; future economic growth. as the… 
#juneteenth is more than a celebration of progress, it is a reminder of the continued work we must do to eradicate… 
there is no greater moral obligation that we have than to care for the children of this world. tearing them from th… 
  thank you, my friend!
this week i had the opportunity to talk to some bright young students from bristow middle school in brentwood. afte… 
congratulations to team democrat! both teams played well at the annual #congressionalbaseballgame, and the proceeds… 
another great #scienceonthehill event! thanks to  and  for once again partnering with me to br… 
 : “science isn't the answer to everything. but having an informed decision making process is helpful.” —  #scienceonth…
 : ⁦⁩ says we need more artificial intelligence in healthcare to enhance our lives  ⁦⁩ #scien…
kicking off a great discussion about artificial intelligence and its role in the future of healthcare.… 
looking forward to a great discussion on thursday! #scienceonthehill 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
it’s always good to catch up with my good friend bob taylor. a great public servant, bob’s been the mayor of brentw… 
 : last month news reports revealed that the trump administration circulated an internal email suggesting the white house ign…
today, the ’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect. access to a free and open internet isn’t a privilege,… 
 million americans with pre-existing conditions are protected under the affordable care act, but last night the… 
 : if you or someone you know is a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at …
i'm proud to be one of nearly  members of congress who joined  to demand that the president compl… 
i had a great time speaking at the ribbon cutting ceremony for #eba. these trains are equipped with the cutting-e… 
today is the california primary election! polls will be open until  pm, so be sure to make your voice heard. to fi… 
we need commonsense, rational gun laws that keep weapons out of the hands of dangerous people to ensure the safety… 
#lgbtq americans have the right to live free from the indignity of discrimination. i stand with the #lgbtq communit… 
 : i joined cleveland school remembers and , this morning at victory park, in support of national gun violence…
 : here at victory park for#gunviolenceawarenessday w/   &amp;  
 : we stand with the hundreds of governors, mayors, tribal leaders, communities &amp; universities fighting climate change. t…
 : nice to see  visiting with #vfw at  in #brentwood on monday. 
this weekend, mary &amp; i were honored to attend the oakley #memorialday observance ceremony. as we reflect on this ho… 
had a great time talking with oakley city manager and  professor bryan montgomery's political science cl… 
today i had the privilege of speaking at the antioch #memorialday ceremony, and paying tribute to the brave men and… 
this week, we had an important conversation in the  subcommittee on how to empower #veterans through e… 
congratulations to stockton collegiate international secondary school, which was ranked by  as one of the na… 
let us not forget to thank and celebrate our service men and women on this #armedforcesday.
 : this is a code red: the trump-pence admin is pursuing the most extreme effort to roll back women’s healthcare in decades…
the tragedy in santa fe, tx is far too familiar. every day congress fails to enact commonsense gun reforms, it fail… 
i signed the discharge petition to force a vote to restore #netneutrality protections. the senate has done their pa… 
an appropriations bill should not include a provision to eliminate judicial review. see my full statement below on… 
this #policeweek, please join me in thanking our law enforcement officers for their sacrifice and service to our co… 
democrats in the senate took the first step to #savetheinternet. now the fight comes to the house. i've heard from… 
the fight for a free and open internet continues as senate democrats vote to #savetheinternet today. i'm proud to s… 
today we honor the women who nurtured us and helped shape us into who we are. happy #mothersday to our mothers and… 
it was a pleasure attending the east county naacp membership &amp; awards banquet this past weekend as they honored civ… 
while at , i heard directly from local startups about how the entrepreneur lab's incubation program ha… 
throughout her tenure, fcc commissioner clyburn has been a tireless champion for consumers and a staunch defender o… 
the future of the internet is at stake as we continue to fight against the ’s repeal of #netneutrality. senate… 
the future of tomorrow is being shaped by the teachers of today. #teacherappreciationday 
i strongly disagree with the decision to reject the #jcpoa. this will likely hurt american consumers at the pump, a… 
housing and community development investments at hud and usda are critical to the success of our neighborhoods and… 
every year the talent and passion of our high school students astounds me. congratulations to ronald mcnair high se… 
great meeting with blanca castro and rita saenz from . we discussed a number of key issues facing our… 
thanks to  for taking the time to talk with me about how they're working to improve mobility for every… 
thanks to everyone who came out for the relaunch of the bipartisan #campaignfinance reform caucus! as a co-founder… 
it appears that  personally benefits from many of his decisions as head of the epa. this is very dis… 
i'll be questioning  in just a few minutes. i'm concerned about his proposed cuts to essential progr… 
it's been four years and families in flint are still relying on filters and bottled water. clean drinking water is… 
i had the opportunity to speak at the #infinitepossibilities conference for women of color in mathematics and stati… 
in the last decade, we’ve made immense progress to reduce air &amp; water pollution &amp; to prioritize the preservation of… 
that’s why one of my top priorities is to continue to resist &amp; combat the dangerous regulatory rollbacks this admin… 
i’ll also be participating in #earthday events &amp; i hope to see you there! i’m committed to fighting for the future… 
today, many of you will be celebrating #earthday by planting a tree, helping to clean up a local park or a number o… 
 :  lost lives.  million barrels of spilled oil. catastrophic loss of wildlife and habitat. that was the result #deepw…
don't forget! tomorrow is the last day for submissions for the  congressional art competition. i'm excited to s… 
today, i cosponsored a resolution calling for 's immediate resignation. he is under multiple indepen… 
my thoughts are with the bush family today as we mourn the loss of barbara bush – an advocate, author, loving wife… 
this week is #nationalvolunteerweek. i recently had the opportunity to volunteer at , serving meals… 
reminder: today is the last day to file your taxes on time. additionally, if you believe you have received a call f… 
thanks to the students and faculty at  for inviting me to speak at the natural science and mathematics co… 
as scientists around the nation gather today, i want to thank everyone who came out to the women in #stem forum las… 
today our sikh american neighbors celebrate one of the most significant days in sikh history. please join me in wis… 
it’s clear from mr. #zuckerberg’s testimony that americans are in need of privacy protections and are looking to co… 
i'll be asking mark #zuckerberg about cambridge analytica and the misuse of consumers' information in just a few mi… 
tomorrow, i'll ask mark #zuckerberg about cambridge analytica &amp; the misuse of consumers' information. i joined… 
ensuring #equalpay for equal work is essential to the health and strength of our economy. when women succeed, our n… 
you can still apply to renew your #daca status. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, please visi… 
hope to see you today at the women in stem forum! we'll be talking about the opportunities and challenges for women… 
reminder: i'll be hosting an interactive discussion this saturday with prominent women in our area. we'll be talkin… 
today is gold star spouses day. please join me in honoring the loved ones of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice… 
 years ago, an act of hate took the life of an american hero. dr. king fought for justice &amp; fairness - from march… 
 : a year ago today, president trump signed away your privacy rights by giving your internet service provider control of y…
that's why i joined my colleagues on this letter to the  to #stopsinclair and #savelocalnews. 
i've opposed the  merger since day one. it would allow one company to dominate media coverage in loca… 
i hope to see you this weekend for an interactive discussion with women working in the #stem fields. i'll be joined… 
any discussion or movement toward #va privatization is an insult to the men &amp; women who selflessly put their lives… 
those who have borne the battle to preserve our freedom often face challenges upon their return to civilian life. m… 
while there are improvements to be made within the va system, i am deeply disturbed by allegations that there is a… 
long ago, we made a commitment to our #veterans. for their service to our country, we promised to provide them with… 
hope to see many of you tonight at my town hall with  in antioch! 
i am committed to continuing to fight for you and will work with my colleagues to push for these measures to be bro…  as a member of congress, i have the honor and privilege of nominating candidates to the united states military serv… 
this equals the current number of troops battling isis. militarizing the border is not going to solve the immigrati… 
 : new: house speaker paul ryan maintained that president trump’s claim that he could end birthright citizenship with an exec…
 : last night, #parkersolarprobe surpassed , mph becoming fastest-ever human-made object, relative to the sun! this breaks the…
 : the new tower-peña westbound on-ramp is now open! officials from commerce city, ,  and …
 : celebrating our regional partnerships with      …
happy to celebrate the opening of the long-awaited on-ramp at the intersection of tower road and peña boulevard. th… 
despite the complete lack of leadership from the white house during this time of terrible tragedy and unease, we ar… 
don't forget to #getcovered during this year's open enrollment period. more information about what to expect this y… 
this is a hate crime and another horrific act of violence in one of our communities - it should not and will not be… 
our next senior resource fair will be on friday, november th. if you're looking for information on senior service… 
want to know what i'm working on in congress or what's on the agenda for the rest of this year?  sign up for my e-n… 
we all remember that fateful day on july ,  - it changed lives forever. inclusion of our amendment in the #faa… 
under the ongoing assault on our healthcare by the trump admin &amp; republicans, americans with addiction issues or pr… 
 : building an aerotropolis: development surge boosts  region as major economic hub #econdev …
viviana recently graduated from yale w/honors in the midst of her father being deported to mexico. so proud to cele… 
federal law used to allow insurance companies to discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions. we canno… 
these types of threats are never okay. i'm glad no one has been hurt, and i appreciate the hard work of our law enf… 
this new proposal adds to a long list of examples where the trump administration has tried to discriminate against… 
. &amp; the gop continue to threaten healthcare for those with preexisting conditions. just yesterday,… 
. is using this humanitarian crisis for political purposes &amp; to continue to mislead the american pu… 
excited to celebrate w/ as they open their new completion center. their continued growth &amp; investme… 
this is great news, and will further cement the strong relationship and collaboration between mines, usgs and the d… 
extreme weather and the devastation it can bring to communities and families across the us is one of the many reaso… 
jefferson county is aging and we must ensure our seniors and their families get the resources they need. my office… 
icymi - the esports industry is expanding rapidly ... and coming soon to lakewood! 
the full findings of the #muellerinvestigation must be made public.  
the #muellerinvestigation helped shed light on this operation. it's important we prosecute these bad actors and pro… 
as much as republicans want to, we cannot go back to the old days of discriminating against people with pre-existin… 
happy birthday to colorado’s very own , the world’s only research institute to have sent space science ins… 
 : the u.s. charged a russian with conspiring to influence the midterms, as u.s. agencies voiced concern over election interference b…
our community is one of the greatest places on earth, and a great place to live, work and play! #tisaprivilege 
icymi - the anniversary of the #cleanwateract, recent news on #socialsecurity &amp; fafsa, and a special birthday messa… 
glad to see deputy ag rod rosenstein voice support for the #muellerinvestigation and confirm the investigation is w… 
 : don't miss out on that 💵! know these  fafsa deadlines:  
the #cleanwateract was a landmark achievement that helped provide vital protections to ensure clean water for our f… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
dyk - in , president taft first brought forward the idea of an organization to represent the concerns of us biz… 
glad we were able to help jason and maigan, and glad they will be back in colorado tonight! 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : you may recall that many republicans said their tax cuts would "pay for themselves" through increased growth/revenues. i…
#tisaprivilege to live in colorado! 
"the annual deficit continues a pattern of fiscal recklessness that trump &amp; republicans have established since they… 
if it weren't for the #goptaxscam, which gave massive tax cuts to corporations and wealthy donors, the deficit woul… 
sad to hear about the loss of bill coors, a friend, a pioneer and an icon in our community and in the brewing indus… 
find out more about what the . percent cost-of-living adjustment for social security benefits means for you throu… 
today kicks off national wildlife refuge week which highlights conservation efforts in the refuge system and the im… 
icymi - richard pinedo sentenced to six months in prison as part of the #muellerinvestigation. he's the third perso… 
in just a few weeks, the  will unveil its second time capsule and carry on the tradition of filling a… 
#firepreventionweek serves as an important reminder about how to keep your home and your family safe in case of a f… 
great event yesterday! congrats to  councilor laura weinberg and  for your contributions to ou… 
 are prepared to provide opportunity for hardworking families, create jobs, stop the culture of corr… 
. promised “the biggest &amp; boldest infrastructure investment in american history”  instead republica… 
. promised, “we will always protect americans with pre-existing conditions… that’s a major part of… 
another scare tactic from the trump administration which leaves hardworking immigrant families with an impossible c… 
 : it's clear russia executed a wide-spread disinformation campaign, targeting americans, to undermine the american public’s…
without a suitable replacement for the #cleanpowerplan, our progress on the issue of climate change is in jeopardy.… 
we need social security benefits to keep up with the rising costs that hit seniors hard – hospital bills, doctor vi… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
this report is alarming and eye-opening but we must continue to do everything we can to address this challenge. for… 
trump's own administration officials at the epa admit that this proposal will “degrade air quality and adversely af… 
#tisaprivilege to live in jefferson county and colorado! 
 : the  #climatechangereport must be a wake-up call to congress and #toxictrump. the time for #climateaction is now. the…
 : you can't corroborate what you don't investigate. 
congratulations to colorado's own paul romer for this incredible achievement!  
interesting story about the effort to bring black-footed ferrets back from extinction, starting right in our own ba… 
september was a really productive month with several pieces of legislation getting signed into law or taking a big… 
confirming lifetime appointments to the highest court is one of the most important responsibilities of the senate a… 
#scotus is one of our most highly-regarded institutions b/c historically it has been one of the less partisan bodie… 
 : let's go rockies! #rocktober 
furthermore, the president and his allies in the senate have shamefully mocked the women who bravely came forward w… 
happy #mfgday! 
early on, i voiced concerns about #judgekavanaugh's record on women’s rights, lgbt equality, citizens united &amp; immi… 
every american should be able to drink clean water, breathe clean air &amp; not fear exposure to harmful toxins/chemica… 
today is national #energyefficiency day. learn how you can #saveenergy &amp; #savemoney for #eeday here:… 
 : it’s about time! congress finally passed our helicopter fuel system safety legislation, and we expect it to be signed in…
my district is home to three refuges, one of which is rocky flats, which opened on september . these are great pl… 
october is national cyber security awareness month. these days it’s not a matter of if your personal information ha… 
 : a special, heartfelt thank you to karen mahany, who is committed to making sure that nobody else has to suffer the way s…
this fix should have been made a long time ago and too many people have been killed or injured as a result but goin… 
this is big news, and a big step forward in allowing congress to proceed with its constitutional duty to oversee an… 
congress needs to act to permanently reauthorize the #lwcf once and for all. it is a bipartisan, common sense progr… 
congrats to these five colorado schools, especially kendrick lakes elementary in lakewood. keep up the good work! 
 : president trump has sold himself as a self-made billionaire but a times investigation found that he received more than $ mi…
update: this legislation was signed into law on friday, and will provide desperately-needed financial peace of mind… 
happy birthday ! can't wait to see what we accomplish in the next  years! #mars 
any change to current regulations will face lengthy litigation and challenges. i have been calling for a ban on the… 
the healing continues for so many a year after the #lasvegasshooting. we must continue to #honorwithaction to try a… 
don't forget! military service academy applications are due tomorrow! learn more here: . 
i enjoyed sitting down with you for this interview! i look forward to continuing to work with you on a variety of i… 
need more information about congressional procedure or a big issue currently under debate in congress? thanks to th… 
this reauthorization bill includes an important safety provision that requires all newly manufactured helicopters b… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
it is clear after yesterday the vote on #judgekavanuagh should not happen and his nomination should be pulled.  
exciting news! congratulations to both  and  on their partnership and this step forward. 
i applaud dr. ford's courage to come before the senate committee today. every allegation should be taken seriously… 
thank you for all your work on this! this is great news and should've been done long ago. 
this bill successfully passed the us house today which means the law will soon include cancer treatment as a qualif… 
if deputy attorney general rosenstein is fired, there is serious reason to be concerned for the future of the… 
sat down w/ today for a  #onesmallstep interview to learn more about one another despite di… 
the #goptaxscam lets the wealthiest % deduct the costs for their private jets – and republicans want to pay for it… 
are you ready to vote? don't let #nationalvoterregistrationday pass you by without making sure you're ready to make… 
as more allegations come into the open about brett kavanaugh, it’s urgent that the  re-open his background inve… 
#publiclands = jobs and are a major economic driver in co and across the country. the clock will run out on this im… 
#lwcf is about to expire for the second time under republican leadership. instead of protecting our #publiclands, t… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
the first step in exercising your right to vote is registering to vote. take some time to get registered or update… 
#rosenstein is the "only official standing between trump and the special counsel’s russia investigation, which the… 
this is a lifetime appointment to the highest court of the land. every allegation should be taken seriously and tho… 
several pieces of legislation to protect the #muellerinvestigation are pending before congress. it's time for repub… 
the #lwcf is important for colorado businesses and for our outdoor economy. we need to reauthorize the program perm… 
tomorrow is a great opportunity to spend some time in one of colorado's four state parks. the next (and last) free… 
  thanks for taking the time to come in!
effective today, you can freeze and unfreeze your credit for no charge. learn other tips for how to protect your pe… 
one year after #hurricanemaria #puertorico continues to suffer from the destruction caused by the storm. to save li… 
without #netneutrality, small businesses will be charged extra fees to stay online and compete with bigger companie… 
i enjoyed the visit! 
another admission that the gop plans to slash medicare, medicaid and social security in an attempt to make up for t… 
proud of the  employees and suppliers in colorado on a successful #deltaii #icesat launch for . thi… 
good news - now (c)()s &amp; ()s will have to disclose more of their donors. this loophole has flourished since … 
great news and glad to see colorado continuing to attract new jobs and businesses! #tisaprivilege 

due to various factors, colorado was earlier in to the recession but also earlier out. icymi - great story by… 
 : tonight's the night! the adams county board of commissioners will hold a telephone town hall from - p.m. sign up to r…
this is very serious and christine blasey ford deserves to be heard.  
 the fincen improvement act (hr ). learn more here - .
after the multibillion dollar cleanup, i'm glad to see the wildlife refuge open. i hope the testing done this year… 
last week was productive with one of my bill's passing the house and another on its way. plus as you're getting rea… 
recent developments in the #muellerinvestigation show that it is clearly warranted &amp; producing results, issuing … 
president trump is already an unindicted co-conspirator in the criminal case against michael cohen. the… 
 : put smoke alarms on every level of your home, test them monthly, and replace them when they are  years old. #natlprep…
more proof that the #goptaxscam was for corporations and the wealthy, not middle class families. 
thank you to everyone for their work on this! glad to see us get one step closer on this important legislation to h… 
thanks for your work on this issue! this is a huge step forward to provide patients with financial peace of mind wh… 
#whatareyouhiding #followthefacts #letmuellerwork 
people like julie who have had to battle cancer should be able to focus on their treatment. hr  would defer pay… 
icymi -  and i are working to modernize fincen and ensure our law enforcement &amp; intelligence communi… 
 : statement from rep. ed perlmutter (d-co) on president trump’s tweets this morning on the hurricane death toll in puerto ri…
the most recent death toll comes from an academic and scientifically-validated report. 's denial of… 
h.r. , which passed the us house yesterday, will help keep the u.s. safe by working to identify &amp; combat the fi… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
for too long, we haven’t invested in america’s infrastructure. it's time to invest real dollars so we can address t… 
thanks for your support. i believe that by encouraging greater consistency with  guidance, this bill will help… 
 : what do hurricanes look like from space? it depends on how you look! we have satellites, cameras aboard the  and ot…
#letmuellerwork  #followthefacts  
it's been a tough five years but the resilience and rebuilding of these communities is inspiring. 
another indication of the trump administration's priorities:  focusing $$ on immigrant detention rather than emerge… 
there are still too many barriers at the ballot box. by making september national voting rights month, we can bring… 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
we’re seeing wildfires, heatwaves and floods, yet  is giving the oil and gas industry a green-light to… 
 : the fbi is training political campaigns to fight foreign influence in colorado. but what about you, as a voter?  here are…
with more than x the warming power of carbon dioxide, methane is a major driver of climate change. colorado's rul… 
today marks a dark and painful moment in american history, but it also represents the strength and resiliency of th… 
as we remember the lives lost and the families devastated by the events of this day  years ago, we also remember… 
from my family to yours, happy new year  #roshhashanah 
new #medicare cards are in the process of being mailed out and will include a new unique number rather than your ss… 
go broncos! #broncoscountry #beattheseahawks 
congrats to kelly cvanciger from bear creek high school for being selected as a finalist for the  teacher of th… 
if you were impacted by the equifax breach, click below for tips on how to prevent and detect the types of identity… 
if president trump and republicans succeed in rolling back protections for people with pre-existing conditions, .… 
majority of americans agree: the #muellerinvestigation must continue. #letmuellerwork #followthefacts 
the #supremecourt has immense power to shape the future of our country including w/ women’s rights, lgbt equality,… 
there's a lot at stake with the #kavanaughconfirmation and only a small fraction of judge kavanaugh's record has be… 
.'s policies have made the trade deficit worse and we are far from "winning" any trade war. instead… 
the '- crisis resulted in $ trillion in lost household wealth &amp;  million americans losing their jobs. dodd-f… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
a year later and still no legislation passed to provide protection for #daca recipients. nearly , dreamers in… 
today republicans continue their attack on the affordable care act as they try yet again to take away protections f… 
supporting employees and employers in workforce development opportunities and training for jobs of the future will… 
icymi - workforce development month in denver will include more than  job fairs, free training and workshops thro… 
 : mount everest may be the ultimate climbing challenge on earth, but it has nothing on the volcanoes of mars. learn how our …
 : testing along the g line has progressed well enough to allow testing hours, and subsequent train noise, to be reduced. trains…
the #supremecourt has immense power to shape the future of our country and serves as a critically important check o… 
 : i urge my colleagues to support the price transparency bill  and i introduced earlier this year. we believe…
today we pay tribute to the american worker and the contributions workers have made to the strength and prosperity… 
in colorado we have more than , federal workers who work hard on behalf of their country and deserve to make a… 
it's important that we permanently reauthorize the #lwcf to help protect and conserve our public lands. 
happy labor day weekend! 
go buffs! #rockymountainshowdown 
for this year's service project, my office volunteered with 's meals on wheels program. the senior hub… 
it's past time that we permanently reauthorize the land &amp; water conservation fund. this is particularly important i… 
i wrote a letter asking the administration to repeal this tariff so i'm glad to see the commission overturn this de… 
a great celebration of a big step forward for this important project! 
adams county is just one example of how colorado is thriving and the opportunities available for good-paying jobs a… 
 : #didyouknow? every u.s. aircraft flying today and every u.s. air traffic control tower uses technology that we’ve developed. lear…
thanks for taking the time to meet with me. i enjoyed learning more about your business, and it helped inform me as… 
colorado is the greatest place on earth! we have to make sure our growing economy works for everyone and is paying… 
congrats to jefferson county's lynn johnson on her nomination! 
schools need new technology, more funding for art &amp; stem classes &amp; stronger mental health services for students. i'… 
happy birthday katherine! 
we know a lot more now than we did when the #muellerinvestigation first started but there's a lot more left to unco… 
so sad to hear the news of gun violence impacting another community in our country today. the victims, their famili… 
this is unacceptable. this cruel policy should have never been implemented in the first place and now we see the tr… 
john mccain was a courageous, resilient and honorable american who dedicated his life to serving our country, and h… 
more stores opening in time for back to school and holiday shopping! 
the #muellerinvestigation has led to  criminal counts against  people and  companies, plus the guilty plea of… 
and yet the trump administration continues to try and weaken important environmental protections and standards that… 
"all of the technical defenses the president’s legal team can stand up will not prevent the truth from coming out."… 
thanks for having me on. the #muellerinvestigation has helped secure the conviction of paul manafort &amp;  guilty ple… 
redirecting federal education funds to arm school teachers is a gross misuse of this money and will endanger the sa…  big announcement coming today from  – a coalition of nearly  organizations that back our plan to… 
see here for the full list of ’s #cultureofcorruption. 
and the republican-controlled congress let’s trump and his cronies off the hook.
cabinet officials make unethical stock trades.  cabinet officials take junkets. trump’s team enjoys interior decorating.
friendly businesses also get special treatment.  family, friends and donors get perks.  trump’s orbit receives cash.
the presidency has become a branding opportunity.  taxpayers are subsidizing the trumps.  trump inc. gets special protection.
trump inc. is expanding overseas.  kushner inc. is wooing foreign investment.
foreigners are paying the trumps.  americans are paying the trumps.
over the last two years, president  – and his republican allies in congress – have put their person… 
we must find the best in our selves and our communities and use that power to overwhelm bigotry and intolerance whe… 
we must resist becoming numb to these tragedies and to the hate-filled rhetoric that has gained so much traction in our national discourse.
we thank local law enforcement officers who responded swiftly and courageously to the scene.
i am deeply saddened by the horrific anti-semitic attack that took place in pittsburgh this morning. my heartfelt c… 
great news for prince george's county and for maryland! our great state is leading a nationwide effort to fight big… 
check out ’s excellent interview with  on why we need to clean up the #cultureofcorruption in trump’… 
add  to the long list of trump administration officials who have wasted and abused taxpayer dollars… 
“we will strengthen ethics laws to remove the corrosive influence of lobbyists and special interests from congress,… 
icymi, if democrats take back the house ➡️ “on day one, we will take steps to end the culture of corruption in wash… 
 : whether it’s the supreme court or the halls of congress, the american people deserve to know their government is working #…
joseph tydings set a remarkable example of public service on behalf of maryland and our nation. his strong, progres… 
a year ago today,  announced that he would reverse the #cleanpowerplan. trump continues to put the… 
 : new: weekly news round up for september ,  ➡️  
 : .: before the affordable care act, the most powerful stories we heard were from people who couldn't get co…
the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire do… 
the trump administration’s family separation policy – and the way it handles child migrants – continues to get wors… 
time for some good news. this is a significant step forward in our case. president  continues to vi… 
a few words about the senate judiciary committee's deeply flawed deliberations over judge brett kavanaugh’s nominat… 
we have to clean up this broken political system, where the wealthiest americans cash in at the expense of everyone… 
why is  bending over backward – again – for its wealthy donors, rather than helping middle-class americans… 
the #goptaxscam . is an insult to hardworking americans trying to make ends meet – especially as paychecks stay f… 
the first #goptaxscam – $. trillion in tax cuts, mostly for republicans’ wealthy donors – apparently wasn’t enoug… 
 : “the right to vote is the bedrock of american democracy” says  - we must defend it #restorethevote https://…
i believe dr. ford and thank her for her courageous testimony. #believewomen
 : . are fighting for the issues that matter to everyday americans by pushing back against the corrupt trump…
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday. get registered. go vote. make your voice heard. #beavoter learn more here:… 
this kind of secret, special-interest policymaking needs to stop. we must clean up corruption in washington and ret… 
big pharma is at it again. this latest attempt to hijack a bill that will help americans suffering from opioid addi… 
during this difficult time, my heart goes out to all of the maryland communities who’ve faced similar kinds of senseless violence.
our hearts never fully heal from this kind of violence, and for the annapolis community, the great mills high schoo… 
my thoughts are with everyone in harford county – especially the victims and their families. all reports indicate t… 
hey, . hate to break it to you, but you have it backward. government should work #forthepeople, not… 
 : read this  post on my speech focused on returning to a government of, by, &amp; #forthepeople. if entrusted with the hous…
it’s time to end the #cultureofcorruption in ’s washington and return to government of, by and… 
 : "we have a responsibility to the people – to our constituents, to this  country – to build a congress that serves the peopl…
in other #cultureofcorruption news, remember ? he’s planning to cash in on his tumultuous tenure at t… 
. continues to use the presidency to enrich himself and put his interests – not the public’s intere… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. htt…
 : my good friend  has been a leader in the effort to ensure that the practice of american government lines up with…
happening soon: democrats have a bold new plan to clean up the chaos and corruption in ’s washingto… 
on national voting rights month, let’s recommit ourselves to making it easier – not harder – to #vote. we have a pl… 
 : thank you  for joining us in celebrating the opening of annapolis solar park! 
 : talked to  about this last week:   “when you offer some of these other reforms to people, they’re like, ‘yeah,…
 : an interesting idea in house dems anti-corruption platform: public financing of campaigns. would be voluntary, and provide…
we’re not kidding around about cleaning up the #cultureofcorruption in republican-controlled washington. we have a… 
 : “we know that the opioid crisis continues to accelerate. we have to do something bold to address it.”  #reco…
 : on wednesday,  and  are joining the ecu action fund for an event in d.c. on government reform. rsvp…
a comprehensive digest of trump’s d.c. corruption. 👇 (warning: it will make your head spin.) 
president  was spot on today. we have a bold new plan – and a promise – to clean up the corruption in t… 
 : icymi:  sums up yesterday’s hearing with twitter ceo  in  seconds. 
shameful, cruel and coldhearted. this new trump administration effort to detain child migrants for even longer peri… 
today,  continued to cover up its culture of corruption by putting on a political charade. 
 : trump's move to end a scheduled fed pay increase is cynical and another attack on federal employees. i joined …
we have to strengthen ethics and lobbying rules to prevent this kind of behavior. here’s our plan to do just that. 👇 
meanwhile, in the republican-controlled senate, a lobbyist-turned-senator-turned-lobbyist-again heads back to the s… 
the revolving door continues to spin at trump’s interior department. 
two more tales that underscore the #cultureofcorruption in trump’s washington.
 : the #cultureofcorruption casts a long shadow.   
we have a plan – with real reforms – to actually clean up the corruption in trump’s washington and return to govern… 
president trump’s promise to “drain the swamp” was a total ruse 👉 . 
in congress, i will fight tirelessly to override this senseless policy.  full statement here 👉 
if the trump administration can afford a $. trillion tax cut for millionaires, billionaires and wealthy corporati… 
by effectively reducing federal pay, the president will hamper efforts to retain and attract talented and qualified… 
president trump’s latest assault on our nation’s civil servants is part of an ongoing and longstanding attack on th… 
and a more diverse candidate pool has an incredibly positive impact on our politics. it also improves the kinds of… 
these kind of fair election systems – elections of, by and for the people – also help more women and people of colo… 
by boosting small donations, we can reduce the corrosive influence of wealthy donors and greedy corporations.
government by the people works! 
 :  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, and out…
. should not use taxpayer dollars to put more guns in schools. #buybooksnotguns 
in ’s washington, predatory lenders get to nickel and dime hardworking students. 
a big win for our nation’s dedicated and hardworking civil servants. 
the #cultureofcorruption in the trump administration has seeped into nearly every federal agency – especially… 
deeply saddened by the passing of senator john mccain. his unshakable patriotism and unwavering commitment to our d… 
 . thankful for your support of our biosimilars bill – it’ll go a long way toward reduc… 
learn more about our positive reforms here: . #bythepeople
every revelation from the trump white house and the republican congress adds more color to the widespread… 
unsurprisingly, rep. hunter was the second member of congress to officially endorse trump’s presidency. who was the… 
this corruption rots from the trump white house down into the republican congress. case in point:  was i… 
the culture of corruption in ’s washington seems to affect everyone around him. 
we have a once-in-a-generation chance to clean up the republican #cultureofcorruption in washington – and we have a… 
in another act of fealty to dirty polluters, the trump  will boost industry profits by poisoning our air and th… 
republicans cut taxes – massively – for their wealthy and powerful donors. now, their donors are returning the favo… 
by all accounts, president trump puts his wealthy and well-connected friends first – at the expense of the men and… 
and it comes just days after we learned that president trump lets wealthy mar-a-lago members make life and death de… 
this is an outrageous assault on the men and women who defend our nation.
the trump administration will allow greedy financial lenders to prey on military members and their families. 
 : washington republicans had a chance to #draintheswamp, instead they helped  build a hotel on it! …
 : democrats are trying to tie the insider trading indictment of a republican congressman to a broader culture of corruption.…
while republicans enrich themselves and their special-interest donors, democrats are committed to #abetterdeal to c… 
more ways for  to profit off the presidency – thanks to the #goptaxscam. 
the fish () rots from the head (). this is just one more example of the republican culture of c… 
we also need to see the president’s tax returns to figure out who he’s indebted to – because it clearly isn’t our n… 
this is why the public needs to see the  visitor logs. it’s also why we need to see membership lists fro… 
veterans deserve a health care system that puts their interests first – not the financial interests of ’s friends.
being wealthy enough to pay mar-a-lago membership fees doesn’t qualify you to make life or death decisions for the… 
this kind of dirty pay-to-play politics is beneath the office of the presidency.
if you put lots of money (💰💰💰) directly into ‘s pockets, he’ll give you the keys to our government. 
 , please contact my office at () - to be removed from the list.
 , my apologies for running out of time before we could get to your question. if you’d like t… 
 , please contact my office at () - to be removed from the list.
not . the  administration will allow companies to bring asbestos – which causes lung cance… 
this 👇 
the trump administration’s continued efforts to put polluter profits ahead of our health and our environment will h… 
devastated by the news of last week’s wildfires in #greece. we must keep the victims, their families and the people… 
 : the president of the united states just called on his attorney general to put an end to an investigation in which the pr…
we're live! tune in for our discussion about how we can #fixdemocracynow and return to government of, by and for th… 
. plans to shower more money on his wealthy and well-connected buddies (and to his gop donors), whi… 
 : we'll be talking with  at  pm today about ways we can #fixdemocracynow and create a political system that work…
 : we'll be in conversation with  live on tuesday at pm et to discuss all the ways we can #fixdemocracynow. be su…
the  and  must fully investigate the alleged tax and campaign finance violations by  an… 
i’m fighting to defend protections for pre-existing conditions by joining a house resolution led by .… 
here’s the latest shameful attempt by  to put partisan politics ahead of our national security. 
 : earlier today on the morning briefing,  (d-md) came on to discuss what he's working on to decrease prescri…
 : the american people have had enough of this manufactured crisis and republicans’ continuing efforts to undermine specia…
a few words about the latest developments in this important court case: the district of columbia and the state of m… 
just introduced a new bill with  to clean up the pay-to-play politics and influence peddling in washing… 
 : rep. john sarbanes (d-md) discusses his role as chair of the democracy reform task force &amp; democrats' messaging heading into t…
 : “i saw the difficult job that the health workers behind us have every day to bring comfort and support to people in a diffi…
 : “our healthcare providers have difficult jobs and they are helping families every day. “ ⁦⁩ …
will always do right by the bay! 
.,  and  put chinese interests ahead of american national security. 
#cyprus is an eu member and a strategic partner of the u.s. that can stabilize the eastern mediterranean. to do tha… 
we will make it easier – not harder – to vote.
we will create citizen-owned elections.
we will get rid of citizens united and secret money in politics.
we will fight big money tooth and nail.
we will protect special counsel muller’s investigation.
we’re gonna get the president’s tax returns.
we’re gonna create transparency and accountability.
we’re gonna strengthen ethics.
we will clean up this government.
.: why won’t you defend our democracy? if you won’t defend it, we will. #confrontcorruption… 
the congressional candidate who requested and received damaging information on his or her political opponent from r… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
while president  and the white house flailed all day long on russia,  voted against… 
why doesn’t  want to protect our democracy from foreign interference?
why does  continue to ignore the looming threat to our country posed by russia and other foreign adversaries?
this comes just hours after president trump again denied – against the unanimous assessment of our intelligence com… 
this comes just two days after president  cozied up to an adversarial foreign dictator who personal… 
this comes six days after  director dan coats (a former republican senator and trump appointee), warned tha… 
this comes six days after the trump  indicted  russian intelligence agents for attacking our elect… 
today,  is trying to eliminate critical resources that help protect our election systems from cyberattack.  
 : gee, wonder why the  administration wants to put more secret money into our elections. 🤔 …
“secret money isn’t secret enough,” says the trump administration. 
could not have said it better myself. 
 : i am live with ,  and  discussing the actions we must take to strengthen our democracy an…
 : looking forward to today’s conversation with  about the cost of trump’s culture of corruption and dems’ #abett…
with only  days until the general election, we need to get to the bottom of this – fast. i am continuing to moni… 
today’s indictments are a big deal. they confirm russia’s organized and aggressive attack on our democracy. we must… 
🚨 🚨 🚨 “kavanaugh’s appellate court decisions and public comments suggest that he will accelerate the trend toward a… 
. members are literally cashing in on the #goptaxscam 💰
agreed. 
before he left office, scott pruitt took one last shot at polluting the air we breathe. 
yes, we do. 
my statement on 's resignation.   
the trump equation: wealthy donors + special interests + corporations &gt; the people. 
"the second vigil, organized by annapolis mayor gavin buckley, will begin at : pm at the annapolis city dock (do… 
"the first vigil, organized by the first presbyterian church of annapolis, will begin at : pm at the westfield a… 
“if anyone would like to come out and honor the victims of this tragedy, i encourage you to join us at a series of vigils this evening.
"anyone who may have valuable information about yesterday’s incident should contact the anne arundel county police… 
"i again encourage any individual or family member who needs help to call the anne arundel county crisis ‘community… 
"we honor the courage of the capital gazette staff who were determined to press on and publish the newspaper today.… 
“we also cannot ignore that those targeted were members of our cherished free press who work tirelessly to keep us… 
"the challenge is to find the political will to enact sensible and widely supported measures that will make our com… 
“it is inevitable that this terrible shooting will be pulled into the national debate over what we can do as a soci… 
“i also want to reiterate my deep appreciation for the swift, heroic efforts of our first responders and law enforc… 
"and for those who are grieving, we will do whatever we can to help ease the impact of this traumatic experience.
“as yesterday’s events continue to ripple through the annapolis community, i want to again express my deepest sorro… 
here's my latest statement regarding the shooting that took place at the capital gazette in annapolis:… 
“again, for those members of our community seeking information or in need of support, please call the anne arundel… 
"tonight, as the investigation continues, please remember today’s victims and their families.
“i’ve had the privilege of knowing many reporters at the capital gazette over the years. i deeply admire their prof… 
“today’s violent events at the capital gazette are heart wrenching. as we work to process this tragedy, we should p… 
an updated statement on the shooting at  in annapolis.  
more information can be found here: .
annapolis is a very tight knit community, and a tragedy like this shakes us to our core. for individuals or familie… 
right now our highest priority needs to be making sure the families of the victims have the information and support… 
i am in contact with the federal agencies responding to the scene. my office has established lines of communication… 
our first responders took courageous action today and are managing the ongoing situation with the utmost care and p… 
i am deeply saddened by reports of a shooting at . my thoughts are with the paper’s staff and their fami… 
proud to join more than  house democrats in introducing the by the people resolution -- a bold push for democrac… 
profiting off the presidency. 
just introduced the disclose act alongside  and . this bill will shine a light on secret… 
honored to join today’s #restorethevote panel with . the first step toward strengthening our democra… 
. have a plan to return to government of, by and for the people: .… 
way to go, baltimore! one step closer to joining the vanguard of cities, counties and states around the country who… 
lobbyists and wealthy special interests are cashing in thanks to the trump administration. case in point:… 
to strengthen our democracy, we must expand access to the ballot box – for all americans. on the anniversary of she… 
this 👇 #familiesbelongtogether 
 : see here ➡️ . #keepfamiliestogether  : on behalf of #mn, it is my honor to introduce the small town and regional vitality investment act. this critical legislat…
the pope is right. health is a right, not a privilege. from increasing access to lowering costs, we have a lot of w… 
earl bakken was a true giant of medical technology whose work improved the health and lives of so many. my heart go… 
if the blue water navy vietnam veterans act is not signed into law before the end of this year, then our bipartisan… 
this bipartisan bill would grant nearly , veterans who served off the coast of vietnam &amp; who suffer from illne… 
this week, i led  members of congress in sending a letter to senator isakson, chairman of the senate veterans aff… 
our deepest condolences go out to the family of john hoffmann and we continue to pray for the health of kaleb fisch… 
when our country faces epidemics of veteran suicide and homelessness, the last thing we should do is take away $… 
both parties are responsible for getting our fiscal house in order but the gop’s push to cut medicare and social se… 
today, i introduced the reserve component employer incentive, compensation, and relief act of  alongside… 
it was a pleasure to see my good friend red arndt at the governor’s pheasant opener over the weekend in luverne. th… 
congratulations to #mn’s own maple river east elementary school in minnesota lake for being recognized as a … 
great to attend another minnesota governor’s pheasant opener. missed  today in luverne. wishing him a… 
gonna be a spamtastic mn governor’s hunting opener in austin next year! 
relieved to hear nasa astronaut nick hague is in good condition. 
attacks on the press anywhere are attacks on the press everywhere. the apparent murder of jamal khashoggi constitut… 
minnesota’s farmers feed, fuel and clothe the world. today, we thank you for everything you do. i’ll keep advocatin… 
great work by  for holding the trump admin accountable for unlawfully withholding documents that could… 
we have a lot of hard work ahead of us but when it comes to turning the tide on the veteran suicide epidemic, we mu… 
congress also needs to build upon the clay hunt sav act, a law i wrote to increase vets’ access to mental health ca… 
i introduced the va medicinal cannabis research act to authorize va research into the efficacy of medicinal cannabi… 
while no one solution will be enough, there are a number of steps we must take to move the ball forward in the figh… 
#worldmentalhealthday is a day to rededicate ourselves to caring for our own mental health and the mental health of… 
#worldmentalhealthday is a day to tear down the stigmas tied to mental illness and open our hearts and minds to our… 
va’s refusal to cooperate with this inquiry is absolutely unacceptable. this issue has reeked of cronyism and corru… 
thank you for your leadership and advocacy, . in telling justin’s story, you and your family are helping m… 
. understands the importance investing in our small town minnesota communities. on behalf of the people o… 
 : hearing on veterans suicide was too important to be overlooked, edit board says. a tragic death in minneapolis should spu…
 : today’s  editorial calls for greater study, access to medical marijuana for veterans.  htt…
we stand with you, . ptsd and depression can affect anyone. there’s no shame in seeking the help you ne… 
one veteran lost to suicide is one too many. we still have a lot of work ahead of us and many questions to answer,… 
 : the house va committee is convening a hearing on veteran suicide prevention today at : a.m. ct. as ranking member of …
the house va committee is convening a hearing on veteran suicide prevention today at : a.m. ct. as ranking membe… 
honored to receive  fueling growth award from . i’ll keep fighting for a strong rfs and made-in-mi… 
#houseag committee roundtable on trade this morning in dc. very disappointed that this administration doesn’t seem… 
i’m honored to receive a th golden triangle. it’s a privilege to continue advocating on behalf of minnesota’s fam… 
toured the devastating storm damage in morristown today with fire chief troy dahle and local leaders. the interagen… 
the severe damage from storms last night in #mn cities like waterville is no match for the strength, unity and re… 
thank you to law enforcement, first responders, utility workers, and all those in southern minnesota helping out ou… 
continuing to monitor reports following the severe storms tonight in southern minnesota. my office is ready to assi… 
the #farmbill’s working lands #conservation programs (csp &amp; eqip) provide farmers &amp; ranchers with the tools they ne… 
 : my staff is back on the road to discuss my small town and regional vitality investment act at roundtables in all  #mn c…
in nicollet county, we heard from the city of nicollet mayor fred froehlich about how our small town and regional v… 
last stop last week was our nicollet county roundtable in nicollet. #mn 
in watonwan county, madelia public schools superintendent tom ames said our small town and regional vitality invest… 
praying for the health of my friend . glad to hear he is in good spirits and cracking jokes. i’ll be th… 
my team went on to stop in madelia for our watonwan county roundtable. #mn 
in freeborn county, katie expressed how important it is for students to have access to reliable, high-speed interne… 
on thursday, my staff continued their trek across #mn at our freeborn county roundtable in hayward. 
kiester mayor trytten also talked about how our small town and regional vitality investment act would help the city… 
in faribault county, my team heard from mayor douglas trytten of the city of kiester about how our small town and r… 
my team ended yesterday in blue earth for a faribault county roundtable. #mn 
in martin county, fairmont mayor debbie foster said our small town and regional vitality investment act would empow… 
following their stop in jackson county, my team held a martin county roundtable in fairmont. #mn 
after nobles county, my staff traveled to the city of jackson for a jackson county roundtable. 
in nobles county, jason brisson, director of community development, planning, zoning and building services for the… 
yesterday, my team started off the day discussing the small town and regional vitality investment act at our nobles… 
as #hurricaneflorence approaches, it is important for everyone in the storm's path to be prepared, listen to state… 
we should be taking concrete, commonsense actions to slow and mitigate climate change. this takes us in the opposit… 
at our rock county roundtable yesterday in luverne, my team had a good conversation with local leaders about how my… 
in cottonwood county, mountain lake mayor mike nelson said that our small town and regional vitality investment act… 
next stop: cottonwood county roundtable in mountain lake! #mn 
 also voiced that if my small town and regional vitality investment act were to become law, he'd like to see… 
in springfield, my team heard from derek tonn () about how brown county’s high quality of life and low cost… 
first stop: brown county roundtable in springfield! #mn 
my staff is back on the road to discuss my small town and regional vitality investment act at roundtables in all … 
 years since the attacks on /, we remember those who lost their lives, pay tribute to the first responders who… 
president trump is fighting to block the extension of benefits for &gt;, #bluewaternavy veterans. these #veterans… 
congratulations to brett reistad for being elected national commander of the . i look forward to wor… 
it was a privilege to help  assemble care packages for our military spouses today. thank you for all you do… 
 : .: "when farmers plant cover crops it sequesters carbon and mitigates #climatechange. when farmers improve soi…
a #farmbill that is in the best interests of both our farmers and the most vulnerable among us is not out of our re… 
 : when farmers create new wildlife habitat, plant cover crops, and improve soil health it benefits everyone-  thank yo…
no #farmbill is perfect, but if we reject radical ideology and embrace bipartisanship, i am optimistic we can pass… 
 : "working lands conservation is critical...when farmers plant cover crops it sequesters carbon and mitigates climate change. whe…
it is an honor to advocate for minnesota’s farmers on the  #farmbill conference committee. 
i love this country, and serving our brave men and women in uniform is one of the greatest honors and responsibilit… 
it is with great humility that i accept the  patriotism award. it will serve as a reminder of the patrioti… 
labor day is more than a day off, it is about honoring the millions of americans who are the backbone of our econom… 
senator john mccain embodied what americans ought to expect from our leaders: decency, civility, and respect. we ar… 
our strength as americans lies in our unity. together, we stand strong. divided, we fall. senator mccain didn't jus… 
senator mccain understood that we are first and foremost americans. during his memorial service today, that sentime… 
while alone in the capitol early this morning, i had the privilege to give one final salute to a close friend &amp; men… 
so  has no problem handing out tax cuts to billionaires and campaign donors but can’t fairly compen… 
in proud partnership with the , i will continue to do everything i can to advocate on behalf of our… 
truly humbling to unveil #americanlegion coins alongside national commander denise rohan. we couldn’t have passe… 
i am grateful to have had the honor of addressing the  today at their th national convention. whi… 
this is devastating. the trump administration’s continued efforts to downplay this tragedy are inexcusable — especi… 
sent letter w/ rep. ,  &amp; + others calling on sec.  to make clear that el… 
congratulations to my staff members tim bertocci and shawn schloesser on earning the   patrick henry… 
 : . have long sounded the alarm on the va mission act’s lack of a sustainable funding source. i remain deeply…
now is a time for the nation to honor the great sacrifices and service of . this is no way for our co… 
 : as it stands, current budget caps won’t allow for the level of spending the va mission act calls for ($b) without deep cu…
 : congress has until the end of fy to find a solution to the va mission act funding shortage. regrettably, multiple propo…
 : we can both ensure vets have access to high quality and timely healthcare and defend against cuts and privatization of va.…
we can both ensure vets have access to high quality and timely healthcare and defend against cuts and privatization… 
congress has until the end of fy to find a solution to the va mission act funding shortage. regrettably, multip… 
as it stands, current budget caps won’t allow for the level of spending the va mission act calls for ($b) without… 
. have long sounded the alarm on the va mission act’s lack of a sustainable funding source. i remain… 
it is an honor to have been able to call senator mccain my colleague. i am even more proud to have been able to cal… 
all the days of his life, senator john mccain fought for — and represented — the values we hold dear as americans.… 
deeply saddened by this news today. gwen and i are praying for  and his entire family during this ver… 
our communities deserve a government that invests in main street, not wall street. that’s why i introduced the smal… 
under the republican tax law signed by president trump, the big banks of wall street now enjoy record profits while… 
michael cohen &amp; paul manafort are guilty &amp; the president himself is an unindicted co-conspirator to a federal crime… 
i believe it’s possible to provide affordable and reliable energy to americans across the country while preserving… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
trump's #militaryparade was never going to be about honoring veterans, only feeding his ego. and now that he can’t… 
still the stupidest thing i’ve ever heard: 
as the commander who oversaw the navy seal raid that killed osama bin laden, admiral mcraven is a patriot, servant… 
proud to help lead the charge against trump admin’s proposed rule threatening   homecare workers’ abili… 
 : if these revelations prove true, then va is being secretly run from the shadows of mar-a-lago by men with no accountability…
 : that's why i am requesting  hand over all communications between va officials and the three reported “shadow…
 : . was founded to serve and improve the lives of #veterans, never to serve as a vehicle for trump’s mar-a-lag…
 : . is investigating the influence  mar-a-lago members have over the va. follows a  report that fou…
in , justice ruth bader ginsburg became the second woman to serve on the nation’s highest court. thank you for… 
 : rep. tim walz, d-minn., described the situation as an “unprecedented, disturbing, and profoundly unacceptable betrayal…
 : democratic lawmakers said they will investigate how three outsiders have been shaping policy and personnel at the …
 : new: dems are calling for an investigation into how  mar-a-lago buddies have been shaping policy and personnel at the va.…
these reports are deeply concerning and i continue to monitor the situation. 
. was founded to serve and improve the lives of #veterans, never to serve as a vehicle for trump’s m… 
that's why i am requesting  hand over all communications between va officials and the three reported… 
if these revelations prove true, then va is being secretly run from the shadows of mar-a-lago by men with no accoun… 
members of congress who use their position for their own profit erode faith and trust in our democracy. that’s why… 
today and everyday, we honor american servicemembers who have been wounded or killed in the line of duty. we will b… 
 : the small town and regional vitality investment act will help address the critical challenges leaders in small towns are fa…
the small town and regional vitality investment act will help address the critical challenges leaders in small town… 
 : i’m proud to have introduced the veteran empowerment and training to facilitate agricultural revitalization and mobilizatio…
 : it has long been one of my top priorities to ensure that our veterans are finding careers that utilize their skills, suppor…
it has long been one of my top priorities to ensure that our veterans are finding careers that utilize their skills… 
thank you to  and all the athletes who have stood up and shown our nation’s kids what real leadership loo… 
 : veterans and service members departing active service are an under-tapped population when it comes to feeding, fueling and…
veterans and service members departing active service are an under-tapped population when it comes to feeding, fuel… 
 : the other good news is that countless rural mn communities hold immense promise for growth and development. it’s long past…
the other good news is that countless rural mn communities hold immense promise for growth and development. it’s lo… 
by ensuring that all veterans are eligible for support from the u.s. department of agriculture and enabling communi… 
 : from pristine outdoor recreation destinations to landmarks rich with art and cultural history, small towns across minnesota…
from pristine outdoor recreation destinations to landmarks rich with art and cultural history, small towns across m… 
the  proposal to roll back fuel efficiency standards not only puts our country in reverse in the fight to mitig… 
as the average age of the american farmer stands at  years old, us agriculture is in dire need of a new generatio… 
“walz introduces bill to help small towns secure funding” 
i’m proud to have introduced the veteran empowerment and training to facilitate agricultural revitalization and mob… 
honored to stand with local leaders from small towns across southern minnesota — the real authors of the small town… 
“us rep. tim walz discusses [small town and regional vitality investment act]” 
proud of the collaboration between my district and dc staff that helped secure education and other benefits for mn… 
small town and regional vitality investment bill aims to better rural regions 
after the devastating  fire, madelia’s citizens, business leaders and public officials responded in force toget… 
as small towns across the nation face barriers to addressing critical challenges in child care, infrastructure, edu… 
not only does this va hotline not go to the white house (as promised), but in many cases veterans calls are being f… 
the small town and regional vitality investment act will help draw folks who pursued education and economic opportu… 
not a threat, ? i think i’ll believe our brave intelligence professionals, not someone with no mili… 
 : learn more about my work in congress to protect seniors: 
learn more about my work in congress to protect seniors: 
 years ago today, #medicare &amp; #medicaid were signed into law to ensure more americans had access to affordable, q… 
 : a veterans affairs department survey suggests that nearly a million veterans may be using medical marijuana anyway. but do…
 : due to the trump administration’s failure to address concerns we raised in  about the potential disruption of health co…
 : #resilience requires #vision, #planning, #collaboration &amp; #grit.  learn how the small town of #madelia, mn has recovered follo…
 : the department of veterans affairs has largely said no to medical marijuana. nearly a million veterans may be using it anyway.…
 : “you may be a big advocate of medical marijuana, you may feel it has no value,”  said. “either way, you should want t…
 : by investing in our shared public goods, such as human capital, public infrastructure, community amenities, and early child…
by investing in our shared public goods, such as human capital, public infrastructure, community amenities, and ear… 
accountability &amp; transparency matter, that’s why it’s beyond unacceptable for an acting  secretary t… 
the small town and regional vitality investment act will empower our local elected officials to overcome major barr… 
witch hunt? look no further than president trump and his loyalists who continue to go after dedicated career public… 
it was also abundantly clear in conversations at community roundtables and regional vitality summits that in order… 
couldn’t be more thankful for this unanimous vote of confidence from the austin city council for the small town and… 
township chairs, mayors, county commissioners and labor leaders know their communities best, and all along our list… 
veterans and their families deserve a va secretary who will lead the department with integrity, stand up against va… 
the small town and regional vitality investment act is the direct result of my southern mn way of life listening to… 
while i had the privilege of introducing the small town and regional vitality investment act in the us house, let m… 
on behalf of #mn, it is my honor to introduce the small town and regional vitality investment act. this critical… 
 : the austin city council voted unanimously for a resolution in support of the small town and regional vitality... https://…
“minnesota reps walz and peterson introduce bill to delay medicare plan transition” via  
glad this is happening for the people of waseca and the surrounding communities. waseca has forward-thinking leader… 
“our view: small towns: walz plan could bring rural renaissance” editorial via  
. via : “tim walz's swan song aims to boost rural vitality” 
right decision to grant our request to extend temporary protected status for somali immigrants who have played by t… 
dictators like putin who attack our democracy are our enemy, not the free press. the fact that  is… 
“walz's swan song aims to boost rural vitality” via  
 : thanks  for introducing the small town and regional vitality investment act, which is designed to empower lo…
 : "when someone attacks this nation and our democracy we stand together as one against it. that has happened and it's vladimir puti…
 : with 's support, we’ll be publishing “case studies in congressional oversight.” here’s our first report o…
 : to my republican colleagues in congress who remain silent, i implore you to put country first at this pivotal moment in our…
 : no enemy — foreign or domestic — attacks our nation and gets away with it. no one.
 : congressmen  and   share their plan to delay medicare changes 
no enemy — foreign or domestic — attacks our nation and gets away with it. no one.
our servicemembers continue to put their lives on the line for our freedom overseas. they need a commander-in-chief… 
to my republican colleagues in congress who remain silent, i implore you to put country first at this pivotal momen… 
 : reporter's notebook: walz wants to give seniors more time on medicare 
our press is a protector of the people and a defender of our democracy.   claiming the free press is the enemy of t… 
i’m proud to have participated in several training missions and a european deployment with our nato allies. they ar… 
 : all our veterans bravely answered the call to serve our nation and they have earned their full benefits. i urge house l…
 : the veterans' affairs committee passed our bill to give full job training and education counseling benefits to guardsme…
active and retired union members deserve retirement security for their families. congress must act to help the mill… 
that’s why i immediately called on acting secretary o’rourke to comply with  investigation after he m… 
as inspectors general turn , we reflect on the important role they play in holding our government accountable to… 
early morning jaunt with  and #usarmy soldiers is always a great way to start the day! 
as  undertakes the largest electronic health record overhaul in our nation's history, i know… 
i want to congratulate  on being elected ranking member of the new subcommittee on it modernization at… 
to learn more about the #protectmedicare for seniors act of  that rep. collin peterson and i introduced today,…  ., you took an oath to defend the constitution, including the th amendment. ending… 
damage done. 👏👏👏 #gosox #worldserieschampions 
my heart goes out to the families affected, and to the brave first responders who risked their lives to protect others.
what happened at the tree of life synagogue is tragic in lives lost and people injured, and inexcusable in the cond… 
by eliminating two arbitrary barriers, this bill will help disabled  seniors remain in the workforce and ensure tha… 
 : . praised president trump for signing opioid legislation, but said much more remains to be done …
lots of excitement in red sox nation! three wins away from our fourth world series championship in  years. go sox… 
i am grateful to the u.s. secret service, law enforcement officials, first responders, and postal officials who int… 
these incidents are deeply troubling and serve as a reminder to all of us to conduct our political discourse civill… 
they are our friends, families and neighbors. and they want nothing more than to live their lives and contribute to… 
., back off your brazen attack on transgender americans. rather than taking away their rights, you… 
, back off your brazen attacks on transgender americans. rather than taking away their rights, you… 
 : my colleagues and i wrote to the ceos of   corps &amp; demanded an explanation for the soaring cost of rx drugs. all…
and now we learn that the saudis were, at a minimum, complicit in the murder of a journalist who was critical of th… 
for too long the united states has blindly supported a saudi government engaged in a horrific campaign against the… 
the natural beauty of vermont is spectacular, especially this time of year. check out these breathtaking photos for… 
they serve as a stark reminder for all of us of the human impact of this public health crisis. my heart goes out to… 
heith lashway and matthew smith from white river junction. those portraits are on display now in the rotunda of the… 
after losing a daughter to an accidental overdose in october , anne marie zanfagna painted a portrait to memori… 
this is completely dishonest and comes at the heels of repeated attempts to roll back and sabotage healthcare prote… 
climate change is the challenge of our time. we need to address it urgently and decisively, not bury our heads in t… 
congrats to smugglers' notch distillery on the expansion of this successful, community-driven vermont business! 
on  vermont continues to lead the nation on energy efficiency #vtpoli 
i was proud to advocate for a level playing field for this outstanding company, which will create more good-paying… 
companies like  create jobs that help us build and sustain our rural way of life. for years, the company an… 
 : colors are starting to pop at lake carmi state park. thanks to gina leclair for the awesome photos! #vt #vermont #worldsb…
 : in a new letter -- led by    --  representatives call trump's cuts to palestin…
this is heartless, inhumane, and un-american. 
dr. ford is courageous, credible, and authentic. i believe her. judge kavanaugh’s testimony revealed that he does n… 
congrats ! great food at an energy efficient and environmentally responsible store. 
great to see vermont educators receive the credit they deserve. excellent public school system, always striving to… 
this is despicable. if the president and judge kavanaugh refuse to ask for an fbi investigation of these serious an… 
blasphemy! , i invite you to vermont to show you the errors of your palate! #vermontpure #vtpoli… 
 : so excited speak with rep.  tuesday about his vote today on a $ billion increase for cancer research funding and…
 : leahy, sanders and welch: usda makes $. million investment in winooski main street revitalization:   …
young vermonters are rightly demanding action and frustrated with leaders who have buried their heads in the sands… 
i was inspired to hear the passion of our next generation of leaders at yesterday’s  rally for climate a… 
 : 🍁🍦sweet! great news for #vt sugarmakers.  has received important resources from  to promote &amp; market ma…
yesterday, i met with an extraordinary group of  students for a congress on your campus event. we discu… 
if  took off his blinders even for a moment, he would see that eligible refugees have been thorough… 
slashing the number of refugees admitted to the united states is shameful, unnecessary, and unjustified.  america h… 
it was amateur hour this afternoon at farmhouse pottery. i’m in awe of the beautiful pieces i saw today. a treasure… 
this photo captures the spirit of the tunbridge world's fair. always an excellent event, where entertainment and ed… 
peter's statement on the allegations regarding judge brett kavanaugh #vtpoli 
today, a key house committee approved my legislation to empower attorneys general to crack down on fraudulent provi… 
medicaid provides vital health care services to vermonters, including many seniors. 
yesterday i participated in an inspirational naturalization ceremony at the vt state house for  new american citi… 
but as that unfathomable act of terror exposed the dark side of human nature, the response by americans that day an… 
september ,  was a defining moment in the life of every american. the immediacy of the violence, the scale of… 
 : you might have noticed that sunrise was particularly pink yesterday morning. gina leclair captured it perfectly at lake c…
vermont is once again leading the nation—this time on senior health care. the support and services at home (sash) p… 
if confirmed, judge kavanaugh will cement a right-wing supreme court that will rubber stamp president trump’s destr… 
it is more important now than ever that the supreme court fulfill its constitutional role as an independent check o… 
best of luck to all vermont students, teachers and faculty members heading back to school this week. have a great s… 
. defined public service, honor, and love of country. what an extraordinary career he had. what a los… 
this dangerous proposal will increase air pollution, undermine our transition to a greener economy, and set back ef… 
his decision to gut the clean power plan and replace it with a plan favoring polluters is yet another example of hi… 
today, president trump doubled down on his effort to dismantle the laws that protect the air we breathe and the wat… 
an internship in peter’s vermont or washington, d.c. offices is a great way to gain valuable experience and college… 
good food, good people, good vibes in the queen city. hard to top burlington, or anywhere in vermont for that matte… 
 : law line of vermont is one of  recipients of this year's #probono innovation fund grants. read congratulations on the awar…
no kidding, vermont ingenuity is the g.o.a.t.! three cheers to ruth, bader, and ginsburg for keeping our capital ci… 
happy national #farmersmarketweek to the hardworking vermonters who run and supply close to  farmers markets acro… 
right down the middle. great night celebrating vermont maple at the  ballpark with  , p… 
peter's statement on the trump administration's proposal to gut longstanding federal policy that reduces vehicle em… 
as vermont’s cheesemakers know, it takes hard work, constant innovation, and dogged persistence to produce award-wi… 
quite the feat... congrats to newly-minted master angler drew price! 
president trump should act immediately to stop this dumb, dangerous and irresponsible decision. if he fails to do s… 
it is imperative that congress enact commonsense reforms that keep guns out of the hands of those who shouldn’t hav… 
 : it's july st...can you #getoutside and celebrate the last day of #nationalpicnicmonth? take some inspiration from th…
congrats to the wayside restaurant on an impressive milestone.  years of exceptional and affordable home-style f… 
 : congressman peter welch visited rutland regional today. he lunched with president and ceo claudio fort, toured our new…
the clock continues to run on this seventeen-year endless war while congressional leaders look the other way, refus… 
last september, i requested a review of improper spending in afghanistan. 's answer: $. billion in waste… 
 : thank you to congressman  for your work in support of telehealth &amp; the fcc's efforts on this front.  telehea…
 : and , despite  interrupting him, nails it: simply removing all safeguards and rules protecting broadba…
 : big thanks to , ,  and  for cosponsoring the "restore our parks…
prescription drug prices are out of control. congress knows it, the trump administration knows it, and the public k… 
 : unless we address the price gauging, access to prescription drugs is going to be out of reach - rep.   watch live:…
 : vermont, you never cease to amaze us. 
no ocean? no problem when you have access to vermont’s “great lake” 
reproductive rights are under assault. women’s health care funding is in jeopardy. a #scotus nominee threatens to r… 
. and r leaders are methodically trying to undermine women’s health and reproductive rights. this m… 
earlier this week, the house approved my bipartisan amendment to nearly double funding for restoration of lake cham… 
 : so far we've had a beautiful summer here in #vermont. this pic from ranger agnes at sand bar state park #vt #getoutside #…
finally, a small step in the right direction. so much more can be done to cut the price of prescription drugs. the… 
this morning i joined  house colleagues in announcing the formation of the congressional medicare for all caucus.… 
have a question for me? i’m at my desk, on facebook and ready to answer your questions live!  
during a house debate today on climate change, peter forcefully called out republican leaders for ignoring or denyi… 
🤔 
have a question for peter? join him on facebook for a q&amp;a session today at : pm. post your questions then and he… 
my legislation calls on the president to comply with the constitution, which prohibits him from receiving gifts and… 
the american people should have every confidence that decisions made by  are in the best interest o… 
good news could be on the horizon for vermont’s struggling dairy farmers who contribute over $ billion to the stat… 
since almonds don’t lactate, almond ‘milk’ should not be called milk. common sense, right? i’ve introduced legislat… 
. pledged to bring relief to consumers hit with skyrocketing drug prices. instead of the bold action he promi… 
congratulations to aires-hill farm: vermont dairy farm of the year! karie atherton, orlyn thompson, and bernie thom… 
peter's statement on 's press conference with vladimir putin in helsinki. #vtpoli 
no surprise here. our green mountain state ranks as the best place to live in the country! thanks to all the vermon… 
catch peter live on 's  today at noon! you can listen in and ask him a question by following… 
government sanctioned child abuse.  
 : the #dcenergyexpo closes out with rep.  - “clean energy is a bright spot where democrats and republicans ca…
when i visited the border in texas, i met distraught mothers who were sobbing because they didn’t know where their… 
peter's statement on president trump's nomination of judge brett kavanaugh to the united states supreme court:… 
 : appreciative of having the opportunity to exchange views and brainstorm possible solutions to the opioid crisis with with…
our military needs them. our country needs them. the pentagon should follow through on our commitment to them and allow them to serve.
these soldiers are willing to risk their lives to serve and protect the united states. and the thanks they get from… 
it’s about time. pruitt’s tenure has been an abomination. his legacy will be one of arrogance, misuse of taxpayer f… 
happy fourth of july! i hope all vermonters take time today to celebrate with barbecues, hikes, fireworks and quali… 
 : excessive heat continues to grip vermont. here's how to stay safe ➡️  #vermont #vt …
 : technology is an integral part of students’ learning in the st century. i'm proud to introduce legislation with …
had a great chat over lunch with . they are an impressive group of motivated young leaders and innovators do… 
congrats to aidan bundock of , this year’s vermont winner of the annual high school congressional art competi… 
justice kennedy’s retirement could cement a right wing court for a generation. all of us who care about civil right… 
 : rep.  visited a border patrol “processing facility” in texas holding hundreds of children. here is what he saw.…
congrats to leicester native and former brandon inn employee adam young on being named best baker in america by… 
#scotus ruling today is a step backwards. it goes against the very principles upon which our nation was founded. a… 
the  killed #netneutrality. it's up to congress now to #savetheinternet. this is not a red or blue state issue.… 
 : “this bill is a far cry from what we need,” says rep. . “we need a marshall plan response on opioids.” https://t.c…
new rankings from the american homebrewers association reaffirm what we vermonters have known for some time: our gr… 
 : watch: rep.  (d-vt) describes his experience at a detention center near the border: "whatever our problems are — an…
 : “this 'added sugar' proposal just was pretty wacky by the fda," said rep. . "and let’s hope that this decision that…
“more little ones,” she said in a telephone interview. “the little minis. i haven’t seen babies, per se. but yeah,… 
i’m about to go on  at :. you can tune in here: 
this says it all. 
this important decision gives vt's downtown businesses a fighting chance to succeed in a global economy. for too lo… 
peter's statement in response to president trump's apparent retreat on his policy of separating migrant children fr… 
. you’ve hit a new low in your use of denigrating, dehumanizing and coarse rhetoric. every person i… 
the president can end it with a stroke of his pen. call the white house and tell him to end it – --. if he won’t, congress must.
my visit to the southern border in texas yesterday was heart wrenching. i saw kids locked in chain link cages. i me… 
. you can’t be serious. i just arrived with  at casa padre in brownsville.  boys here… 
we just arrived here. it used to be a walmart in brownsville, tx. now it’s warehousing , boys. filled to capaci… 
she gave birth on the journey from guatemala to the border. but when she and her newborn daughter arrived, they were denied entry.
she had defaulted on a loan, and an assassin was planning to stake out her delivery and kill her when she left the hospital.
i met a woman named andrea who fled guatemala when she was  months pregnant.
i’m at the hidalgo port of entry, where migrants who are seeking asylum must present themselves. sometimes, they ar… 
this is disgraceful. #keepfamiliestogether
she hasn’t seen her daughter in two days and didn’t know where she was. no one had told her that her daughter had been taken to a shelter.
and i met a woman named reina who was being extorted in guatemala. she traveled  days with her  year old daught… 
i saw chain link cages full of unaccompanied children. they sat on metal benches and stared straight ahead silently
i just exited a border patrol “processing facility” known as the “icebox.” it is nothing short of a prison.
. could end this travesty with a stroke of a pen #keepfamiliestogether
just landed in mcallen, tx to travel to our southern border with . our goal: expose and end this cru… 
heading to us-tx border sunday with . the inhumane practice of separating migrant children from their p… 
godspeed to the brave men and women of the . you make us proud every day. come home safe. 
intro'd a resolution w/ , , ,  &amp;  designating thi… 
 of my house and senate colleagues signed my letter to the fda demanding they back off. if you agree, let the fda… 
as every vermonter knows, vermont maple syrup is nothing but pure, boiled down sap. astonishingly, the fda actually… 
there are no words. this goes against everything our country stands for. congress needs to step in. 
🚨 good news: the deadline for vermont dairy farmers to sign up for the new dairy margin protection program has been… 
an offensive, discriminatory assault on women’s health and reproductive rights. standing with  and all… 
joined my colleagues today to deliver a simple message: the trump administration’s policy of separating parents fro… 
derby line pharmacist roland roy says it best, “we depend on each other for trade, for security, for everything. yo… 
the president was wrong to personally attack prime minister trudeau. this wonderful story illustrates the special a… 
best foliage state in the union! 
 :  with vermont business leaders, speaking about the effects that the canadian tariffs could have on the #vt econo…
. do your job and bring this bill to a vote so that every american knows where their representative sta… 
. decision to gut  #netneutrality takes effect today. but the all-hands-on deck battle to #savetheinternet is o… 
 : u.s. congressman  addresses the members at the  pffv convention.  
 : ⁦⁩ says he’s hearing from many vermonters needing help on federal loan forgiveness programs. 
 : ‼️action ale‼️👇tomorrow, june , from -.  harvest ln, williston. #endfamilyseparation 
earlier this week, the house approved my bipartisan legislation to extend the north country trail into vermont and… 
i am disgusted by the trump administration’s inhumane policy of separating migrant mothers from their young childre… 
how it is that jared kushner and ivanka trump were just granted permanent top secret security clearances in spite o… 
no business should be allowed to discriminate against customers based on who they love. the supreme court ruling to… 
happy world milk day, vermont! i am thankful for the + vermont dairy farms that produce high quality dairy produ… 
this is outrageous. separating parents from their children is cruel, inhumane and un-american. i will do all that i… 
important deadline coming up for vermont dairy farmers to sign up for the new dairy margin protection program. crun… 
 : #vt rep.  demands epa release results of chemical study  
 : . wants to gag your doctor to control you and your health care. #nogagrule →  https://t.c…
it is critically important to improve and expand the stock of decent, safe and affordable housing in vermont. these… 
so it continues. after burying important research on the threats to public health posed by pfoa in water supply, ep… 
 :  chose this piece in the congressional art show 
 : we are honored to hear from  this morning at #organicweekdc - he says #organic is a bright spot in vermont, an…
 : welch wants epa to release pfoa health study  
today , peter shared the story of the magnan brothers dairy farm in east fairfield, and their use of… 
 : two remarkable female farmers, passing the torch to keep their farm going for a new generation. a beautiful story about lov…
congrats to  on becoming the first us coffee roaster to run completely on renewable energy! vermont… 
 : had a productive roundtable with congressman peter welch this past week. talking about the importance of outdoor recreatio…
congratulations to aidan bundock of cvu for winning the th annual congressional art competition! his brilliant wo… 
i will do all i can to block this offensive and discriminatory action. – peter #nogagrule  
in his latest assault on women’s health and reproductive rights,  is cutting critical funding for… 
does a soldier’s exposure to burn pits in iraq cause cancer &amp; other health problems? some vt army national guard so… 
i hope the house follows the senate’s lead in restoring #netneutrality so that all americans have open and unfetter… 
this afternoon, during house floor debate on a new farm bill, peter slammed proposed draconian cuts to the suppleme… 
epa should immediately make it available to the public and end its practice of choosing polluters over the public’s right to know.
last year, i visited with homeowners in bennington whose water was rendered undrinkable due to pfoa contamination.… 
i am outraged, but not surprised, that scott pruitt’s anti-science epa is suppressing research that would shed ligh… 
. got elected by rural america, and he demonstrated in the campaign a connection to their concerns… 
congress must focus on improving the affordable care act. we can build bipartisan consensus to stabilize the indivi… 
 : support pure #maplesyrup and let the fda know that new labeling laws would be completely misleading to consumers, not to m…
instead of trying to raise prices abroad, trump should legalize drug importation so that americans gain access to t… 
peter's statement in response to president trump's prescription drug plan: 
tomorrow, president trump will deliver a speech outlining his long-promised and long-awaited plan to cut the price… 
 : love this time of year -- open window season and all the trees are waking up! these pics from branbury state park. #vt #v…
speaker ryan, it's time you do your job and let us vote to #savetheinternet. our constituents have a right to know… 
peter's statement following trump's announcement that the united states is withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal: 
standing with  against this destructive change. outrageous. 
happy teacher appreciation week to all the dedicated educators in vermont and across the country! special thanks to… 
on thursday, i held a roundtable discussion in newport to hear from local leaders working day in and day out to sav…   : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
honored to be at  this morning to congratulate and celebrate pastor  on his th pastoral anniversa… 
as federal officials continue to work with local and state law enforcement in the wake of this week’s senseless kro… 
hate should have no home in america. nine years ago this week, the matthew shepard &amp; james byrd jr. hate crimes pre… 
thrilled to help break ground on ’s new russell neighborhood health center at th &amp; broadway. park duvalle… 
deeply saddened by today’s fatal shooting incident at the jtown kroger. details are still emerging, but gun violenc… 
it is truly frightening that  would endorse violence against a reporter by a member of congress. ev… 
happy th birthday to ’s great lawn!  wonderful celebration with a great group of  students a… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
thrilled to join , , and  at the baxter community center today to announce… 
had a blast meeting with members of  troop # working on their inside government patch at… 
. is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew… 
my statement on the passing of former senator dee huddleston: 
i never thought i’d be saying this, but i applaud the trump administration today. their plan to require drug price… 
 : as we conclude this year’s #hispanicheritagemonth, we reaffirm our efforts to expand opportunities and build an ever-br…
this kind of defense is both outrageous and dangerous. it is never acceptable for a man or woman to sexually harass… 
proud to be on hand for today’s event celebrating the  and  merger. this combination of res… 
honored to be a part of today’s celebration of the nd pastoral anniversary of  at  t… 
trump is the limbo president. how low can he go?
this is not just abnormal. it is un-american. 
proud of my friend  for his continued advocacy &amp; understanding that democracy isn't a spectator sport. gla… 
 : ranking member  and  ranking member  called on omb director mulvaney to adequatel…
beautiful morning at historic  today, discussing the extension of the lewis and clark trail. 
 : ‼️today at  pm is the deadline to #registertovote in ky ‼️  ➡️  
last night trump apologized for democracy. not surprising, considering he doesn’t believe in it. 
 : #registertovote, ky!   tomorrow oct. , pm local time, is the deadline to register at  #beavoter…
in what universe, when you say you believe a woman when she says she was assaulted, but you don’t think she remembe… 
i believe that the american people will refuse to stand for this and the republican party will very soon regret their betrayal. [/]
they gave a deeply unpopular and blatantly dishonest partisan a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the la… 
this will be remembered as a dark day in u.s. history. today, the republican senate majority told survivors of sexu… 
proud to see so many louisvillians at tonight’s kentuckians for single payer health care &amp;  event with… 
looking forward to being part of ’s inauguration today. #gocards 
when trump mocked dr. ford in mississippi tuesday, it was deplorable. and those people there who were laughing alon… 
this is what my office received today from the trump administration regarding his nafta deal. it is the only thing… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
thrilled to be a part of today’s  announcement. $m investment &amp;  jobs coming to appliance park… 
 : ranking member  on today’s tax cuts .: "when those bills come due, republicans will try to pay them b…
 : ranking member : the gop tax cut . "once again benefits the wealthiest americans and adds trillions o…
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
to judge kavanaugh’s defenders: this isn’t about a presumption of innocence, it’s about a presumption of truthfulne… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
a touching tribute and celebration of the life of tuskegee airman corporal frank weaver at first baptist church of… 
meet -year old emma, a local artist i met this summer who sells artwork to help her brother luke and others in the… 
great roundtable meeting at  today with a group of louisville small business owners who received microl… 
so glad i got to spend my morning speaking with the th and th grade classes of  today. one of the b… 
our future is in good hands. thanks for visiting! 
enjoyed participating in ’s black male achievement lunch &amp; learn event today with ,… 
great to speak with the students of mr. rawlins’ ap government &amp; politics class at  today. smart and th… 
proud to spend the day with some of our nation’s heroes &amp; incredible service organizations at the louisville va’s … 
sadly potus and his remarks are typically detached from reality. as the people of pr still struggle to rebuild almo… 
proud to receive a perfect score on ’s  democracy scorecard for my work to get big money out of pol… 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
 : ranking member ’s statement on the gop’s tax scam ., which will again benefit the wealthy at the expe…
let us never forget those lost  years ago today and remain forever thankful for all who protect our great nation. 
honored to receive the ’s  patronus award at  today. glad i get to work with so many of the a… 
thrilled to see so many louisvillians out participating in today’s #walkendalz at . i’ll continue to fight… 
looking forward to this year’s  angela project conference. 
heck with fantasy football. i’m starting a fantasy whistleblower league on the ny times op-ed writer. my first draf… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
if a tweet can be an impeachable offense, this is it. trump swore to preserve and protect the constitution. he is u… 
today we recognize the hardworking men and women who power our economy and have truly made our country great. i’ll… 
enjoyed visiting ’s louisville office and getting an up-close look at one of their projects along t… 
another important housing investment being made west of th street. great to be on hand for the groundbreaking of a… 
thrilled to have been on hand for the opening of  fifth campus at the new riverport landings develop… 
seems like  is confessing to + cases of dereliction of their duty. i think inquiring minds would want to… 
thanks for having me, ! 
grateful to reps. jenkins &amp; cantrell for inviting me to join tonight’s south louisville opioid task force meeting.… 
 i’ll be speaking at tonight’s south louisville opioid task force meeting. :pm at the lynnhurst… 
proud to join  of my fellow democrats in opposing any attempt by  or  to use federal funds… 
i join all of louisville in mourning the passing of this great man, and send my deepest condolences to his wife and children.
incredibly saddened by the passing of . he brought such joy to so many and i’m proud to have called him a… 
rest in peace john mccain. you served your country and your fellow citizens extraordinarily well. you will not be forgotten. thank you.
potus appears to be saying he thinks people should be prohibited from telling the truth to law enforcement. but, as… 
#eidmubarak to all muslims in louisville and beyond celebrating eid al-adha today. 
as classes resume, i find myself thinking back on a column i wrote  years ago today as my son prepared to leave f… 
it will compromise our environment and the health and wellbeing of future generations, which the epa’s own analysis… 
replacing the clean power plan with this irresponsible plan is a complete giveaway to large corporate polluters and… 
today, the trump administration took another dangerous step in its continued assault on clean air, clean water, and… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
what a surprise! when asked how to handle the deficits they just ballooned with the #goptaxscam's corporate giveawa… 
 : thanks to new  students - already living our core city values of education, health, and compassion - who'll be do…
#textbooktyranny 
today, i formally submitted comments to  &amp;  on ’s failed #kentuckyhealth waiver that wil… 
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
wishing , , and all louisville-area students and parents a successful start to the school year thi… 

my incredible mother, edna, passed away last night at . she had a brilliant, fiercely independent mind, and she w… 
i’ll continue to lead the fight to #protectsnap from dangerous cuts, including the reckless policies house republic… 
 :  years ago today, the voting rights act was signed into law by president johnson. i shed a little blood on that bridge…
the most “dangerous &amp; sick” thing happening now in the country is donald trump subverting the first amendment and t… 
great to see  back on the field. #cardforever
the american people deserve a thorough conversation on what a realistic #ma plan might look like and what each opt… 
there are countless ways to structure a medicare for all plan, but the latest koch-funded analysis of  p… 
i’m sure we will soon find out what has president trump so panicked, but he is clearly trying to interfere with an… 
exciting day in shawnee park as we cut the ribbon on a brand new bicycle pump track. thank you  and yout… 
 : icymi: in a few days, trump's  will let *anyone* with internet connection &amp; a d printer make their own untraceabl…
#textbooktyranny 
if the senate confirms this or any supreme court justice who will end roe v. wade, criminalize abortion, and abolis… 
 : americans should be able to count on congress to fight to lower costs for their families. instead,  &amp; house r…
 : your vote is your voice. #whenweallvote, we all do better. register and volunteer at . https://t.…
worst puppet show ever. 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
my statement on ’s remarks following his summit with russian president vladimir putin: 
proud to present an american flag flown over the  in honor of ’s  years on air at  and … 
looks like trump finally got his largest audience ever -- period. 
the people of kentucky deserve answers on how and why  cut dental and vision coverage for hundreds of… 
 please reach out to tobin in my louisville office at --.
 : . discusses immigration reform, supreme court  and mid-term elections   …
thrilled to help welcome home members of the kentucky air national guard’s rd airlift wing on this independence… 

i join the  &amp; all  fans in saying we’re sad to see coach byrd &amp; coach o’connor go, but we’re s… 
proud to be among the hundreds of louisvillians taking to the streets to make their voices heard today.… 
my statement on today’s ruling to block ’s   plan that would eliminate coverage for te… 
glad to join the middletown chamber of commerce for their monthly luncheon today. great conversation on health care… 
 : make no mistake: this year's #gopbudget is a part of their -step plan to give to the rich and make everyone else pay…
for trump, mcconnell, ryan and others, hypocrisy is not a problem, it’s a principle. it’s not a sin, it’s a strategy.
it was great meeting with you and your family, luke! thank you for the important work you’re doing. come visit me a… 
thrilled to welcome  grad emily aycock &amp; her father to dc to see her artwork hang in the  h… 
 : being born a woman shouldn’t be a “pre-existing condition.” but if republicans’ attacks on protections for millions of…
 : this week in washington, dc.  a great way to end the day of meetings with ky congressional delegation.  thank you, …
 : getting ready for the nba awards show. especially interested in the rookie? of the year award. wearing the goods. what are y…
wishing  the very best at the #nbaawards tonight. #cardsforever 
way to stand up for kentucky’s signature industry, . 
 : the republican majority just voted to pass the house republican  budget and rejected every amendment offered by de…
 nine gop members who voted no are cosponsors of legislation that would do the exact same thing as m… 
truly disgraceful. a majority of  members just voted to defeat my amendment to help gold star famili… 
 : now considering  amdt to eliminate the 'military widow's tax', an offset that reduces surviving militar…
 : now considering rm 's amdt to close carried interest tax loophole, which unfairly allows wealthy asset…
 : starting now: day  of the #gopbudget markup, where democrats will offer amendments to protect our families and our fu…
 : the committee has recessed for the day. markup on the #gopbudget will resume tomorrow at am et.
 : markup of the #gopbudget has resumed. watch live here. 
 : the #gopbudget makes large cuts to medicare and medicaid, even though president trump promised he wouldn’t hurt those pr…
 : alert:  just rolled out a #brighterforbillionaires budget that pays for the #goptaxscam by putting health care, r…
 : live now: the house budget committee is meeting to consider the 's extreme budget proposal: …
 : this #gopbudget is a perfect example of how the congressional budget process is broken.  like previous republican budg…
 : this is not a tightening of the government’s belt. these are radical, devastating cuts that will jeopardize the safety…
 : the #gopbudget places the entire burden of deficit reduction on middle-class and struggling families. it does not call…
 : ranking member : first, gop passed deep tax cuts benefitting the wealthy with no plan to pay for them.…
live now: the house budget committee is meeting to consider the 's extreme budget proposal: 
 : starting now: markup of the  #gopbudget that asks hardworking families to pay for the #goptaxscam. …
 : republican efforts to sabotage the #aca continue to leave more americans uninsured and premiums soaring. now the gop’s…
 : the committee will begin consideration of the  #gopbudget today at :pm et. watch live here on twitter or on ou…
today  are considering their “budget for a brighter american future,” which makes extreme cuts to me… 
 : our report on the #gopbudget: "the republican budget for  continues the destructive scam" …
i'm proud to introduce the #keepfamiliestogether act with  and  .  president trump… 
 : ranking member 's statement on the #gopbudget that repeals the aca and makes extreme cuts to health car…
this juneteenth we’re reminded that while physical shackles may have been removed, the fight for civil rights &amp; equ… 
 : sometimes truth transcends party. 
president trump could make a single phone call and end this heartbreaking ordeal today.
the trump administration’s cruelty is on full display as we watch families being torn apart and children left suffe… 
as we celebrate this day, our hearts are with the families who have been ripped apart at our borders, those who hav… 
i’m lucky to be spending father’s day with my son aaron. so blessed.
one day the  will no longer exist and we’ll all be better for it. until then, i’ll continue to tell the world j… 

how about if i take a knee? you wannabe tyrant. 
there are few days more uniquely american than today, june , when we honor both the american flag and our country… 
it was wonderful to spend time with ’s youth seminar "face to face with other faiths" during their trip to t… 
i won't sleep well until election night . 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
speaking of a special place in hell...  
the ’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect today, but the fight for a free and open internet is not over.… 
great to spend lunch speaking with students attending the louisville bar association’s summer law institute at uofl… 
wire-to-wire win at belmont for justify! congratulations to mike smith and the connections of this amazing horse on… 
you know what else makes a great match? universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. congress should get… 
dozens of americans will lose their actual best friends to gunfire today alone. tens of thousands will lose their b… 
muhammad ali never sought a pardon and never had to. he fought for justice and got it. , you can ho… 
say what you will about trump, he sure is loyal to the country that elected him. 
 : instead, it will undermine the bipartisan budget agreement and limit future investments in our nation’s families. that…
 : after adding $.t to our deficits with #goptaxscam, the trump-gop rescissions package on the floor now is a political…

what an amazing morning. i had the privilege of spending this th anniversary of d-day at the wwii memorial with a… 
this is the cost of ’s reckless trade policies. tariffs from mexico on bourbon and bacon. mexico is… 
excited to welcome my new daughter-in-law sarah tate yarmuth into our family. congratulations  and… 
 : an f rating from the nra is something to be proud of today, on national gun violence awareness day. 
of all the ways trump has damaged our country, his unraveling of our moral fabric is maybe the most tragic. please… 
i #wearorange because american children &amp; families shouldn’t have to live in constant fear. gun violence threatens… 
today marks  years since our commonwealth came into existence. happy birthday kentucky! 
president trump’s radical immigration policies are antithetical to our american values. thank you, ,… 
reminder:  assistance for businesses &amp; homeowners affected by february’s flooding is still available. low-in… 
wishing the best of luck to louisville’s own tara singh in the  this week. tara is now an th grader at… 
every memorial day, i reflect on lincoln’s gettysburg address as a reminder of the responsibility that falls on us… 
proud to participate in the ’s #nationalpoppyday today, the friday before memorial day, in recogniti… 
great to welcome this group of  to the  today! 
 : we’ll be livestreaming this morning’s joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform hearing, titl…
 : last night,  spoke with harley-davidson employees who were laid off after the company received a massive…
speaker ryan told us the gop tax bill would help companies like harley-davidson hire more workers. so what’d the co… 
 call claire in my dc office and we’ll see what we can work out during your visit. --
 what time will your group be here? i’d love to meet with the students if our schedules work.
so sad to hear of danny’s passing. i was just with him at an event on saturday and can’t believe he’s gone. he was… 
the internet doesn’t belong to  and , but their work to end #netneutrality shows they th… 
philip roth will be missed.
this is a mic drop. 
thank you  students for your incredibly thoughtful letters. it was my pleasure to visit with you th… 
today, i signed the bipartisan discharge petition to force a house vote on legislation to protect america’s dreamer… 
 : house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s not true. at least  million hun…
reverend c. mackey daniels was a legend. faith leader, civil rights icon, and a source of inspiration for all of lo… 
wishing the very best to  on her first day as  president. looking forward to working closely on… 
great to visit with the students of  before my flight back to washington today. go monarchs! 
so long as unrest is met with bloodshed, cries for peace ring hollow and hopes for a better future in the region wi… 
i remain a strong supporter of israel and the two state solution and urge both sides, the palestinians and israelis…  we continue to mourn and pray for the victims, their families, and the pittsburgh jewish community. but the preside… 
in these challenging times, we must combat the treacherous rhetoric that divides us by elevating the national conve… 
the senseless attack on jewish worshipers at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh was fueled by two very horrif… 
 : i’ve been working with my ma colleagues, , , &amp; , to get emergency assistance for those…
congratulations to the  #worldseries champion boston ! #dodamage #damagedone 
people of all faiths and creeds have the right to worship without fear of violence in our country. today’s horrific… 
 : bz to the over  guests who joined us  in honoring  &amp; dr. gary kearney for their dedica…
i strongly condemn any and all hateful rhetoric and terrorizing action intended to promote violence or frighten, th… 
all of us – especially elected officials - have a responsibility to elevate our political discourse, listen to oppo… 
no citizen should fear violence or feel threatened as a result of who they are and what they believe. in these chal… 
 : congratulations to congresswoman niki tsongas () who was honored with eastern bank’s  community advocac…
i recently hosted #ma students at  for my service academy &amp; military career forum. if interested in att… 
i recently signed on to a letter w/, , &amp;  requesting  to provide emergency a… 
good luck to the #alcs champion  as they take on the  in game  of the #worldseries tonight! many… 
thank you to the mvcc for all of the work that you do to support&amp;empower women entrepreneurs and business professio… 
when women have a seat at the table, the conversation shifts&amp;change is enacted to make a real difference in the liv… 
 : "it is critically important to bring women's voices to all parts of our country." - congresswoman niki tsongas …
the trump admin's proposal = an attack on the dignity &amp; lives of transgender americans, effectively abandoning thei… 
i support greater sanctions &amp; withholding direct military sales to saudi arabia as an initial rebuke of this heinous act.
we cannot turn a blind eye to such an egregious betrayal of our most fundamental values. doing so would send a dang… 
last friday, saudi officials finally admitted that jamal khashoggi was brutally murdered inside their consulate in… 
 : celebrating women in business #merrimackvalley - so proud of our  from  and  and p…
 : thank you,  for the positive and inspiring words on women in business in the merrimack valley. "when we ha…
 : good morning the columbia gas interactive map is back up, they changed it to show a range of when your house will be wo…
 : plumbers still needed! independant or union! as part of the recovery from the gas fire disaster in greater lawrence plu…
a reminder to all interested #ma students that this monday, october nd is the annual u.s. service academy &amp; mili… 
thank you for inviting me to come speak to prof. patty talty’s “congress” class at ! your questions &amp; p… 
 : today is the last day to register to vote for the november th election.  register online until :pm: …
yesterday, i visited with students at  to hear their personal immigration stories, to take questions,… 
since initiated in , #daca has provided #dreamers the opportunity to earn a living &amp; receive an education. the… 
 : it's getting cold, if you are in the gas disaster area, please call early for housing &amp; hotel placement dont wait. take…
 : unveiling the new “niki tsongas eye care center.” we ‘gave’ her a colleen sgroi original painting of the health center…
 : honoring  with the naming of our new eye care center for her vision and support!!! #lowellchc #caringforlowe…
 : your voice matters. don’t miss your opportunity to speak up for what you believe in. tomorrow is the last day to register t…
 : thank you, , for sharing your congressional perspective on daca with  students today. …
i am fortunate to represent a district in which the signature role of our rivers is valued &amp; sustained by volunteers &amp; organizations.
last month, i introduced legislation so that segments of the nashua, squannacook, &amp; nissitissit rivers will soon jo… 
yesterday, i joined the , , the wild &amp; scenic river stewardship council, ,… 
  congratulations, seth and liz – wonderful news!
 : th anniversary celebration of the wild &amp; scenic river act at minuteman natonal park. suasco, taunton and nashua rivers and…
 : information! : just updated the  site with all the detail for the gas appliances being used by c…
 : tax update: for those effected by / gas fires... 
ty to the , &amp; congratulations to  #gendunford,  ceo jeffrey leiden, &amp;… 
i was honored to be recognized in the company of so many great new englanders at the #necannualdinner. the… 
 : .⁦⁩ accepts her award. her leadership on behalf of new england will be truly missed. #necannualdinner https:/…
my thoughts are with those affected by #hurricanemichael and its aftermath, especially those impacted in the florid… 
 : today, we celebrate not only the #dayofthegirl, but also #comingoutday!  join us &amp; speak up for every person's right to live…
in #ma, we recognize the strong traditions &amp; values that help make our region a vibrant corner of america. we hono… 
during #hispanicheritagemonth, we remind each other of the impt roles hispanic-americans play in our communities. f… 
we must commit to investing in clean energy jobs, renewable technology, &amp; harness alternative energy sources, inclu… 
withdrawing from the paris agreement &amp; imposing steep budget cuts at federal agencies like the epa put not only our… 
the un’s sobering report on #climatechange is further evidence that congress can no longer afford to ignore its har… 
 : #mvgasfire #recovery 
 : thank you ⁦⁩ and ⁦⁩ for participating in our annual congressional luncheon today! https://t.c…
 : urgent: this morning the parthum school was evacuated and two other schools in north lawrence reported gas smells. thes…
 : free parking up-town until further notice in #andoverma  street "timed" parking will be enforced on main st and the adja…
 : rm  &amp;  dems including  rm  are calling on president trump to cancel his polluter-…
 : -- - construction and gas crisis update daily briefings / actualización de crisis de gas y construcción  here is a…
thank you to  for honoring me with the community leader award at the annual “legacy of caring” gala… 
 : 🚨 *reminder - emergency alert test today* 🚨  this afternoon at : pm edt, you will receive a test alert on your cell phone a…
i was honored to be recognized w/ ’s “champion award." lcw’s stewardship for public &amp; private $ are a po… 
 : this is a cruel &amp; discriminatory attack on #lgbt foreign diplomats by the trump administration. with only  percent of u…
nearly  immigrant children still remain separated from their parents as a result of the trump administration’s “… 
 : lowell sits at the confluence of the merrimack and concord rivers. since , a portion of the concord has been declared "w…
 : -- construction &amp; gas crisis update daily briefings from columbia gas. the contains slides that show up-to-date da…
 : **please share** tomorrow (wed. /) at : pm edt, you will receive a test alert on your cell phone as part of a nationwide…
 : vamos a estar aquí para ayudar en el #merrimackvalley durante el tiempo que sea necesario. venga y hable con nuestro equipo en…
 : we are going to be here to help in the #merrimackvalley for as long as it takes. come speak with our team at the #columbiagas…
 : breaking: rm  &amp; + dems are urging sec zinke to stop his rushed plan to weaken management standard at #bearsea…
 : construction &amp; gas crisis update daily briefings from columbia gas. the contains slides that show up-to-date data as th…
 : happening now!  delivering a letter to  calling to #postponethevote on kavanaugh until there is a…
 : the ⁦⁩ heading to ⁦⁦⁩ to tell him we have her back, and we’re not going back. …
 : democratic women of the house going to senate to urge postponement for investigation!#kavanaughhearings …
i firmly believe that a vote to confirm judge #kavanaugh to #scotus is a vote to deny women equal protection under the law.
i believe the women coming forward today as strongly as i believe the countless servicewomen &amp; men who have shared… 
we must be tenacious &amp; persistent in order to change a culture formed over centuries. we must bring women’s voices… 
our criminal justice system, like the uniform code of military justice, is not set up to ensure survivors get justi… 
and the persistent feeling of threat that the military nurse originally shared with me is being exposed by generati… 
the #metoo &amp; #whyididntreport stories that so many courageous women have shared over the past year, &amp; in particular… 
i spent the next  years digging into this issue &amp; working to prevent the alarming prevalence of discrimination, s… 
she had never been assaulted but lived with the persistent feeling of threat from her fellow servicemembers.
one woman, a nurse who had been deployed several times to afghanistan &amp; iraq, replied by saying: “ma’am, i am more… 
shortly after entering congress, i attended a lunch w/wounded servicemembers. while speaking w/several female soldi… 
the city of #lawrence has announced that it is sponsoring a presentation informing city residents affected by… 
 : great day up on capitol hill, advocating for housing, infrastructure, econ dev, and more with colleagues from .…
 : update: clarification on fuel source claims from columbia gas. they are still recommending that people call into the cl…
massachusetts and #ma have benefited greatly from the land and water conservation fund since its inception over … 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, take a moment to register to vote, update your address, your party affiliation, +… 
 : there's a lot at stake this november. if we stay home, critical issues that affect our families and communities get igno…
candidates applying for admission to , , , &amp; the u.s. merchant marine academ… 
my office invites all interested #ma students to attend the annual u.s. service academy &amp; military career forum on… 
i first met 's  in the early s when my late husband paul was running for president. yrs later… 
columbia gas has updated claims information for customers from #andover, #lawrence, &amp; #northandover who were affect… 
 : press release: fire officials offer safety advice for merrimack valley residents: caution use space heaters, grills, and hot p…
 : “this isn’t about gas. this isn’t about electricity. it’s about people. you want to do right by people.” …
tomorrow, + museums across ma will be participating in 's #museumday, including  right here in… 
this morning, columbia gas of massachusetts announced the next phase of recovery &amp; replacement activities for the g… 
 : we'll be at the property claims center at old town hall,  main street in andover from  to  p.m. parking available i…
 : we'll be at the property claims center at relief's in,  market street in lawrence from  a.m. to  p.m. …
one year after #hurricanemaria, we remember the nearly , americans who lost their lives in #puertorico. we rene… 
 : kudos to congresswoman  for filing #nashuariver wild and scenic rivers act, to better protect historic…
i sat down with  yesterday to discuss the ma congressional delegation’s response to the #mvgasfire &amp;… 
congress must conduct proper oversight to understand what went happened, what went wrong, &amp; how we can ensure nothi… 
yesterday, , , &amp; i urged  to hold hearings immediately on the safety &amp; fede… 
thx to the work of the , the nashua has undergone a tremendous recovery &amp; the intro of this bill to… 
ty  for co-sponsoring in the house and for    and  fo… 
today, i joined stakeholders &amp; electeds in #groton to unveil h.r. , the “nashua river #wildandscenic river act,… 
thx to the work of marion stoddart&amp;the , the nashua has come a long way since then. pollution from p… 
by the mid-s, the nashua river was one of the most polluted rivers in the united states. many can recall seeing… 
 : we’ll be back in #lawrence , #andover and #northandover today. find us at one of our three claims centers. …
 : recovery resource center information for  thursday / and friday /  lawrence regional recovery resource center  thursday,…
 : . says if the senate proceeds without looking into this further and seriously, "they are disregarding the e…
 : during her time in congress,  has focused a lot on sexual assault in the military. she has said that due to…
 : on the recent surge of women seeking political office,  says "women can't win if women don't run." #pinkwav…
 : . criticizes columbia gas for its lack of communication with residents affected in lawrence, andover and no…
 : ., along with  and , have sent a letter to leaders on the house energy and commer…
 : . joins us live in the studio now to discuss the latest happenings in massachusetts' rd district, includin…
 : it's radio boston time! we're speaking with  as she prepares to retire office, a new campaign debate about…
about to join  on   . to talk #mvgasfire #scotus #ma and more. listen here: 
 : update: columbia gas in lawrence - more to follow actualización: columbia gas en lawrence - más por seguir #mvgasfire h…
wishing a blessed #yomkippur to all those celebrating across #ma this evening. gmar chatimah tovah. 
 : new graphic: news update:  property claim centers will be open starting wednesday. #lawrence #northandover #andover …
as the daughter of an air force colonel &amp; co-chair of the house air force caucus, i am honored to work on behalf of… 
i believe dr. christine blasey ford. her accusations disqualify brett kavanaugh from serving on the supreme court.… 
 : if you were impacted by the fires and explosions in the merrimack valley, document damage to your home and keep records of exp…
 : . on kavanaugh #metoo allegations: "i think these accusations are very credible and the woman making the…
 : coming up, we'll be talking with  about the the heated race for her seat in #ma and the aftermath of th…
 : if you or someone you know is returning back home to the impacted communities, please follow these safety tips: https://t.c…
 : resource recovery center opens today at pm and will remain open until pm: 
 : all ramps and road closures associated with the gas explosions affecting lawrence, andover, north andover and methuen…
 : merrimack valley residents: as you return home keep safety in mind. make sure your smoke and carbon monoxide alarms are workin…
 : #merrimackvalleyresidentes: cuando vaya a su casa tenga cuidado: □ si huele gas o tiene otra emergencia, abandone el edificio.…
 : now that most residents are back in their homes, our crews will work to restore gas service. this could take weeks.  do…
 : mema director kurt schwartz reminds residents that recovery will be a long term process.  -call -- for information and ques…
 : residents of #lawrence, #andover, and #northandover when you go home, be vigilant: □if you smell gas or have any other emergen…
 : so. lawrence will be allowed to return home starting at am tomorrow /. electricity on, gas off. itemize all expense…
 : the most updated list of streets in andover that are cleared/not cleared can be found here:  …
 : reminder:   as  &amp;  continue their work, any residents who shut off their own gas are advised to ca…
 : #matraffic update: i- exit  now open. i- exits ,  and  remain closed.
 : verizon offers free calling, text and data for massachusetts customers impacted by fires   via 
 : #mvgasfire #lawrence 
 :  lawrence senior center is in need of cans of tuna fish, canned foods, and canned pre-cooked noddles. we are thankful…
update from eversource: 
 : our new property claim center is now open. we will serve as many as we can today! #lawrence #northandover #andover https…
 : update: for all information on the current gas emergency in lawrence visit:    actualización: pa…
 : a reminder: do not attempt to turn your gas service back on yourself. only the gas company should turn it back on.
 : a note for  gas customers in andover, north andover and lawrence: if you turned off your own gas, please ca…
 : our thoughts are with all of our friends and neighbors following last night’s disaster in merrimack valley. we’re committe…
 : estamos en necesidad de alimentos no perecedero: frutas (frescas y secas), barras de granola, cajas de jugos pequeños, galleta…
 : desperately needed items: hand sanitizers, alcohol pads, socks, underwear for kids and adults, blankets, toiletries, feminine…
 : national grid has a community service van parked behind the old town hall at  main st. to answer questions. they will…

andover residents, even if you are cleared to return to your home, do not turn on the gas by yourself.  call columb… 
 : all donations for the gas fires relief efforts can be brought to  senior center at  haverhill street lawrence, ma.…
lawrence residents- please continue to listen to local authorities. it is not safe to return to your homes 
on the ground in lawrence getting an update from the governor, mayor rivera, town manager andrew flanagan and coord… 
 : additional shelter available st. mary's church hampshire and haverhill street and central catholic high school  hamp…
 : many homes have been destroyed and people are under an evacuation notice; this could turn into a long-term response. we hav…
 : we would like to thank all those who have been reaching out and offering ways to help those affected by this tragedy in law…
 : 
 : because of planned power shut down, lawrence mayor  is asking all residents of south lawrence to evacua…
 : #redcross reception centers open for those affected by tonight's explosions: parthum elementary school-  east haverhill…
 : 🚨#matraffic update on ramp closures🚨  i- exit  off-ramps now closed as well. also i- nb &amp; sb exit  off ramps…
 : mayor: rivera: lawrence shelters are located at the parthum school  and the arlington school    alca…
 : 🚨advisory🚨  power company will be shutting off power to all of #lawrence, #northandover, and #andover to assist in the…
 : #matraffic info on #gas situation;   all off-ramps on i- from exits  through  being closed. on ramps remain ope…
 : residents looking for information on the gas and fire incidents in south lawrence should dial .  residents buscando…
 : residents in the affected towns of lawrence/north andover/andover who have gas service from columbia gas should evacua…
 : andover evacuating residents to senior center  whittier court.  north andover evacuating residents to middleschool …
 : not a drill: anyone in the lawrence, andover and north andover area who smells gas needs to leave immediately. watch live: ht…
a special #tbt to  when  joined me at  &amp;  in #ma to present th graders… 
it's my hope that the #everykidoutdoors act, which overwhelmingly passed the house last night, will encourage a new… 
no,  - neither your denial or alternative facts change this devastating outcome. the people of… 
we’re one step closer to providing america’s th graders &amp; their families free entrance to more than , national… 
we did it! the every kid outdoors act just passed the house with overwhelming bipartisan support (-) &amp; now awai… 
the every kid outdoors act will encourage a new &amp; more diverse generation to learn about our country’s natural &amp; hi… 
 : thank you  for championing #everykidoutdoors! every child deserves the opportunity visit our national parks &amp; th…
take a look at what , founder &amp; chair of the outdoors alliance for kids (), had to say wh… 
the every kid outdoors act would provide th graders &amp; their families free entrance to all federally managed land,… 
i 'm on the house floor preparing to deliver a speech in support of my bill, the every kid outdoors act – bipartisa… 
 : happy birthday concord! incorporated in  as the first inland colony in the massachusetts bay, concord is now celebra…
yesterday’s celebration was a testament to strong, longstanding public/private partnerships and the local, state an… 
yesterday, i joined  highway administrator jonathan gulliver,  , , #methuen mayor jim… 
for years, the #methuen rotary was a source of traffic congestion and headaches for commuters entering and exiting… 
supporting our world-class military installations-and the considerable economic benefit they bring to ma-has been a… 
yesterday i joined , , , &amp; state leaders for my last meeting as co-chair of… 
we also honor the extraordinary heroism displayed by firefighters, police officers, first responders, &amp;  ordinary c… 
as as we mark the th anniversary of the tragic events of september  at remembrance ceremonies, memorials, and t… 
 : reach out. listen. empathize. together, we can make sure #hopehappens. #worldsuicidepreventionday 
my warmest wishes for a happy new year to everyone in #ma celebrating #roshhashanah tonight. l’shanah tova!
happy #readabookday! here’s a #tbt to  when sen. ted kennedy and i (with special guests splash and sunny) read… 
there’s much more work to be done to protect students who are victims of sexual harassment and sexual assault.
yesterday i joined ohio  &amp; members of the military sexual assault prevention caucus for a briefing fr… 
earlier this year the  released a report detailing nearly  cases of child sexual assault in department of defense schools since .
there are less than  hours to go before polls close at  pm in massachusetts. to find out where your polling place… 
this #laborday we remember the considerable sacrifice made by mill workers over a century ago+the important work do… 
 yrs ago, immigrant workers in #lawrence protested unjust conditions+treatment in the city’s textile mills. thei… 
the # of vets impacted by the mishandling of their benefit claims is unacceptable. that's why  &amp; i ar… 
today at  pm is the deadline to request an absentee ballot for tuesday’s state primary election in ma. if you are… 
 : rep.  (d-ma) and  (r-oh) the co-chairs of the military sexual assault prevention caucus, calle… sense of decency and kindness. my thoughts go out to his wife valerie and their son reid and the entire indy star f… 
like so many hoosiers, i knew  as a dedicated, thoughtful journalist. his passing is a loss for our s… 
attention hoosier seniors: medicare open enrollment is from october th to december th. need more information? vi… 
i stand w/ the victims, their families &amp; the entire jewish community against this horrific attack. another mass sho… 
we must not let attempts to terrorize our country divide us. no matter your ideology or what side of the aisle you… 
are you or someone you know a veteran in the th congressional district? this #veteransday i want your help recogni… 
congratulations   for being named # company to work for by   #bestworkplaces #salesforce 
happening now: #teamcarson is holding community office hours   come visit us and see how we can assis… 
good morning from #facebookcommunityboost! great to have  in #indy to help strengthen our small business c… 
i am honored to receive a % on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be… 
reminder: office hours is happening this thursday /, from pm-pm at  stop by and see how my off… 
great to attend the #indianalatinoexpo this morning! no matter your political persuasion there is no denying that t… 
(/) we need a court that works to ensure all americans are treated equally under the law &amp; works to protect the p… 
(/) i am deeply disappointed by today’s senate vote. americans deserve justices who will interpret our laws &amp; con… 
need help with a federal agency? come to my office hours tomorrow, october , for assistance with medicare &amp; medica… 
starting today, you can fill out the  to obtain financial aid for college for the - school year.… 
we owe so much to the long and important presence of hispanic &amp; latino americans in #indiana. their contributions a… 
today, i stand with dr. ford and all survivors. #believesurvivors #kavanaughhearings
i was happy to spend some time last night with african american senior executives from the intelligence community,… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday in indiana, you can register to vote until tuesday, october . the general e… 
the trump administration’s proposed public charge rule rigs our immigration system for the wealthy. making families… 
a year ago, trump issued his third (and current) iteration of his racist #muslimban. it’s still separating families… 
 : thank you at all  colleagues who are supporting our call to welcome more refugees to our shores: …
can't wait for ! she's a rockstar! 
refugees are among the world’s most vulnerable. they are often fleeing war, violence &amp; persecution. the trump admin… 
great to see indiana guidance counselor, shelly fitzgerald, on  today! #thanksellen #equalityforall 
hoosier veteran donald hobbs proudly displays the medals he earned serving in , that were missing until toda… 
today my staff attended a naturalization ceremony and welcomed several new citizens to our country. these citizens… 
 has made safety recommendations to address #ptc gaps but federal rail administration still has not implemente… 
what is positive train control #ptc &amp; how does it work? it can slow or stop a speeding train. here’s an example for… 
 has made safety recommendations to address #ptc gaps but fra still has not implemented them. fixing known flaws must be done asap.
happening now: important oversight hearing today on implementing positive train control to improve rail safety &amp; sa… 
today we remember the innocent lives lost on september , honor the brave heroes, &amp; thank those fighting for our f… 
today is #worldsuicidepreventionday. if you or someone you know is in crisis, please know help is available. one ac… 
indianapolis has lost a true champion for peace. rev. ellis will be remembered for his tireless advocacy on behalf… 
happy national grandparents day! today and everyday, i remember my grandmother, julia carson, and all of her servic… 
my heart goes out to the family of former indianapolis city-county councillor mary moriarty-adams. mary was a true… 
attention indianapolis area veterans! come check out the stand down event hosted by  today!  it’s loc… 
need help with a federal agency? come to my office hours this thursday, september , and get assistance with medica… 
wishing everyone a happy and safe labor day! thank you to all the hard-working americans who make our country great. #laborday
great to tour  this morning! amazing to see what they offer our youth in teaching real life skills that th… 
my heart breaks for everyone affected by today’s mass shooting in  #jacksonville. enough is enough, congress must c… 
tonight america lost a true hero and public servant. , your decency and courage will be missed.
great to attend last night's cardinal community service awards which honors tv &amp; radio stations from across indiana. 
happy to spend the afternoon with mg carr and the indiana national guard. their dedicated soldiers &amp; state-of-the-a… 
this morning i had the opportunity to tour the linwood christian church food pantry and learn about the work their… 
phones in my indianapolis district office are temporarily down. please call my dc office at .. and my sta… 
phones in my indianapolis district office are temporarily down. please call my dc office at .. and staff… 
great to visit   today to speak with students &amp; learn more about simon youth foundation!… 
great news for the city of #indianapolis! this investment will help our city in the decades to come. let’s continue… 
. decided same sex marriage is legal. while religious liberty in america allows people to hold their own per… 
the unite the right rallies taking place in washington, d.c. are despicable. racism, bigotry, and hate have no place in our country.
a recent study by  found that states purged more than  million voters from the rolls between  a… 
i believe in a world where everyone celebrates the power of diversity. lately those values have been threatened by… 
struggling to pay your mortgage? learn more about #indy's hardest hit fund which uses federal dollars to help keep… 
the right to vote is one of america’s most important freedoms. lbj signed the #vra  yrs ago today. but, the fight… 
reminder: office hours going on now. if you need help with a federal agency stop by  #brightwoodbranch… 
to all the students heading back to school this week, have a great first day! it's going to be an awesome year! 
 : the th annual central indiana job fair is now open through  p.m. at ivy tech indianapolis! hosted by , spea…
happening now: getting ready for today’s th annual central indiana job fair! of today’s + employers, % are of… 
for  yrs, medicare &amp; medicaid have provided an essential lifeline to seniors, struggling families &amp; the disabled.… 
happening now: going on  #daybreak to discuss news of the day and my upcoming job fair. tune in here: 
i am disgusted and outraged at the vandalism targeting congregation shaarey tefilla in carmel.  i condemn  this vil… 
happy #nationalinternday to my #dc interns! justin bates is an #indy native &amp; a rising rd year marketing major… 
always good to meet with #indy’s champions who fight homelessness . we agree more resources are needed to… 
the central indiana job fair is quickly approaching! currently employers from a broad array of sectors are signe… 
my heart breaks and my prayers go out to the all the families who lost loved ones in the boat accident near branson… 
what a great way to honor our city’s veterans! thank you ,  &amp; the indianapolis city-county c… 
join me and  in the fight to ensure a woman's  fundamental freedom to make her own personal decisions about r… 
looking for a job? save the date for my central indiana job fair coming up august st. more information -&gt;… 
 said he misspoke on one word yesterday. why then did several of his answers defer to #putin? why pr… 
happening now- i’m standing with my colleagues after yesterday’s shocking summit. tune in! 
for those claiming partisanship, hoosier  conservative &amp; our former gop senator dan coats—now director of national… 
'never before have we seen a president so dramatically set aside a vital american interest to appease the expectati… 
(/) this not how a president acts. he is abandoning american interests to protect russia. it's time for congressi… 
(/) the evidence is indisputable—the russians interfered. and, now they admit they wanted trump to win.… 
(/) as putin reminded us, he is a former kgb officer. he won’t admit to an attack on our democracy just because t… 
(/) today’s summit between president trump &amp; putin was shocking.  refused to condemn russian inte… 
(/) it’s more clear than ever that  should be holding president putin accountable, not trying to… 
(/) today’s indictment proves what democrats have been saying for months: that the russian government directly in… 
reminder: a congressional field hearing will be held tomorrow, / in columbus, oh to discuss the solvency of cent… 
icymi: proud to re-introduce the students helping young students act with my colleague . the bill wo… 
putting brett kavanaugh on our nation’s highest court threatens women’s rights, worker’s rights and more. call your… 
icymi: a congressional field hearing will be held this friday, / in columbus, oh to discuss the solvency of cent… 
have a safe and happy fourth of july holiday, friends! thank you to those currently serving and to all those who ha… 
my heart is with the  staff and community of #annapolis after today’s horrifying and senseless act of gu… 
icymi: busy day in  yesterday! my federal protective service reforms were included and passed in h.r. … 
i stand w/labor because labor stands w/working people all across the nation and world! #janus #unionstrong 
today’s decision will be remembered as a shameful sanctioning of discrimination, and one that history will judge ha… 
discrimination is not a national security strategy, and prejudice is not patriotism. trump’s xenophobic travel ban… 
this decision is about presidential authority, not an affirmation of the president’s bigoted policy or history of t… 
thanks to everyone who came out to today’s northwest neighborhood planning meeting! 
indiana welcomed  new u.s. citizens from  countries during this morning's naturalization ceremony.… 
disappointing update today in #rail subcommittee hearing on pipeline safety from #trump administration. congression… 
today, on #worldrefugeeday i call on  &amp; the #trumpadministration to end their cruel policy of separ… 
promoting human rights has been an american priority for decades. by withdrawing from the un human rights council w… 
children should not be ripped from the arms of their parents. babies need to stay with their loving parents. i supp… 
are you as outraged by the heartless separation of children from their parents as i am? this is a choice being made… 
applications to intern in one of my offices this fall are due july . check out my website for more details!… 
with  decision on #muslimban due any day let’s not forget the faces of trump’s #muslimban: 
as trump and jeff sessions try to prevent victims of domestic violence and those fleeing gangs from receiving asylu… 
the summit between  &amp; #kimjongun has the potential to be an important first step toward a productive dialogue… 
every day, hoosier scientists work hard to make strides to provide innovative treatments to patients. today, i welc… 
this #immigrantheritagemonth we honor the immigrants and refugees from around the world have fled oppression, pover… 
reminder: office hours is happening tomorrow, thursday, /, from am-pm.  stop by the indianapolis public libra… 
#rfk was assinated  yrs ago today. about  months earlier he made what may be his most famous speech in #indy. re… 
today's ruling underscores the importance of nationwide nondiscrimination protections.  when an lgbt person walks i… 
today hoosiers and people across the country will come together for national gun violence awareness day. join us in… 
big congratulations to this year's congressional art competition winner, rachel knierman, from  in… 
today we honor the valiant men &amp; women in uniform who laid down their lives for their country and for their brother… 
last year i was proud to partner w/ the american legion to introduce a resolution recognizing national poppy day. j… 
there are no words left to say, only actions left to do. #noblesvillewest  #noblesvilleschoolshooting 
(/)  i was proud to support our bipartisan bill to fund our military yesterday. but we can do more to protect ame… 
(/) this #memorialday we will remember the , service members killed since  and all who have died for our… 
closely monitoring the situation at noblesville west middle school. praying for noblesville and our whole community. 
#tbt to when  indy  champion,  and the borg-warner trophy visited my office. #indy… 
with lives on the line, this is not the time for bullying and insults to win the day. president trump &amp; kim jong un… 
today i was privileged to host nancy, a former foster youth from #indy for congressional foster youth shadow day! n… 
proud to work w/ my  colleagues to reauthorize a critical water infrastructure bill today #wrdaworks
clifton morlan served in , us army reserve &amp; us army reserve national guard between  and . with the… 
when the same thing happens over and over, just this time in texas, and nothing has been done to stop it—there is n… 
almost k families in my district rely on snap, and i oppose the #gopfarmbill because it would cause more american families to go hungry.
ramadan mubarak to my fellow muslim brothers and sisters during this holy month.
it's official!  big win for indy residents!  #infrastructureweek 
i am very disappointed in the judgement handed down by the indianapolis civilian police merit board that leaves aar… 
president trump’s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal is illogical, shortsighted, and extremely dangero… 
by walking away from the jcpoa, trump makes it easier for iran to develop nuclear weapons. he is creating this cris… 
today kicks off #teacherappreciationweek and i want your help recognizing indiana’s incredible educators.  if you k… 
one year ago, my house republican colleagues voted for legislation that would have stolen health care &amp; raised cost… 
icymi:  full funding for the red line in #indy will soon be approved! as a member of , i have fought for… 
honored and humbled to be included on this list. 
i commend ’s commitment to a civil rights and privacy audit in response to long standing requests from… 
may is national foster care month. as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth, i am proud to renew my… 
it's national small business week! here's to indiana's more than , small businesses- the engines of america's… 
rather than further delving into the damage this caused to our democracy, my gop colleagues have chosen to shut dow… 
icymi: my op-ed in  on the th anniversary of the fair housing act. did you know african-american hom… 
congrats to the new citizens being sworn in today in #indy! always a historic ceremony. 
today i stood at the supreme court to say #nomuslimbanever 
tomorrow  will hear oral arguments on trump’s muslim ban. it’s time to end policies that foster bigotry and… 
earth day is a time to celebrate our beautiful planet. we must come together to ensure that our communities are hea… 
thrilled to be one of goodwill's  national policymaker recipients! we share the same goals -  protecting job tr… 
today america lost a remarkable woman. i join with our country in offering my gratitude for her life of public serv… 
the #goptaxscam was not written for middle-class workers. in #indiana, the top % of earners get % of tax breaks… 
in today's rail subcommittee hearing, i asked the surface transportation board (stb) to investigate the dangerous p… 
tune in! 
heard lauren day of  on  on  this morning! great job!  #indy #busrapidtransit 
(/)chemical attacks. i will be monitoring the outcome of these strikes closely &amp; will remain firm in my assertion… 
(/) this week’s horrific chemical weapons attack was just the latest in a series of war crimes perpetrated by bas… 
great to meet w/ west point first captain simone askew today to talk about how to increase diversity in military ac… 
proud to cosponsor a bill to protect the #muellerinvestigation. we must make clear to the president that firing the… 
we need a credible secretary of state, not one who promotes bigotry and has a history of anti-muslim sentiment and… 
 :  years ago, president johnson signed the fair housing act, making discrimination in housing illegal. today, there is mo…
important reminder for #dreamers: you can still apply to renew your #daca protections. learn more &amp; reapply here:… 
today is #equalpayday. it has been  years since the equal pay act was  signed into law, yet women still earn… 
"the help from congressman carson's office was very important and they deserve a lot of credit," edwin said. "i don… 
today  signed the kennedy-king establishment act into law. this bill officially recognizes martin luther king… 
speaking w/ my colleagues about the importance of the recently signed kennedy-king establishment act and what i am… 
my friend, my mentor, my colleague  speaking words of truth to #indianapolis. #kennedyking 
‘the civil rights movement insisted on justice in the spirit of peace - that we live up to our founding promise’… 
today marks  years since martin luther king, jr.’s death &amp; robert f. kennedy’s historic #indianapolis speech. i a… 
 : ,  &amp;  listen as  talks with  &amp;  student…
did you know one in five seniors has been a victim of fraud, and new scams are developed constantly? that's why tod… 
flooding is ongoing in the #indianapolis area due to heavy rainfall this morning. be prepared for severe weather. h… 
i'm proud to represent indy and all of the hoosiers who live in it. that’s why i joined forces w/  to… 
great to see  #archwaystoopportunity program help these indianapolis women achieve their educational and… 
we are now accepting submissions for the  congressional art competition. indianapolis high school students can… 
happening now: talking to  on  about the latest with the #russiainvestigation. tune in!
state champions!!! way to go warriors!! 
heavy snow predicted in #indy tomorrow. please stay safe &amp; warm!
icymi: my op-ed on my bill that designates dr. martin luther king jr. park in #indy as a national commemorative sit… 
good morning, indiana #womenvets! stop by the #idva women veterans conference today  - my office has… 
this morning, every republican on the house intelligence committee cast a vote to prematurely end the… 
happy #womenshistorymonth my entire life i've been fortunate to be surrounded by influential women, like my late gr… 
happening now- on the house floor debating my bill - the kennedy-king establishment act. tune into - 
tune into  this evening between pm and pm to watch the debate on my bill – the kennedy king establishment a… 
happy st. patrick’s day! 
. was one of the best. she was a warm spirit and fierce advocate for women’s rights and democratic… 
need assistance with a federal agency? my staff will be holding office  hours in your neighborhood today! stop by t… 
there’s still time to come check out the youth opportunities fair at the central . youth of all ages ca… 
 : interested in internships, jobs, &amp; summer volunteer opportunities (or know someone who is)? stop by the central library, whe…
my annual youth opportunities fair is today, march ! i hope you will stop by the central library to learn about a… 
my annual youth opportunities fair is this monday! i hope you will stop by the central library to learn about all t… 
on #internationalwomensday and every day, let’s push for greater female empowerment, stand up for women’s rights, a… 
interested in joining #teamcarson? we're looking for interns to join our #washingtondc office. learn more -&gt; 
best in the nation once again! congrats to the team  
monday, march  is my th annual youth opportunities fair .  it's free to attend and includes some ama… 
in t&amp;i hearing now discussing trump infrastructure plan. the more i hear about this 'plan', the more i’m concerned… 
 : today: full committee hearing with  secretary elaine chao on “examining the administration’s infrastructure propos…
six months ago today  revoked the #daca program, throwing the lives of , hoosier #dreamers &amp; thousands o… 
come learn about internships, jobs &amp; summer programs for youth of all ages at my th annual youth opportunities fai… 
great to join #myips  for #donutswithdads today! shoutout to all the dads who showed up to enjoy quality… 
need assistance with a federal agency? my staff will be holding office hours in your neighborhood today! stop by to… 
one in  americans has a rare disease, including thousands of hoosiers. today, on ,… 
 : the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the #parkland shooting. what…
one in  americans has a rare disease, including thousands of hoosiers like jordan. today, ,… 
the american people were intentionally misled but now they have the full story. the fbi &amp; doj acted appropriately.… 
teachers, apply by / to attend a free  summer professional development program! there are sites across the… 
honored to lead the indiana delegation's work in congress to help this park get the love it deserves. #kennedyking 
coming soon: my annual youth opportunities fair, featuring internships, jobs &amp; summer volunteer options for youth o… 
 : i heard time and time again today that investing in infrastructure is good for business. local community leaders called on t… lockheed’s own estimates prove that even if ’s desert mirage of a saudi arms deal existed, it would create fe… 
i stand w/hundreds of #google engineers planning the women’s walkout in protest of the $m exit package gifted to… 
proud to lead the call for  to change our saudi policy. it is a sad day when our allies, private businesses,… 
out of yemen. send humanitarian aid. stop funding saudi arabia’s war. have we lost our soul? 
my heart breaks for the lives lost in the synagogue in pittsburgh &amp; for their loved ones. in order to heal the deep… 
you can watch it here 
we believe survivors. i’m hosting a panel discussion on overcoming sexual trauma in observance of #domestic icviole… 
proud to join my colleague  in our call for  to release the results of their iraq war study.… 

dla-charged w/buying the military’s proverbial $ hammer-can’t use excel to audit for the nd year in a row? this… 
we must also recognize that this isn’t an isolated problem, it’s an epidemic affecting communities across the count… 
as a practicing catholic, this ongoing abuse sickens me beyond description. the church must publicly disclose the n… 
george orwell: “nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism... patriotism is of its nature defensive, both mi… 
#icymi - i spoke with  about the mueller russia investigation and its focus on roger stone as well as… 
the president of the united states does set an example. now there’s the trump defense -- if  can do it with n… 
speaking up at the ⁦⁦⁩ about “ending the silence on domestic violence.” it’s alarming that women are not to… 
. isn't content w/gutting protections for trans workers, students &amp; servicemembers - he wants to deny their e… 
as if  officers being charged w/sexual assault isn’t bad enough, we learn there are many more cases never report… 
saudi arabia has shown the sinister nature of the khashoggi assassination. no way was the crown prince unaware. thi… 
#icymi in case you missed it, i spoke with  yesterday about 's failure to act in light of the assass… 

another false promise from , architect of the #goptaxscam. if he really cared about the middle class, he woul… 
the #goptaxscam gave corporations a big present. they paid $ billion less in taxes in fy. and that’s just the… 
it’s outrageous that pharmacists can deny access to meds prescribed by doctors, and put the repro health of women l… 
withholding the findings of our intelligence community’s investigation into khashoggi’s murder from the congression… 
the silence from  on mbs’s connection to the assassination of jamal khashoggi has been truly deafening. th… 

. falls in love w/kju after kju assassinated his brother. now he’s falling for mbs because mbs assassinated k… 
trump thinks because his uncle was an mit engineering prof  yrs ago he has a “natural instinct for science.” that… 
asked about his baffling defense of sa &amp;  says, “here we go again with … you’re guilty until proven innocent…… 
contradicting his claims of $- million in sa investments at his rally,  now tweets he has “no f… 
are you suffering from the constant bombardment of airplane noise? please join me for a conversation about the impa… 
i’m glad to see that ’s anti-bullying initiative has been so successful. 
first sa claims khashoggi left the consulate through a back door. then  muses a band of rogue killers stormed… 
saddened to hear of microsoft co-founder paul allen's passing - one of the founding fathers of personal computers w… 
as co-chair of the ahmadiyya muslim caucus, i am thrilled to welcome his holiness mirza masroor ahmad to america. d… 
that’s why  &amp;  need to grow a backbone &amp; stand up to their “ends justify the means” president &amp;… 
saudia arabia carried out  beheadings by sword in the first four months of this year alone &amp; its roots in the sep… 
there’s a lot we don’t know, but what we do know clearly points to assassination, including khashoggi being interro… 
. made an unholy alliance with saudi arabia and now is tripping over himself to defend the blood curdling kil… 
it’s #metoooneyearlater &amp; what a year it’s been, from news of  paying off women he had affairs w/soon after t… 
open enrollment for #coveredca starts today! go to  to find the best plan for you and your f… 
. continues to ignore, &amp; in the process undermine, what his intelligence community is saying in favor of assu… 
the f-: a $ billion waste of hanger decorations. republicans seem more concerned with funding defense contract… 
. went from living in a guilded tower to the white house after qualifying for a “genius visa” - not to menti… 
 : all of san mateo county’s police chiefs join  to announce that you can now text, not just call,  during an e…
this is what collaboration looks like in san mateo county! rolling out text  - call if you can, text if you can’… 
the world has so many hot spots - a virginia man was murdered in the saudi embassy in turkey! - and  decides… 
housing, medical, transportation &amp; other living costs have skyrocketed. the , soc sec recipients in my distri… 
it’s not hard to figure out trump’s motives – follow the money. saudi arabia and russia are his piggy banks, which… 
nikki haley calls kushner a “hidden genius,” claims ivanka is doing “a lot of things behind the scenes,” fueling sp… 
last week, during a shooting drill, a trans girl was forced to shelter in her middle school’s gym alone because sch… 
. ⁦⁩ you reap what you sow. get ready, cause women - and men - across the country are going to “… 
yesterday marks one of the darkest chapters in american history; a moment that will reverberate for generations to… 
sen hatch (r-ut), the longest serving member of the u.s. senate, telling sexual assault survivors to “grow up” whil… 
this is why the senate is blocking reforms to require senators &amp; mocs to pay out of pocket when they harass or disc… 
sen grassley says the reason the gop doesn’t have any women on the judiciary committee is because “it’s a lot of wo… 
the tainted process in the kavanaugh confirmation will result in a tainted justice. instead of pursuing the truth,… 
one year ago today, weinstein was outed. today the octogenarians of the senate have been outed. we do not live in t… 
our modern day statue of liberty. courage, patriotism and selflessness—that’s dr. christine blasey ford. 
america’s culture war has reached a boiling point, and the general fomenting this nuclear mix of hatred, misogyny,… 
why is the fbi talking to dr. blasey ford’s ex-boyfriends, not her? why are they digging up ramirez’s exes, but not… 
kavanaugh lies about little things and big things… you tell the senate you had no connections to grease the wheels… 
israel is on a path to annexation of the west bank and the end of a jewish, democratic israel. today i hosted a bri… 
as if kavanaugh and judge’s laughter, seared into dr. blasey ford’s memory, wasn’t disgusting enough, last night’s… 
this report confirms what i saw w/my own eyes – the trump admin cruelly endangered the physical &amp; mental health of… 

after losing all of dad’s money  was ripe for the picking by putin &amp; is no doubt compromised. his presidency… 
the white house isn’t allowing the fbi to interview dr. blasey ford or investigate the perjury kavanaugh committed… 
make no mistake- ⁦⁩ still has handcuffs on the fbi on what they can investigate. this tactic is about giving… 
grassley should go back to farming because clearly he can’t fairly chair a committee hearing. unbelievable that he… 
big win for all of us who treasure the san mateo coast - supreme court said no to billionaire khosla wanting to blo… 
explain to me why we want a liar on the supreme court? 
their time is limited. they will be made irrelevant - noted for no other reason than to remind future generations o… 
these are the faces of fear and cowardice; of people who know that the world is changing and who are willing to do… 
talking to ⁦⁩ about what’s being lost here: how legitimate is an investigation if you don’t talk to… 
telling ⁦⁩ that i think this investigation is turning into nothing more than a fig leaf so that the repu… 
doesn’t credible equal truth?even ⁦⁩ said dr. blasey ford was a credible witness. shouldn’t the fbi investiga… 
the pacifica fog fest parade is about to start. no fog! 
if hrc, dr. blasey ford, or any woman lost her composure, not to mention dignity, the way kavanaugh did  woul… 
stuart taylor, a vocal critic of anita hill &amp; dems &amp; defender of 'wrongly' accused men, says dr. blasey ford was co… 
this is what’s wrong with congress. #kanavaughhearings 
... second, notice those two other attendees, one of whom mitchell  highlighted: mark judge and p.j. smyth. 
the washington post reports: notice two things here. first, that “squi” was in attendance at the  party — someone w… 
mitchell: if you could just identify: is ‘judge’ mark judge? kavanaugh: it is. it’s tim gaudette, mark judge, tom k… 
mitchell: to what does this refer, and to whom? kavanaugh: [after explaining the “tobin’s house” part] it looks lik… 
“skis” is short for “brewskis,” or beers. the entry was july , a thursday. and sen. mitchell asked him about it.… 
trump also said the supplemental investigation, which he called an "update," must be "limited in scope and complete… 
your voices do count. watch the video. i believe sen flake was moved by these survivors’ pleas! 
trump now says dr blasey ford's testimony was "very compelling," what does that mean? compelling normally means you… 
by the way, would any of this have happened if sen flake was not on the  committee and retiring? congress is in deep trouble.
there was no willingness to support an fbi investigation by trump or kavanaugh until sen flake spoke up. now, of co… 
we should all take a deep breath and thank  for putting the brakes on the vote and asking for the obvious… 
this is the week for sexual assault survivors to reach out to their senators to dispel the myths promoted in the ka… 
for those who keep ref dc law, dr blasey ford said the assault was at a party in maryland. georgetown prep, where k… 
mark judge doesn’t recall the events, would only participate in a confidential fact-finding interview. this is the… 
one of the biggest takeaways of the kavanaugh testimony was how political he was instead of how judicial he was. he… 
something lost in kavanaugh’s comments about his beer drinking as a senior in high school - the drinking age was … 
and we want dr. blasey ford to know that we have her back, and we're not going back! 
come to think of it, it’s also straight out of ’s playbook of lies, scorched earth tactics, and conspiracy th… 
he sounds so angry. how can he be a measured jurist? he can’t bring himself to say, “yes, please, have the fbi inve… 
he is trying to be his own character reference and act as his own attorney. #kavanaughwithdrawnow
dr. blasey ford never said it happened on a weekend. why is kavanaugh focused on weekends? #kavanaughwithdrawnow
judge kavanaugh’s speech is that of an angry man who does not look like he can be judicial. for the good of the sup… 
kavanaugh is using the clarence thomas playbook of angry denials and blaming conspiracies against him. it worked fo… 
two major events on capitol hill today: #kavanaughconfirmationhearing and  demo.  our democracy nee… 
despite growing attention, our election equipment is still vulnerable.  congress has a job to do to oversee and fun… 
the defcon  panel and election machine demo is about to start! you can watch on facebook live here:… 
the republican prosecutor is making dr. blase ford look more credible. this a pivotal moment in history and being o… 
now republicans are arguing again that this was a case of mistaken identity and claim to have letters naming men wh… 
. - bring mark judge from his bethany beach house to testify! he needs to stop drinking beer and face… 
sen durbin makes my point. she has absolutely nothing to gain by coming forward, had no intention to come forward,… 
dr blasey ford says what she remembers most is the uproarious laughter between judge and kavanaugh at her expense.… 
mitchell is doing a good job of cross examining gently, but it is still disgusting. the witness is not on trial.… 
under oath, she says, “absolutely not,” when questioned about  whether she mistakenly identified kavanaugh. i belie… 
dr. blasey ford’s experience of doing poorly in school after the assault is like the more than  women i have talk… 
the tortured process that dr. blasey ford describes about how she was outed is frightening and disgusting. she want… 
“sexual assault victims should have the right to decide if and when their stories are revealed,” dr blasey ford says. #kavanaghhearing
“i thought it was my civic duty to relay information about a prospective nominee since he was on the short list,” d… 
“i convinced myself not to talk about it since brett didn’t rape me. women always find excuses not to come forward… 
dr. blasey ford says she drank one beer. brett and mark were visibly drunk. she wanted to use the bathroom. she was… 
she remembers  boys at the house. names them. summer event. spur of the moment gathering. she doesn’t remember all… 
“i am terrified,” dr. blasey ford says. her voice is cracking. it is obvious that she does not want to do this. wha… 
 - “is this the best we can do?“ #kavanaughconfirmationhearing #kavanaughhearings
 is pointing out that even anita hill’s accusations were investigated by the fbi.  refused t… 
the republican senators all are looking down and not at the witness or the audience. #kavanaughconfirmationhearings
this is reminiscent of the salem witch trials. dr. blasey ford has published  peer reviewed articles. her credentials are stunning.
the mood is tense. it seems like everyone is expecting an explosive outcry. i feel like women are being tried all o… 
grassley is flustered and defensive. his arguments are baseless. he can’t even pronounce victim ramirez’s last name. #kavanaughwithdrawnow
the ⁦⁩ heading to ⁦⁦⁩ to tell him we have her back, and we’re not going back. 
it’s not he said, she said. it’s he said, she said, she said, she said.
let’s remember this is a character interview, not a criminal trial. if rachel mitchell treats dr. blasey ford like… 
we hear the survivors of sexual assault at the hands of judge kavanaugh, we believe the survivors, and we are just… 
i don’t know about you, but i’m not interested in appointing a supreme court justice for life who has specialized i… 
i just spoke on the house floor and voted against the faa reauthorization act of  in part because of the #faa r… 
. gathered w/  today to make one thing crystal clear to dr. blasey ford and the millions… 
. judiciary committee members hired a female lawyer to avoid the “optics” of a row of old, white men gril… 
is there any doubt that senate republicans have pulled out all the stops to get kavanaugh confirmed? rigged system!… 
dissatisfied w/ your federal, state &amp; local representatives? don’t just complain, #vote. if you’re happy with the j… 
the #lwcf protects our treasured #publiclands - like the #ggnra - supports . million jobs, and costs taxpayers no… 
earth to senators: cut your losses. all you need to know about kavanaugh is what’s in his yearbook—he treats women… 
gorsuch sailed through the senate confirmation process because there weren’t any skeletons in his closet. kavanaugh… 
#pregnantwomenincustody deserve a national standard of care. i’m proud to join   in introdu… 
so it’s an outrage when a man comes forward  years later and alleges sexual assault by a priest, but a woman who… 
honored to host my annual service academy information night. they offer a top notch education to a selected bright… 
the women who bravely wrote this letter are absolutely right! it’s been almost  year since #metoo went viral and i… 
these aren’t cases of misunderstandings or political attacks. there is an undeniable, severe, and pervasive pattern… 
grabbing a woman under the table at sardi’s, groping women sitting next to you on flights, and forcing your tongue… 
who knows how many sexual assaults he’s committed in his lifetime? at least  women have publicly accused  o… 
he bragged to access hollywood about “grabbing them by the pussy” and getting away with it. he paid off numerous wo… 
no matter how malignant or vicious they are,  believes the men because he has a history of doing the same thing.
according to ,  out of  sexual assaults go unreported to the police. and it’s no wonder. look at t… 
that includes , who has scorned a survivor of sexual assault for not going to the police when she was -year… 
i am about to share my outrage about the horrible treatment of dr. ford with  mercy girls. we believe you. we ha… 
this is a railroaded nomination process and  and  had better put a stop to it. women are… 
it’s no mystery why   &amp; gop  members don’t want mark judge, an admitted peeping tom… 
there is misogyny in the u.s. senate pure and simple, whether it’s trying to undercut the caa reform act or the way… 
there is a disdain for women that is emanating from the u.s. senate that has a pungent, rotten odor. 
why on earth would dr. blasey ford participate in a biased inquiry – the proof of which can be found in… 
 : "this is going to replay of anita hill's testimony" if there is no investigation into kavanaugh allegations   it sugges…
dr. blasey ford is acting smartly &amp; professionally. she is asking for a nonpartisan investigation. she has nothing… 
about to speak to ⁦⁩ about the kavanaugh sexual assault allegation. i believe dr. ford. 
the drip, drip, drip begins. women in the courts are now going to speak up, i bet. 
 : [thread] sexual assault is a serious claim. i joined my fellow  leaders   &amp;  dem…
polls show ’ strongest supporters - non-college educated whites - want congress to do its job &amp; serve as a ch… 
glad to hear that  is doing well and cracking jokes. his fighting spirit in congress and life serve as… 
like father, like son. don jr. just doesn’t get it. making light of sexual assault and equating it with a school ya… 
i believe dr ford. no woman comes forward to disclose the pain &amp; humiliation of a sexual assault without knowing sh… 
i stand w/ california janitors taking a stand against harassment, assault, and rape on the job - especially the nig… 
bravo  for appointing  president! having a practicing physician who has successfully thwarted… 
.’s attacks against u.s. progress in the fight against #globalwarming threaten our very survival. proud that… 
as the vawa deadline approaches, congress must fight to protect resources for millions of abuse victims. for the … 
. regularly lies to suit his needs, but it’s especially disgusting when his distortions deny the humanity of… 
the wheels are coming off the  bus. americans who were giving him the benefit of doubt now doubt 's ability, sanity and honesty.
what better way to spend / than being with our local law enforcement to hear about issues they’re dealing with e… 
 : big thanks to congresswoman  for meeting with the san mateo county police chiefs &amp; sheriffs association today…
today, we honor the lives lost on #septemberth &amp; our commitment to the american values that helped us heal/rebuil… 
it’s beyond time to call it what it is. trump’s behavior is not normal, dangerous and unbecoming of the presidency.… 
dismissive, non-response from  to my concerns about detention facility conditions &amp; status of separated pare… 
judge kavanaugh’s email from  confirms our worst fears. he said, “i am not sure that all legal scholars refer t… 
when you lie about the little things, you lie about the big things. 
anonymous and your colleagues of like mind must come forward to congress. we cannot afford to allow  to use h… 
. says “i think it’s embarrassing for the country to allow protesters.” his ignorance about the constitution… 
woodward’s book exposes potus’ “nervous breakdown” and closest aides are so concerned they are telling press potus… 
the best example about what america is and isn’t is embodied in the funeral service of . every studen… 
this is unconscionable for any nation with a moral compass. i was joined by  colleagues in sending a letter urgin… 
it is heartening and reassuring to see republicans and democrats honor the remarkable life of john mccain. he was a… 
.'s draft regs on sexual harassment &amp; violence in our schools fail to keep our students safe. no more… 
was honored to pin navy veteran mohammed hussain of san bruno with his national defense service medal and sea servi… 
if you need any more convincing that we must finally address gun violence, look at this stunning statistic: in … 
.: "do not despair of our present difficulties but believe always in the promise and greatness of ame… 
on #womensequalityday, we must #uniteforjustice to protect a woman's right to choose and #stopkavanaugh's nomination to the supreme court!
while we honor the brave wmn who fought for the vote, we can’t forget that wmn in the u.s. are still subject to the… 
i so enjoyed meeting with my  summer interns. they presented outstanding bill ideas. if they are representative… 
senator mccain continues to inspire us with his bravery. he is a true american hero, an exemplar of civility and bi… 
devos is twisting herself into a pretzel trying to undo legislative intent by giving schools the right to buy guns. she will lose in court.
. doesn’t get it. the attorney general works for the american people. he is not the potus attorney. the ag’s… 
delusional, self-promoting  will ignore all norms and cross any red line. republicans need to stop closing th… 
secretary devos’ plan to arm teachers and pay for it with mental health funding is dangerous and not what americans… 
no president should be able to pardon an individual who is a person of interest in a criminal investigation of the…  the purging of the , voters from the rolls in georgia is one of the most intentional cases of voter suppressi… 
divisive political rhetoric motivates violent individuals and domestic terrorists who commit hate crimes against innocent people.
as we mourn with and pray for those affected by shootings in jeffersontown, ky and pittsburgh, pa last week, let us… 
update: saturday's shooting was an example of the violence that continues to plague our country.  we now know  pe… 
it has been an exciting two days discussing stream with educators, executives and students. tomorrow, the neostream… 
i commend the heroism of our secret service officers, capitol officials, and first responders who tirelessly keep u… 
today's bomb threats are nothing short of domestic terrorism.  i pray for the safety of my colleagues and those res… 
did you know by , . million stem jobs will go unfilled?  we must prepare our children for the future. the fut… 
the  neostream community day is just  days away!  employers will be onsite ready to hire on the spot!  come ob… 
the neostream  conference begins next week! bring the entire family to community day on october  for a fun an… 
today i joined more than  house democrats in signing a letter to sec. devos calling on the release of informatio… 
did you know women and children worldwide suffer the most serious effects of hunger and malnutrition? today, i figh… 
mark norris joins an overwhelmingly white, male, young, and extremely conservative group with a track record of opp… 
norris sponsored a resolution prohibiting the removal of confederate monuments from parks and public spaces in tenn… 
last week, senate republicans confirmed mark norris as a u.s. district judge for the western district of tennessee.… 
erecting barriers that specifically disenfranchise voters who use a p. o. box rather than a street address is not p… 
the doj has failed to protect #votingrights since the day jeff sessions walked in the door, reversing decisions on… 
republican senators showed once again that they don’t really care about civil rights.  thursday’s confirmation of e… 
i am saddened &amp; disheartened at the lengths georgia officials will go to so boldly silence the voices of their cons… 
once again, republicans are spearheading an effort to disenfranchise , georgians.  % are african-american an… 
if your vote wasn’t so powerful, they wouldn’t keep trying to take it from you. #suppressionsaga   
good news for social security – next year’s cola will be . percent. with the rising costs seniors face, we must c… 
early voting starts today! cast your ballot now and avoid long lines on election day.  get voting information via… 
today is the last day to register to vote!  click the link to get registered!  
it's morally wrong to have federal judges and prosecutors who enforce federal law in u.s. territories who are nomin… 
more than nine million american citizens are denied the same right to vote that they would enjoy if living in anoth… 
he may have violated the very laws he is sworn to uphold.  my heart goes out to all victims of sexual assault. i st… 
judge kavanaugh is unfit to be a judge especially on the highest court in the land. thursday, he showed the nation… 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on… 
in observance of yom kippur, i am wishing our jewish community in oh- and around the world an easy and meaningful fast.

th annual greek forum 
today, sen. murphy (d-conn.) and i introduced the strength in diversity act of . if signed into law, this bill… 
click the link to read my opening remarks.  
today, i attended the first meeting of the farm bill conference committee. it is my hope that my fellow conferees a… 
i encourage you to enjoy your families today and remember to celebrate the over  million workers in our civilian… 
withdrawing pay increases for federal employees is a callous attack on public servants and their families.  this mo… 
sec. devos and the doe should work to make college campuses safer, not further silence the voices of survivors of s… 
today i joined more than  house democrats in signing a letter to secretary betsy devos calling on the department… 
 : on this day,  years ago, martin luther king delivered one of the greatest orations in american history: read and watch the…
sending my sincerest sympathy to the family of  during this difficult time. america lost not only a p… 
 exemplifies bravery - in the military and in the senate. always putting country first, he is a true… 
 exemplifies bravery - in the military and in the senate. always putting country first, he is a true… 
congratulations to the cleveland clinic for being listed as one of ’s  top hospitals for… 
it is outrageous for sec. devos to make guns a priority rather than the education of students. she deprives the cou… 
today is black women’s equal pay day.  black women had to work all of  and  months into  to make what whit… 
today marks the rd anniversary of the voting rights act of .  fifty-three years later, we still face attacks… 
 : dem lawmaker: "it's a probability" that next speaker will be black  
i am saddened by the passing of former congressman, ron dellums.  as one of the founding members of the cbc, his vi… 

don't forget to come to the town hall meeting tomorrow at friendly inn settlement house. go to… 
i didn't give up . it was pointless to ask her anything because she knew nothing. 
i am proud to be an original co-sponsor of the #aimhigher act.  this bill empowers students and parents with better… 
 : today marks the ️⃣️⃣️⃣-year anniversary of the emerald necklace! #timetoexplore 
join me for a town hall meeting saturday, july  at friendly inn settlement house.  you will have the opportunity… 
it is a national embarrassment for the president to take the word of a despot, dictator, murderer and former russia… 

there is still time to show your oh- pride! click on the images to see contest rules and photo criteria. #iamoh 
by freezing the $ billion program stabilizing health insurance markets under #aca, millions of people and small b… 
today i introduced the fair access for farmers and ranchers act of  to connect producers to available farm, cre… 
congratulations to the oh- students who returned from the annual  chinese bridge summer camp program. underst… 
the stakes are too high. questions must be answered before the senate votes on kavanaugh’s nomination for #scotus.… 
hearing about the heroic effort that occurred during the #thaicaverescue is inspiring. seeing people come together… 
inbox or direct message (dm) me on my social media accounts:   (twitter and ig)   (f… 
are you proud to call the th district your home? help me showcase what makes oh- the best location in the natio… 
today we celebrate the birth of american independence.  as we spend the day enjoying  fireworks, parades, backyard… 
it’s clear that this administration does not believe in diversity. guidelines that promoted equitable access to qua… 
cleveland and all of northeast ohio are grateful to the  and all law enforcement agencies for ensuring the safe… 
to call the police on a child cutting grass knowing young boys like tamir rice and others have innocently died by t… 
today i introduced the parent plus loan improvement act because all students are deserving of a quality higher educ… 
 : the #scotus decision in #janusvafscme is yet another attack on working people – the backbone of our country.   we know whe…
today is #nationalhivtestingday. it is always important to #knowyourstatus. for more information on where to get te… 
the supreme court decided shelby county v. holder five years ago, more than two dozen states have enacted anti-vote… 
imagine members of congress cheering as they take food out of the mouths of children. that’s what happened today wh… 
it's a chilling reminder that no african american is exempt from racial profiling when a group of professional wome… 
don’t show us staged images. show us the pictures and videos depicting the conditions migrant girls are being held.… 
this administration blames democrats. all it takes is an executive order to reunite #immigrantchildren with their f… 
 : "i will work until i think i'm at a place where i feel comfortable, and then i will work some more." see the full interv…
our country lost an unsung hero of the civil rights movement earlier this week – sclc ed. director, dorothy cotton.… 
let’s go ! game time! #whateverittakes #nbafinals #game 
 : attention! less than  hours remain to submit a pre-application for the housing choice voucher program lottery. don’t…
 : #otd  years ago, u.s. and allied forces stormed the beaches of normandy and changed the course of wwii. today, we hon…
let us pray for the strength and continued focus for the muslim community as they enter the final  days of… 
game time in less than an hour! let’s #gocavs! #whateverittakes #nbafinals 
the cleveland chapter of    is hosting an open mic night for local students affected by gun violence to… 
join supporters of   in honoring national gun violence awareness day for a family friendly cookout in ak… 
we may be down, but we're not out ! on to game ! #nbafinals #gocavs #whateverittakes
today is the start of #wearorangeweekend. wear your orange today to give  voice to the  americans who are killed… 
 : cmha will be accepting pre-applications for the housing choice voucher program lottery, june -. during this time, in…
it’s game night! i’ll be watching and rooting for  and the  tonight! #game  #nbafinals #gocavs… 
tomorrow is national gun violence awareness day and the ﬁrst day of wear orange weekend! remember to #wearorange to… 
the #wagegap between mothers &amp; non-mothers is greater than the gap between women &amp; men. the gap is actually larger… 
mothers have to work through // in order to make what fathers made in  alone. mothers of color have to w… 
congratulations to the cleveland  on winning the  eastern conf. championship and making it to the… 
today we honor our veterans and our fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. we will always r… 
here is a list of #memorialday parades that are happening around the th congressional district. i hope you and yo… 
this #memorialdayweekend lets remember tuskegee airman rutherford brice’s pioneering service in the military might… 
looking for a way to celebrate your favorite veteran this #memorialdayweekend here are a few family-friendly events… 
on #nationalmissingchildrensday may we remember those who have gone missing, pray for their safe return, and thank… 
 : thank you, , for questioning secretary  about her department's enforcement of our nation's…
in  days, foster youth from across the country will be meeting with members of congress to help our government imp… 
i am saddened to hear about yet another school shooting. my heart goes out to the families and santa fe community.… 
i attended the #growwithgoogle event today and was pleased to see that google is invested in helping prepare people… 
 : watch our press conference on the #jobsandjustice omnibus legislation we’re introducing.  
today i joined  and members of the cbc in presenting the jobs and justice act which proposes solutions… 
at 's #dstgunreform press conference today, i assured members and friends of dst that "i believe in the… 
this week we honor the heroes of health care for #nationalnursesweek! we celebrate all nurses who show us outstandi… 
we can thank our teachers this week and every day by ensuring equitable allocation of resources to schools, recogni… 
what: press conference  when: wednesday, may ,  : a.m. – : a.m.  where: delta sigma theta headquarters… 
if you are in d.c. tomorrow, join me at a presser hosted by delta sigma theta  at  a.m. i will be supp… 
changes in weekly wages from - (adjusted for inflation):  public-school teachers: -$ per week other colle… 
teachers are among our nation's most valuable assets. i’m proud to support 's resolution calling for r… 
more than , youth enter the foster care system every year. this may, national foster care month recognizes fo… 
my statement on agriculture committee chairman’s call for a loyalty pledge on house farm bill 
after adding $t to the deficit with their #goptaxscam, congressional republicans and the administration now want t… 
it is up to all of us to continue to combat the negative effects of global warming, and to conserve the precious re… 
i am deeply disappointed the conservation title remains the target for funding cuts. according to cbo, this farm bi… 
simply having a job is not enough to lift someone out of poverty. teachers across america are striking for better w… 
snap is the country's most effective anti-hunger program, helping  in  americans afford a basic diet, with most r… 
the #goptaxscam means hardworking americans will pay more. while republicans claim we cannot afford medicaid, medic… 
#teamfudge was more than happy to lend a couple of hands. #keepakronbeautiful 
attention th congressional district high school students, the deadline for this year's congressional art competit… 
the #paycheckfairnessact has been introduced every congress since  as a way to close a loophole in the equal pa… 
while today is equal pay day, this is not true for all women. black women will have to work until august ,  to… 
the wage gap is not determined by what field a woman enters into, what her education level is, or even her race. th… 
the wage gap is not only a women's issue it is a problem that affects all members of our society. when women lose o… 
since today is #equalpayday i will be doing a thread on the disparities that women face because they are continuous… 
 : it's #nationallibraryweek! hi, . #thisiscle 
 please visit  to find more information about different events throughout the county.
urban farmers please be sure to attend this free workshop. at the workshop you will learn about high tunnel systems… 
 : breaking: the number of women running for seats in the u.s. house of representatives sets a record with  women filing candidacy…
today we honor the memory of dr.martin luther king jr. who lost his life while trying to correct the civil injustic… 
 : thank you deltas for coming out in force today to oppose judicial nomination of thomas farr at  press conference. we…
 : thank you to all our wonderful speakers today and a very special thank you to  for hearing these important…
visit the downtown cleveland public library, to see this beautiful portrait featuring my dear friend stephanie tubb… 
 : several of our branch libraries offer sensory story times for children of all ages with differing abilities, their siblin…
today is a day filled with family,optimism, and the promise of a better and brighter tomorrow. happy #easter to all… 
#passover is a time to commemorate the liberation story of jewish people from slavery in egypt. a time to symbolica… 
great suggestion! these little changes can go a long way 
today we celebrate the life of crystal bird fauset.  she was the first black female state legislator in america.  i… 
a citizenship question is another fear tactic brought on by this administration to silence immigrants. … 
 : we send our thoughts and prayers to linda brown’s loved ones. may she rest in power. the struggle to end “separate but equ…
with ohio currently having the th highest adult obesity rate in the nation. we all should try to eat a little bet… 
great to see oh- come together and fight for comprehensive gun control laws  #marchforourlives #gunreformnow 
 : museums are essential! we join  in thanking  for signing on to this year's  office of museum…
yesterday’s announcement designating lake erie’s western basin as impaired highlights the need for the collaborativ… 
hundreds of millions of new dollars to support public transit projects and an additional $ billion to support tige… 
$. billion in new funding to help fight the opioid epidemic  $ million increase to support food banks  $ billio… 
$ million increase in funding for head start programs  $ million increase in title  grants that will go towa… 
today we voted on the #omnibus, while i disagreed with the process, many of my priorities were included in the fina… 
a clean lake erie is essential to our ecosystem in ohio and beyond.  we must protect and support our great lake.… 
sex trafficking robs far too many women &amp; children of their rights, lives, &amp; dignity. that’s why i voted for the fi… 
each year, the women of  descend upon capitol hill to use our collective voices to stand up for our comm… 
i am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my colleague and friend congresswoman louise slaughter. she was a tr… 
 : 👍🏀win column🏀👍  picked up  win no.  today vs. s. dakota st. the buckeyes own an overall…
 : what a great opportunity to see  - thank you for always seeing the #valuechcs bring! 
 : thank you to felix of 's office for the discussion on increasing women and underrepresented minorities i…
 : thank you to the people of ohio's th district. and thank you to my colleagues and everyone who made this honor so spec…
 : great seeing the women of  – including the inimitable  and  – at delta days at the…
one month after the horrific shooting at #parkland, students across the nation and in ohio are using their voice to… 
 : our kids deserve better. 
happy th birthday, ! 
i am pleased  has continued to support akron’s transformation into a st century city. 
this #internationalwomensday, let us celebrate the many contributions women have made throughout history and recomm… 
 : read the letter the cbc,  &amp;  sent to : .  …
on the rd anniversary of #bloodysunday, let us recommit to rejecting intolerance and injustice in all forms, and… 
 : thanks to  for saying hi to our  and  students who are from the district! #doday …
 : the entire ohio delegation agrees: camp ravenna is the ideal location for the new east coast missile defense site.   https:…
thank you to the  and local partners for cleaning up the arco recycling site in east cleveland. the cleanup… 
happy th birthday, ohio! 
#janusvafscme comes down to a binary choice: will the u.s. stand up for the fundamental right of workers to form a… 
 : black congresswomen: , , , , , rep.  a…
on average, aapi women work  extra months to earn what a white man earns in a year. but on #aapiequalpay day, we k… 
 : young people have helped lead all our great movements. how inspiring to see it again in so many smart, fearless students s…
today, i joined  to call for hearings on school shootings. praying is not enough.… 
 : #medicaid is health insurance for the most vulnerable american families, / of our people. forcing work requirements on…
my thoughts and prayers are with the students and their families in parkland, florida. we find ourselves in a place… 
 :  &amp;  introduce a bill to bolster  and economic revitalization in underserved…
the lack of access to healthy and nutritious food undermines the health and well-being of our communities. pleased… 
 : we had a great conversation w/ ’s office on how we are integrating schools and health with our #healthyc…
 :  addresses  presidents and trustees about federal budget impact on community colleges. thank you…
 : thanks to  for speaking to campus leaders at the ohio community college national summit luncheon today. we are…
happy founders’ day, ! #makehistory 
i voted to support this budget agreement because i could not, in good conscience, vote against a measure that will… 
 : incredible. republicans have shut the government down for the second time in less than one month despite being in charge…
today we remember and celebrate #rosaparks on what would have been her th birthday. 
thank you to everyone who joined me and  executive director  to discuss the impact of th… 
my town hall is underway! there's still time to join us in akron! #oh 
don’t forget i’m hosting a town hall on the new tax law in summit county today! i’ll be joined by … 
 : today i joined w/ my colleagues , , &amp;  to make clear that ohioans lose if …
 : thank you  for being a leader for healthy soils &amp; clean water with the "collaborative water and soil enhanc…
my thoughts and prayers goes out to all involved with the tragic train crash involving my republican colleagues.
this saturday, i will be hosting a town hall in summit county to discuss the new tax law’s impact on you and your f… 
i'll be on  at am to discuss the president's first state of the union address. #sotu
my statement on the president's state of the union address:  #sotu 
 : it’s wonderful to hear that  wants to fight opioid addiction. he should start by requesting congress quick…
 : $. trillion could fix a lot of crumbling roads and bridges – all of them, in fact.  #goptaxscam #sotu …
 : much like the money he inherited from his father to start his business,  inherited the low black unemploym…
 : #sotu fact-check: the #goptaxscam gives permanent tax cuts for corporations, but only temporary relief for middle class…
 : during president trump’s first year in office, workers have been under attack. #sotu #protectworkers … the #wrda legislation signed into law last week included my amendment to advance aquatic #invasivespecies research… 
happy national cat day from all the nolan office cats, who of course consider everyday cat day! #nationalcatday… 
make no mistake, our nation's skyrocketing trade deficit with #china has reached a tipping point. #congress &amp; the… 
it’s a car…it’s a train…no, it’s duluth’s new electric buses! we were successful in securing a $. million federal… 
today marks the th anniversary of the tragic death of sen. paul wellstone. let us all reflect on the positive cha… 
our bipartisan pleas to  to authorize $ million in #wrda funding to build a new ,-foot-long lock in sa… 
 years ago today, the conversion of the iconic aerial lift bridge in #duluth was completed. this historic and awe… 
october is #breastcancerawareness month. want to estimate your risk of developing invasive #breastcancer? take the… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
the #goptaxscam promised relief to the middle class - but it actually delivered a bonanza of profits to millionaire… 
#zerohunger in the us &amp; across the world has been a priority for me since i introduced &amp; passed leg. establishing t… 
union solidarity works and the agreements between the united steelworkers, cleveland-cliffs, and united states stee… 
had a wonderful time pheasant #hunting this weekend with life-long #friends ron worms (left) and roger peterson (ri… 
today is #nationalfarmersday! thank you to all of the #farmers who are working hard every day to feed our families… 
today’s cola announcement of .% is good news! but we need #socialsecurity benefits to keep up w/ the rising costs… 
who doesn’t love a good bowl of #homemade chili after a cold, rainy, windy day? i know i sure do! 
#worldmentalhealthday provides a great opportunity to build a better understanding of #mentalillness. we need to co… 
heavy rain and strong wind is wreaking havoc across the northland today. waves on #lakesuperior are as high as  f… 
nearly  years have passed and the american people are still waiting for the  &amp;  leaders to follow throug… 
it's an honor to be recognized by , with the golden triangle award, as a farm &amp; food champion in #congress. p… 
in minnesota, we tend to do things differently.  native daniel dremel proved the point by setting the… 
anecdotal evidence and news reports from all around the country indicate that the despicable practice of student lu… 
 promised – back in may - that pharmaceutical companies would make “voluntary massive drops in prices”.  yet… 
i have always said, we should never be afraid of exploration and discovery, whether here on #earth or in the heaven… 
mn miners, manufacturers, farmers, &amp; small businesses rely on fair trade to grow our economy. i’m pleased #nafta .… 
 year ago today, the tragic #lasvegasshooting killed  people and wounded  – making it the deadliest mass shoo… 
in the greatest food producing nation in the world, no child should ever be punished or denied a healthy &amp; nutritio… 
the house passed my provision today to advance opioid recovery treatment as a part of the 'suppo patients and com… 
#drblaseyford was remarkably compelling, credible, authentic, and heartfelt. i believe her  percent. there’s an… 
two of my amendments were included in the -year faa reauthorization bill passed by the house - a “one-pager” airli… 
as we mark national #voterregistrationday, i'm urging #congress to pass my #restoredemocracy legislation, which enc… 
it was a standing room only at a cloverdale town hall meeting on monday where  &amp;  commissioner… 
pleased to announce two more important grants for #mn. the  announced $,, in community developm… 
two of our nation’s biggest victories for #civilrights took place on september . in , president eisenhower or… 
in rural america, quality #broadband is essential to our ability to compete. i joined … 
#congress not  appropriates money for fed. agencies. yet, he has robbed $ million for programs like cancer… 
make no mistake, 's destructive plan to cut social security, medicare, &amp; medicaid to give the super-rich &amp; mult… 
the supreme court's decision to require big-dollar donors to campaigns for tv ads be disclosed is a huge victory in… 
i joined    &amp;  other lawmakers in sending  this letter, reminding… 
september is #suicidepreventionmonth. each year nearly , people die as a result of suicide - making it the t… 
it’s hard to believe – in the wealthiest nation on earth – our teachers have to sell their plasma, forgo doctor vis… 
today, i demanded justification &amp; an explanation from omb director  for the president’s decision to… 
we are pleased to announce a total of nearly $. million in grants from the  and . the funding will c… 
#minnesota's working families need affordable, quality #childcare that doesn’t break the bank. that’s why i am a pr… 
#socialsecurity and #medicare are earned benefits americans have paid for from their first day on the job. the… 
turns out that handing out massive tax cuts to the super-rich &amp; big corporations wasn’t such a good idea. according… 
federal workers are the backbone of our government. they wake up every day and go to work on the people’s business… 
today, and always, we remember the heroism, bravery, and sacrifice of our first responders on /; the families wh… 
we are pleased to announce nearly $. million in grants from the , the , and . the funding will… 
the  op-ed is evidence that chaos &amp; dysfunction in the  have reached a level not seen since wate… 
partisan gerrymandering has contributed to a rigged political and economic system that works for the benefit of a p… 
it’s so important that we pay it forward to the brave men &amp; women in uniform who serve our country so honorably her… 
they're not going back to kansas, but if you’re a "wizard of oz" fan like me - you’ll be happy to know - the ruby r… 
best wishes to all the kids &amp; young adults heading #backtoschool &amp; hats off to the teachers &amp; staff for all they do… 
the  hour week, paid vacations &amp; sick leave, a secure retirement, &amp; a safe working environment have helped to dou… 
this is exciting and something everybody in duluth and across the region can feel good about! i am happy to have he… 
kicking off the labor day weekend fishing with two good #friends on . lake superior is a fantastic and… 
getting our share of federal grants back to #mn for worthwhile projects is important - that’s why i’m pleased to… 
great news for our region –  announces $ million restoration &amp; cleanup plan for former duluth works site on s… 
congress needs to conduct oversight hearings to get to the truth and determine what can be learned in order to prep… 
contrary to ’s assessment, hurricane maria has proved to be a disaster of major proportion. the upd… 
 years ago, #mlk jr. delivered his iconic "i have a dream" speech at the march on washington for jobs &amp; freedom.… 
you can't govern from a call center: it's time to put a stop to campaign fundraising when congress is in session!… 
my heart goes out to the victims, families, and friends who experienced such great loss in #jacksonville over the w… 
america has lost a true patriot and the senate has lost a lion. godspeed john mccain.
we salute  for his exemplary and courageous service to our great nation. 
a laker ship loaded with taconite pellets passing under the #duluth aerial lift bridge at #sunrise is a site worth… 
the department of education should not use federal funding to purchase guns for educators. this program is meant to… 
fraud indictments against #paulmanafort  &amp; guilty plea by #michaelcohen have proven the #muellerinvestigation is no… 
campaigning  days a year? that’s just crazy! my #restoredemocracy revolution would limit the campaign season to… 
i’m pleased to report that since january ,   programs in #mn have been awarded nearly $. mil… 
thank you cathy baudeck for your letter to the editor in the hibbing tribune on our work cracking down on trade che… 
 yrs ago, president lbj signed the #votingrightsact. in mississippi, voter turnout among black citizens increased… 
members of congress aren't elected by their constituents to dial for dollars in washington like middle-level telema… 
lung cancer is one of the most common cancers worldwide, claiming more lives yearly than breast, colon &amp; prostate c… 
august st marked #worldlungcancerday. leaders, advocates, caretakers, &amp; survivors around the world are taking it o… 
life-saving prescription drugs shouldn’t cost an arm or a leg. that’s why i’m fighting #forthepeople and calling to… 
publication of d printed gun blueprints would be extremely dangerous. it would allow convicted felons, firearm tra… 
 years ago today, lyndon b. johnson signed #medicare &amp; #medicaid into law alongside former president truman. now,… 
my plastic &amp; micro-plastic pollution reduction amendment was passed by the house this week as a part of the save ou… 
congress is broken and we need to fix it. that’s why i introduced the go to washington – go to work act with… 
the u.s. house of representatives passed my bipartisan bill, the career &amp; technical education act. the measure is n… 
the gop continued their attack on military veterans, seniors, the disabled, &amp; children by voting to block an amendm… 
every u.s. president, except , has recognized the old soviet union, now russia, for what it is – am… 
today we launched our #medicareforall caucus with over  members of congress committed to passing healthcare legis… 
 : today  and i introduced bipartisan legislation that bans members of congress from attending, speaking, and…
it’s time to change the way we do politics &amp; restore people’s confidence in our great american democracy. that’s wh… 
it's outrageous &amp; unprecedented that  would publicly dismiss russian meddling in our elections less… 
thanks to university of minnesota president eric kaler for his service, leadership, and commitment to student achie… 
i agree with  #lunchshaming students who are unable to pay for their meals at school through no fau… 
i stand with millions of americans facing an uncertain future as their retirement security is threatened through no… 
#gop leadership sided with #bigmoney &amp; donor-driven agendas over working families, sweeping campaign finance reform… 
it was an honor to give the opening remarks at the lung cancer alliance th national advocacy summit congressional… 
happy american pet photo day! i made a new furry friend this morning, meet “rocky,” a rescued cat. i stopped by the… 
"if your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” happy birthd… 
the most egregious aspect of judge kavanaugh’s nomination to the supreme court is his notion that the president sho… 
our nation was built on the idea that we can work together in the name of progress by setting political partisanshi… 
environmental protection agency head scott pruitt’s announcement to resign his position is the right one. after mon… 
welcome back to another #askrickanything! this week, i answer your questions about working across the aisle on infr… 
happy independence day from mary and me! we wish you a fun and safe holiday. and remember to take time to thank tho… 
it was great showing our mncd  congressional art competition winner davinia gangl the spot where her artwork… 
the american people don’t want more excuses, they want immediate reunification of immigrant children with their par… 
breaking: the u.s. house of representatives just passed my amendment that adds $ million to fund lung cancer resea… 
the unprecedented supreme court ruling in janus v. afscme is an example of our country’s highest court tipping the… 
despite marriage equality becoming law of the land, #lgbtq people still risk being fired from their job or denied h… 
our democracy only works when elections are free &amp; fair and all eligible voters are able to cast a ballot. on the a… 
hats off to the mn dept. of veterans affairs , the epa mid-continent ecology division laboratory, mn fish &amp; wildlif… 
congress needs to pass an immigration bill that truly reflects our nation’s family values and provides the resource… 
we stand united!  #endfamilyseparation #familiesbelongtogether 
mr. president, man up and use your authority to immediately put a stop to the immoral, horrific separation of immig… 
breaking: putting young children in cages is not border protection. it's child abuse &amp; it's time to put a stop to i… 
on june ,  the iconic physicist, pilot &amp; astronaut sally ride became the st american woman in space. from ca… 
hats off to the organizers, volunteers, and participants for another successful grandma’s marathon. and congratulat… 
my grandson mitchell loves showing his gramps how to catch the big fish. he just reeled in fathers day dinner! i wi… 
the national aeronautic association’s robert j. collier trophy recognizes the world’s first single-engine personal… 
today marked the celebration &amp; release of the brand new  quarter by the u.s. mint. the  so aptl… 
yesterday’s $ billion sweetheart deal between at&amp;t &amp; time warner with absolutely no conditions is truly concernin… 
the old adage “school’s out for summer” sounds appealing. but the simple truth is, many families struggle finding a… 
it’s important to protect our national borders, but the president’s shameful, terrible, &amp; unnecessary policy of sep… 
it was great seeing the ambassador of #finland to the us, kirsti kauppi. #finnish americans continue to contribute… 
i joined my democratic colleagues in sending a letter to  encouraging further diplomatic relations… 
today, the repeal of net neutrality rules becomes official. the simple fact is, #netneutrality is the foundation of… 
breaking: the u.s. house of representatives passed my bipartisan amendment last night, doubling the u.s. army corps… 
although the  didn’t make the big game, it didn’t stop  #minnesota natives from enjoying a #stanleycup win… 
duluth sky harbor airport will be the recipient of a dot $,, discretionary grant to construct runway /.… 
breaking: us house of reps. passed my bipartisan amendment expressing the sense of congress that the construction o… 
remembering bobby kennedy today, we think of his message of hope and inspiration - reminding us that politics and p… 
breaking: the u.s. house of representatives today passed my bipartisan north country national scenic trail route ad… 
thousands of people defrauded by private, for-profit colleges have been left holding the bag for millions of dollar… 
good thing the u.s. economy added some , new jobs in may. in places like minnesota's rural th district it ca… 
with bipartisan support, i passed an amendment to the ndaa ensuring that all our troops are publicly accounted for… 
invasive zebra mussels spread deadly infections to our loons &amp; destroy sport &amp; commercial fishing habitat. my aquat… 
moms in the workplace make  cents compared to every $ dads in the workplace make. simply put, that’s not fair. t… 
the house last week unanimously passed my bipartisan amendment to the national defense authorization act declaring… 
you can help open a new front in the battle against opioid addiction &amp; abuse by sending me your comments on our dra… 
from the fields of lexington and concord, to the beaches of france, to the mountains of afghanistan, on this memori… 
after a long week of meetings in washington, it’s always nice to get home and work on the tractor. 
may is national foster care month, i'm proud to support the #fosteryouthvoices in my district. as a member of the c… 
today i introduced an amendment to the ndaa that would strip all funding authorizations for the oco fund for fiscal… 
it's #nationalmaritimeday, a day that recognizes america's merchant marine's for all the great contributions and sa… 
house rules committee blocked all amendments offered to the economic growth, regulatory relief and consumers protec… 
the simple truth is, the #gopfarmbill abandoned process, democracy, and our nation's farmers – resulting in its fai… 
it saddens me that our nation is yet again confronted with another deadly school shooting in texas. this is a remin… 
the simple truth is that process matters. if the process fails, the outcome fails. and that is exactly what has hap… 
#goptaxscam shortchanges middle class working families who deserve real tax reform. six months after the bill was s… 
thanks for working on what americans need - universal single payer health care, college for all, raising the minimu… 
through #chip, some  million needy children across the nation receive quality health care. the president is demand… 
happy th birthday minnesota! on this date, in , the “land of , lakes,” entered the union as the nd gr… 
today underscores the importance of #diplomacy as the three american prisoners freed from north korea arrived back… 
yesterday senate democrats filed a petition to vote to stop the repeal of net neutrality. the internet should be fr… 
hope you'll take a look at this  piece, “nolan bill goes extra mile for charity”, referring to the… 
from bemidji to ely, international falls to pine city, duluth to two harbors &amp; everything in between, mn has a lot… 
thank you to every teacher speaking out for their students across the country. our kids are the future of our great… 
the president’s decision to pull the u.s. out of the #irandeal is reckless, unwarranted, and it moves the world one… 
ever had a question for congressman rick nolan? our #askrickanything video series provides constituents a chance to… 
when things get chaotic in washington, there is nothing better than enjoying some peace and quiet and maybe even a… 
gop blew up bipartisan, urban-rural coalition essential to passing a farm bill through both chambers &amp; risk doing i… 
want to take part in drafting legislation to combat the opioid crisis? visit  where you can… 
last week, i introduced legislation to boost the irs reimbursement rates for charitable drivers from  cents to … 
may is military appreciation month. america’s obligation to our military veterans is permanent and sacred. we must… 
the house passed my bipartisan amendment requiring airlines to provide a simple one page explanation of consumer ri… 
mary and i visited the dnr walleye netting operation on the pine river today. walleyes are stripped of over  mill… 
 our thoughts and support are with the victims and the incredibly brave first responders in… 
today, i stood side by side with advocates, survivors and friends from across the country at the  ral… 
it was my pleasure to have university of minnesota duluth associate professor of french studies dana lindaman, ph.d… 
my “last dish effort” tater tot hot dish tied for st at the mn congressional hot dish competition. here in mn, hot… 
tomorrow, we stand united on the east lawn of the us capitol to call on congress to declare #lungcancer a national… 
my opioid advertising and prescriber prohibition act of  bans advertising and marketing of dangerous, highly ad… 
in  days, advocates from across the country will descend on the east front of capitol to demand that congress decl… 
these longer days are great. after a full schedule of meetings around the brainerd area today, i still had time to… 
all minnesotans are so proud of the crown jewel of our national park system . join me in celebrating “… 
each day  people die of #lungcancer. stand with me and be the change by joining  &amp; lung cancer adv… 
house #gop #farmbill pushes  million #low-income and disabled #americans toward hunger and malnutrition. destruct… 
democracy takes hard work on a bipartisan basis. unfortunately house gop passed their version of farmbill – written… 
after #potus announced % tariffs, i joined democratic colleagues on #houseagcommittee urging potus to work closel… 
again, i called on house agriculture committee gop to halt attacks on #snap provisions &amp; so-called “work requiremen… 
the natural resource committee today unanimously passed my bipartisan north country scenic trails bill (h.r. ),… 
tonight our nation mourns the passing and celebrates the life of former first lady barbara bush, who brought such e… 
i’m proud to stand in solidarity with the mn state building &amp; construction trades. let’s rebuild america, they’re t… 
it’s tax day! gop tax cut is nothing but a gift to the super rich and a bill for the middle class! the wealthy are… 
the constitution is clear - it is congress, not the president, who decides whether or not our nation goes to war. s… 
 : republicans claim their #goptaxscam benefits workers, but the results are in: the extra cash is lining the pockets of s…
students, send us your artwork to participate in the congressional art competition! art must be submitted by april… 
mndot workers installing signs designating i- stretch between forest lake and duluth as the "james l. oberstar me… 
office of the special counsel must be protected. after  trump attempts to fire mueller, discharge petition for h.r… 
joining letter urging potus  to consult and receive authorization from congress before ordering additional use of m… 
today we recognize equal pay day – the day when women have finally made, dollar-for-dollar, what male coworkers mad… 
congrats to our national champion duluth bulldogs! 
hats off to the leech lake band of ojibwe for being one of  semifinalists in the  honoring nations program. t… 
dan rather fb today on mlk // "beyond vietnam" sermon: said king, “i figure i was politically unwise but morall… 
students interested in applying for a nomination to a military academy should attend u.s. service academy informati… 
today we recognize autism awareness day – dedicated to raising awareness about one of the most common developmental… 
in honor of national women's history month we recognize martha george ripley, founder of minneapolis' maternity hos… 
sec. shulkin fired for understanding that va mission is to serve our heroes, not political agendas to privatize the… 
today on national vietnam war veterans day, we honor the brave men &amp; women who served our country during one of the… 
in honor of national women's history month we celebrate mother mary alfred moes, the founder of saint mary’s hospit… 
in honor of national women's history month we celebrate mn entertainer judy garland. at age  she starred in her b… 
in honor of national women's history month, we recognize katherine begich vukelich, mn's own “rosie the riveter.” c… 
in honor of national women's history month, we recognize rosalie wahl, the first woman to sit on the minnesota supr… 
honored to join the march for our lives rally in brainerd on saturday. i urged the crowd to keep fighting for commo…  this administration’s attacks on the lgbtq community will not go unanswered. i’m proud of my % rating from ,… 
mr president, your new eo ending citizenship for children born in the us is patently unconstitutional. i am sending… 
trump getting bad “legal” advice from bannon and miller. potus can’t bypass the constitution no matter how much hat… 
joined  on  to discuss the tragedy at tree of life synagogue. congress needs to pass reasonable  gun… 
congrats to the ! #dodamage
about to join  on .
once again an ar- was used to gun down innocent people. when will we act to take these weapons of war off the street?
tragedy at tree of life synagogue in pittsburg. incitement breeds this hatred. it must stop !
j’accuse: the hatred and division sowed by potus has now produced violence. violence aimed at two former presidents… 
today we learned that premiums will increase by % next year thanks to the gop’s relentless assault on the afforda… 
addressing the annual  arts awards. wonderful celebration of the investments that we as a community hav… 
celebrating the th anniversary of ! proud to enter a statement into the congressional record honori… 
house republicans voted to gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions. this new report from… 
 : thank you for attending!  
attending  superintendents business breakfast celebrating the strong partnership between prince william co… 
 : this is clearly a petty attempt to limit first amendment rights &amp; demonstration activity that trump doesn’t like.   so we'…
reports of suspicious packages targeting the clintons, obamas, cnn and others should trouble all americans. we must… 
the us needs to speak with moral clarity when it comes to saudi arabia. my interview with  on… 
 : coming up at pm on #outnumberedot:   art del cueto marsha catron    #powerpanel…
wilbur ross lied to congress twice about his decision to put a divisive citizenship question on the  census but… 
lively discussion this morning on federal it modernization and cybersecurity at round table hosted by symantec and… 
., you must have missed or possibly forgotten the gop’s subpoena binge during the obama years. here is a… 
celebrating the th anniversary of the shepherd's center of oakton-vienna. thank you to all the board members, sta… 
 : dems zero in on trump’s alleged conflicts of interest  
 : coming up on #afterwords at pm et journalist beth macy  reports on the opioid crisis in america .…
 :   it took them two weeks to say he died and died in our consulate....”now they are engaged in a cover up to…
spoke with  on  about #justiceforjamal. this is the beginning of a cover-up and saudi arabi… 
 : "this wasn’t some rogue operation, where it got out of hand. this was premeditated ...there is no way they would have done…
joining  shortly.
great crowd today for  homecoming parade! 
 : "the president is still willing to put his own economic interest ahead of the country's," rep.  said https…
visiting friends at westminster in lake ridge and joining in on some evening singing. 
your aca repeal would’ve left ppl w/ pre-existing conditions to fend for themselves. your tax bill exploded the def… 
new emails and photos show the president had direct influence on the fbi hq decision.  … 
 sean, would love to hear your ideas. let me know next time you are in virginia or d.c. so we can discuss how to #actonclimate.
 if you need assistance in the future please don’t hesitate to reach out. - staff
i'm proud to receive a % rating on the  #hrcscorecard. we will not stop fighting for lgbtq equality.… 
 : this weekend on #afterwords journalist beth macy  reports on the opioid crisis in america .  she's in…
engaging and informative congress at your company  in reston today. another thriving northern virginia t… 
last night i spoke with  on  about jamal khashoggi. this is all the beginning of both a cove… 
 : rep. gerry connolly recalls meeting washington post journalist jamal khashoggi saying he was a "very articulate critic, but…
 : "this is all the beginning of both a cover-up and separating the crown prince from the action because the blowback has been…
joining  on  to talk latest news on #justiceforjamal
 : virginia congressman  addresses  here’s some of his speech. ends saying love and compassion wil…
coming together with members from all over our community to show love and support for our friends at . ha… 
beautiful service at  this morning. i have been coming to this church for  years, since meetings w… 
stopped by the  chapter  booth to thank them for their service. proud to work with vva and other veter… 
great crowd on a beautiful day for  fall festival! stop by my constituent services booth if you're… 
great to be back at taste of annandale! another wonderful event celebrating the tapestry of diversity we have here… 
i welcome pastor brunson’s long overdue release from arbitrary detention in turkey. the locally employed state dept… 
mr. president, my constituent jamal khashoggi is not a sacrificial lamb to offer your cash cow. #justiceforjamal 
"if the worst is true about jamal khashoggi, saudi arabia must be punished." my  video on… 
we need an independent probe into jamal khashoggi’s sudden disappearance. president trump and sec pompeo must step… 
we must all demand answers and insist there be a full account and investigation into what has happened to jamal. i… 
will be joining the #justiceforjamal press conference today at : outside wapo.   more info at:… 
joined  in sending a letter today urging president trump to raise 's disappearance with the gov… 
 : . is asking for your help in identifying the person who spray painted swastikas on the jewish community c…
 : update: detectives release surveillance video from hate graffiti case in annandale. 
 : oversight dems call for probe into citizenship question on  census  
 tyler, we would be happy to look into this. you can reach our district director at --. - staff
 : connolly wants investigation into citizenship status question on  census  …
joined  in requesting the  investigate the department's decision to add a question regardin… 
at annual nvar politics and pancakes breakfast with . she sees a volatile moment that could upend the s… 
with  for a great annual event,  politics and pancake breakfast. great to have her here in #va.… 
great to be back at the dunn-loring improvement association's annual picnic. more important than ever that citizens… 
back at the  with my  friends to discuss last week’s despicable incident and the challenges fac… 
reports that  journalist  was murdered while visiting a saudi consulate in turkey demand… 
stopped by  to show my support. this despicable and cowardly act of hate has no place in our community or anywhere else.
speaking with constituents at  oktoberfest! always great to see vienna's wonderful mayor, laurie dir… 
pleased to also present certificates of commendation to kaaw president kim and ms. susie kim, who has been a dedica… 
honored to be back in tysons for the th annual korus festival. proud to represent the largest concentration of ko… 
there is no place for the hateful act of vandalism at the fairfax jcc today. nova is a welcoming community and we m… 
so they have the votes for kavanaugh and will ram him through no matter the costs: to sexual assault victims, to a… 
celebrating the th anniversary of catholics for housing and honoring the  gerard creedon award winners this e… 
former justice stevens said kavanaugh’s temperament is disqualifying for the highest court. i agree.  
i am deeply concerned by reports that jamal khashoggi, renowned journalist and va resident, has disappeared after v… 
kavanaugh flashed his partisan fangs at his second hearing, dissembled about his frequent inebriation at yale and s… 
glad to celebrate korean national day and armed forces day, and the th year of the korean-us alliance with ambass… 
this move by sessions is slightly in conflict with the more than  votes republicans have cast to repeal the aca.… 
proud to attend the medal of honor ceremony for my constituent, staff sergeant ronald j. shurer ii. a fitting honor… 
honored to attend the grand opening and consecration of the  swaminarayan sanstha mandir. a wonderful display… 
celebrating the national bike your park day with bike fairfax along the gerry connolly cross county trail. this is… 
joining more than  at   out of the darkness walk to raise awareness of services available to those… 
 : joined colleagues in sending a letter to  requesting an investigation into the decision-making process for the co…
thank you, dr. christine blasey ford, for your courage, your conscience, and your sense of civic duty. we believe y… 
democrats should yield time to rachel mitchell. the gop men brought her here for her expertise and to see if kavana… 
kavanaugh’s sense of entitlement is stupefying.
judicial temperament: kavanaugh has shown who he is today. he is an angry, defensive, paranoid  year old who desp… 
what happened to kavanaugh the neutral umpire and nice choir boy?
lindsey graham is embarrassing himself. he has played too much golf with potus.
 :  introduces bill to nix the trump administration's new limits on refugee resettlement …
dr. ford’s testimony is heart-wrenching and a demonstration of her courage.
rumor at senate judiciary committee that masking tape and paper bags are being handed out to republican senators.
 : i joined  to introduce the lady liberty act to require the president to set a goal of admitting at least…
the trump administration is once again slamming the door on refugees. the lady liberty act will reverse this callou… 
joining  to take your questions on rosenstein, the spending bill and trump’s speech at the un.
 : wed| what's the future of deputy ag rod rosenstein &amp; the russia investigation?   rep.  (d-va) gives us his take…
republicans must protect the mueller investigation. some in congress are willing to destroy reputations, meanwhile,… 
joining  on  shortly. 
 : new: top dems on house oversight &amp; gov't reform committee , rep.  ask committee chair rep. …
speaking to  dulles chapter on the mindless attacks by the trump administration and their allies in congres… 
 : some are pointing the finger at metro's pensions as the reason the system's in decline.  not quite . . . #wmata https:/…
speaking at the  america to end gun violence. the slaughter in our communities must end. we can sta… 
great turnout today for the  homecoming parade! as always, sharp showing from  cadets… 
great to be back at the  multicultural festival! a wonderful event celebrating the diversity that makes o… 
congratulations to ronald j. shurer ii from burke who will receive the medal of honor. a truly deserving hero. thank you for your service.
celebrating the tremendous work of  tonight. immigrants and immigration are something to be welcomed, not… 
florence demonstrated once again that local communities with coal ash ponds are at risk of breaches and drinking wa… 
looking forward to joining fedtalk on  at am to discuss trump's fed pay freeze and other federal wor… 
 : wwp would like to thank sen. chris coons () and rep. gerald connolly () for leading the charge to help ma…
 : “never again will a government shutdown cause a grieving military family to be denied a death gratuity payment during their time o…
celebrating the th anniversary of the laying of the  cornerstone. as we celebrate this occasion, let u… 
tonight i’ll be speaking at the us capitol cornerstone th anniversary ceremony. you can watch live here:  
in the wake of florence, communities are now forced to respond to coal ash pond failures that could pollute drinkin… 
against a record high global refugee crisis, the trump administration’s record low refugee admissions cap is danger… 
the trump administration is once again slamming the door on refugees. a sad retreat on america’s values. this is no… 
more obstruction from the president. 
so the gop wants to ignore an allegation of attempted rape against a supreme court nominee—appointed for life—so he… 
great to see a few friends from  and  out today. thanks for all you do! 
beautiful and powerful worship service  in dumfries this morning with mayor derrick wood and vice-may… 
never again will a government shutdown cause a grieving military family to be denied a death gratuity payment durin… 
 : good news: the defense appropriations deal includes language to ensure military death benefits won't ever again be halted by…
manafort agrees to forfeit $ million in property and assets. unlike trump’s tax scheme, the mueller investigation… 
looks like manafort read trump’s art of the deal. 
 : we can take ambition to the next level at  in san francisco this week. that's why  and the senate climate task forc…
glad to talk with  about federal telework programs and our efforts to expand access to telework for federal em… 
 of our fellow americans died, mr. president. as florence approaches your time might be better served focusing… 
 : #hurricaneflorence is forecast to be a significant rain event across numerous regions of the commonwealth, review the flood prepa…
as northern virginia prepares for #hurricaneflorence, here is some helpful info from   … 
it’s shameful but not surprising that the president would rob fema to pay for his callous policy of ripping familie… 
 :  thank you for cosponsoring the #boldalzheimersact. i ask that you please push leadership to bring the bill…
 : virginia:  announced the opening of two state-managed shelters to assist evacuations. the #shelters at christop…
proud to have joined the  community for their rededication. may this powerful ceremony serve as a r… 
congress should honor the heroes of / and pass h.con.res . this bipartisan resolution would recognize the sept… 
 : rep. gerry connolly calls president trump's praise of his administration's response to hurricane maria in puerto rico "mons…
 : democratic rep. gerry connolly says donald trump jr. "should worry about legal jeopardy" because of the russia probe and ad…
 : "my republican friends are looking at any opportunity they can find to try to distract all of us from the underlying muelle…
on  talking about trump’s puerto rico comments, trump jr., and house gop efforts to distract from chaos in the wh.
speaking at  annual / memorial.  years ago a day of beauty created by god became a day of horro… 
with my colleagues from across state and local government in prince william county for a town hall discussing trans… 
 : just sent a letter with  and the entire virginia delegation urging the president to support ’s request…
 : reminder: our pwc mega town hall is tonight! : pm at nvcc woodbridge campus with , , ,…
so much for the trump-kim summit. they played you for a fool donald  
l'shanah tovah!  wishing you a happy, healthy, and peaceful new year.
kicking off the st burke centre festival! i have been proud to represent this community for over  years. a true… 
joining hundreds of residents in the rededication of justice high school. today we right a wrong from the days of m… 
 : months after  and i raised ethical and legal concerns about scott pruitt's superfund task force,  is…
yesterday, i joined  in leading a bipartisan letter to  condemning the chinese government’… 
congress must recognize the contributions of our federal workforce and provide a pay raise. a hiring freeze, follow… 
proud to cut the ribbon on "tysons: then and now" celebrating the th anniversary of tysons corner center. this ex… 
ironic that president trump, aka the notorious john miller to some media outlets, now demands that the ny times rev… 
trump's move to end a scheduled fed pay increase is cynical and another attack on federal employees. i joined… 
welcoming our new  chief john butler to ! our entire community stands behind you and ho… 
 : does the president have the grounds to block findings from robert mueller's report from becoming public by citing executive…
joining  with  at :.
great to be back at the th  labor day car show! over k raised for charity by this wonderful ev… 
trump's tax bill exploded the deficit, and now he is trying to balance the budget on the backs of federal workers.  
i will not accept president trump’s mismanagement of the federal government as fait accompli. my goal remains the e… 
when president kennedy spoke of the nobility of public service, he did so out of a belief that our country is made… 
we have a government to run, services to deliver, and people to care for. that requires a motivated and talented fe… 
president trump is feeling cornered and lashing out by cancelling a modest, planned pay increase for our dedicated… 
 : the top democrats on the house oversight committee want the u.s. postal service to investigate how a gop super pac obtained a…
 : reps.  and  ask  ig to investigate disclosure of ex-cia ’s personal informati…
 : in letter to the  ig,  &amp;  ask for an investigation into the release of ’s unr…
 : breaking:   request  investigation into release of abigail spanberger's unredacted sta…
the gop tax scam will hit most nova taxpayers hard in their pocketbooks, especially homeowners. look at what this n… 
republicans used to understand the importance of common sense gun legislation. even their hero, ronald reagan, sign… 
we must wipe the slate clean in light of these troubling revelations. the gsa and fbi must return immediately to th… 
the ig estimates that the funding gap analysis gsa provided to congress for its revised plan to rebuild on the hoov… 
the report also finds that “gsa did not include all of the costs in its revised fbi headquarters plan, and that the… 
in fact, the ig reports that there are actual photographs of the gsa administrator, the fbi director, and others me… 
today's gsa ig report on the fbi hq decision substantiates my concerns on all counts. i'm calling on the oversight… 
john mccain was a man of courage, integrity, and honor who dedicated his life to serving his country and defending… 
news that sen john mccain is discontinuing his medical treatment shows his valor to the end. he was fierce in his b… 
more fallout from trump's aca sabotage. gao found open enrollment dropped % bc hhs slashed advertising and outreac… 
cohen's guilty plea explicitly links his illegal activity to cooperation with the candidate. this is a major turning point for mr trump.
manafort found guilty on  charges and cohen pleads guilty to  counts. the walls close in on djt.
trump’s rollback of the clean power plan is a giant step backwards and will have serious public health consequences… 
what have you been reading this summer? i spoke with   and discussed some of my favorite books i've re… 
truth isn't truth--rudy giuliani. well not in this white house.
so sad to hear of the passing of . she was a bridge who brought soul to the whole world "like a natu… 
 : "i find it ironic that the man who is the subject of an active criminal investigation, the very thing he wants done to hill…
 : "i don't know how any patriotic american could be happy with trump's performance in helsinki." - rep. gerry connolly respon…
joining  at  pm.
moral certitude costs lives. sewall failed as a moral puritan while some contemporaries condemned the whole enterpr… 
salem witch judge is the bio of samuel sewall who had  individuals hanged for witchcraft in th c. salem, mass.… 
 : "the idea that giuliani and trump unilaterally get to keep things off the table that can't be asked, that goes to the very…
i’ll be joining  in a few minutes to discuss the latest on the mueller investigation with 
president trump should be treated like any other witness. he should not be allowed to set the terms of his intervie… 
my dc area colleagues and i believe any proposal for the future of american infrastructure must include reforms and… 
ran into    chief roessler and mcgruff the crime dog at national night… 
 : democratic rep. gerry connolly: president donald trump "should be treated like any other witness" …
 : president trump "should be treated like any other witness" and should not be allowed to set the terms of his interview with specia…
enjoying national night out at middleridge with our great  first responders! 
had a great time catching up with  to hear about her ongoing work for human rights and justice. so glad… 
we should pass laws – like my fast voting act – that expand access to the ballot box. and we should reject cynical,… 
lbj said it best when he proposed the vra: “it is wrong – deadly wrong – to deny any of your fellow americans the r… 
today marks the anniversary of the landmark voting rights act of . voting is among the most sacred of american… 
standing with hundreds of my fellow constituents at the #marchonnra in my district. proud of my f rating from the n… 
saw verdi's rigoletto at  last night. had a chance to talk with rbg, opera's # afficianado   she is going strong. the president is now trying to unilaterally change the th amendment of the us constitution...which he swore to pr… 
 : i didn’t realize how important it was to have a president regularly reaffirm america’s values until it stopped happeni…
the twitterz are really really confusing me tonight. 
a moving and heartfelt vigil at agudath sholom in #stamford today. our community unconditionally rejects hate, bigo… 
this is the year of the woman. november  will bring some truly amazing, literally combat-tested women to dc to ret… 
 : keep knocking- nov. th is coming! friday night in brooklawn with . #voterowa 
 : a breathtaking lie of staggering proportions. literally the opposite of the legislative proposals of each party. i don't…
very grateful for the support of the indian american community.   immigrants are not criminals, fraudulent voters o… 
as a member of congress, sometimes you vote, sometimes you attend hearings, and sometimes you feed yogurt to an ant… 
very grateful to the small business investor alliance  for their “champion of small business invest… 
that time your opponent, who is running as a “facts guy”, gets brutally fact checked in the first answer at the fir… 
thanks for all you do. we will reduce gun violence in this country through your dedication and hard work.… 
sometimes the only way you’re getting through the rest of a long fudrucker of a day is to pull over for some nitro… 
 : trump: "they demand to be able to vote, the illegals. you get to california, there's so many illegals voting there. th…
 : after passing a massive #goptaxscam for the rich, trump and  are now offering make-believe tax cuts for the midd…
 : your guide to ict events and actions -  
 : voter fraud is itself a fraud. the highest measured rate of voter fraud in our elections is .%. it is virtually non-exist…
 : most hilarious voting psa of the election season shot by my friend  and featuring ! …
what a rally and what enthusiasm in #darien, yes #darien, for the pre-election rally! proud to stand with… 
 : ct democrats, come rally with , ,  and many more state and local candidates at tilley pond pa…
  go bob!! thanks for all you amazing help!
i’ve listened for  years as every republican has demanded and voted for obamacare repeal. even shutting down the g… 
thank you  for hosting me tonight. whole lotta enthusiasm out there! 
literally every sentence, no, every clause, in this tweet is a lie. and provably so. 
 : . has seen up close and personal the impact that a mass shooting has on a community, and he's been a dedicated #guns…
 : a remarkable trend that continues. since , the u.s. budget deficit has grown under every republican president (reagan,…
thank you. i’m very honored and doubly committed to keep fighting for affordable housing. 
 : breaking: the des moines register, which leans conservative, just endorsed all democrats! said the gop “needs to be voted o…
if polarization and fights and tribalism are getting you down, behold what can happen even in a new york parking ga… 
the boyz say thankyou! 
 : coming up on  at p et,  is joined by , rep. , , , …
after ' baseless op-ed yesterday, i hope that the  will eventually leave the president's withered breed o… 
 : "it's rare these days for me to pick up the paper, read an outright lie from the president and feel encouraged about t…
  please come to one or all three of our debates: /, wilton high school /, norwalk /,… 
 : “before they go to the polls in november, the american people deserve real assurance that our government is taking every…
 : the economy of every state, ranked from worst to best - ct's economy? th, right behind california and minnesota ... htt…
 we wuz robbed!
i was worried about this years ago, and have a bipaisan bill to fix it. why is it that under a republican preside… 
the murkiness identified in this piece is exactly what my bill, the insider trading prohibition act, addresses. whe… 
hey!! i got no lollipop!?!?  seriously, , people died of flu in the us last year. mostly elderly, but also som… 
 go easton!
damn. righteous. take : to listen to this tune of truth. especially if you’re porting around a y chromosome. 
great article about the indomitable  will is working enormously hard, as he will in his representatio… 
 not sure what this means. not sure i want to know what this means. one thing i do know. federal holiday… 
 : in the past few days, china has disappeared two prominent citizens, russia has killed a prosecutor, and saudi arabia has ap…
so great to see the  band at #shelton day. here they’re doing a little new orleans jazz. one of the wonders of… 
great afternoon marching in the columbus day parade in #shelton and campaigning at shelton day. 
 : about to march with  at shelton day! 
very happy to stand with      in #bridgeport for… 
 : dems didn't get "outplayed" on kavanaugh; dems lost the house, the senate and the white house in . in business you le…
thank you! november is coming. 
 : great volunteer turnout in bridgeport today! these vols are ready to knock on all the doors. thanks to   and…
got my flu shot yesterday at    health tip: get a flu shot! , flu deaths last year.   another heal… 
fortunately, my friend  edited out the missed free throws! #stress 
 : mayor harry rilling and  visited the #norwalk community health center this morning to help spread awareness about t…
i know harriet. harriet is a friend of mine. you don’t mess with harriet. 
learning that my friend gabby giffords had been shot was a horrible day.  so proud to receive her organization’s en… 
gop:  months investigating clinton? we've barely scratched the surface!  gop: due process?!? lock her up  also go… 
 ah. now i see where you’re coming from. fair point, if a bit quibbly re greens and libertarians. but my… 
 majority: more than %.  american: citizen of the usa voters: subset of americans who vote.   🍎 🍎s?
 when the rep tie wearing young republican troll on twitter doesn’t understand the complexity and logical… 
  yes. in the land of total non sequiturs.
  non sequitur.
  but thanks for playing.
  so you don’t have to wait. this is not a court of law, and courtroom rules do not appl… 
  fake ? so you’ve seen the fbi report? odd that they would give it to you before the… 
  you’re right. except for the ideas of social security, medicare, responsible deficit redu… 
  hahahaha.
  pretty damn good. remember it in january , before the obama administration?
   oh. so she should be mocked. wake up.
  actually, challenging the president is my job, constitutionally speaking. and equating ex… 
  asking a question, not lecturing. and yes, dems have a lot to answer for after provi… 
  that’s not the same question. but no, i don’t think any of them have brutally and though… 
  it wasn’t a lecture, it was a question. and a majority of american voters supported hrc… 
domestic abuse is pervasive and unacceptable anytime anywhere. standing with fellow legislators to support… 
for the people who enable this kind of thing and for  supporters, i have just one question:  for wh… 
 : we can get mad at this. tweet up a storm. call him names. all those things. or - we can do the only thing that really matters. vot…
the  has issued a tornado watch for fairfield county until midnight. stay safe everyone. #stamford views. 
 : creative connections' team members met  at centennial gala ! a wonderful evening! 
 hey
 : saying something over and over doesn’t make it true.  via 
a fresh new face with great ideas, a strong moral core and true connecticut values! not one bit surprised that… 
take a stand against bias and hate. we are, and will always be, better together. #weareoneday  check out 
stirring the pot with anne hughes and meeting the twins with  in #redding #ctdems 
complete lies from    but that of course is redundant. or a tautology or something. 
 : lots of fun in redding with ! 
you gotta get to know   she’s running to represent #trumbull in the state assembly.  knocked a bunch of… 
pounding the pavement and knocking on doors in #shelton with  and elaine matto. concerned? angry? yo… 
 : volunteers came out bright and early on a saturday to knock on doors with , , , …
 : washington week in review. 👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼#kavanaghhearings 
 : enjoyed listening to the new dem coalition talk about the future of work, modernizing the safety net, and other exciting…
 : political discourse today is driven almost entirely by tribalism and bias and very little by principles and truth. we’ve c…
protests used to be different. i’m not saying better or worse. just different. 
go beto! 
 : emphasizing innovation and workforce development makes  an example of the diverse corporate community we h…
at a time when the republic needs the  to stand up, they are instead warriors of the concerned tweet and maybe… 
 : darien dtc fundraiser “fuel the blue wave” ⁦⁩ 
knocking doors with the amazing stephanie thomas   in #norwalk. lesson: some people don’t want to he… 
 : breaking: fox poll on obamacare— -% in favor and most of those want it to go further.  the “went too far” propaganda is d…
 you mean other than the three that have been scheduled and the two forums? close but no cigar. actually… 
when i woke up today, i somehow knew that today would be the day i would be learning the polka from dancing girls i… 
happy independence day mexico and to the mexican-american community. immigrants are our strength. e pluribus unum… 
 : we took the stage last night for the first debate of this senate race. watch the recap video,  to share it, and join us…
 : as we have said,  attacks on our character and demeaning comments about the fbi will not deter agents from continuing t…
the president doesn’t give a fig for the opinions of allies or of the ic or protecting sources and methods. the fam… 
 : this is stupid and obscenely wrong for reasons i shouldn't have to spell out. i beg my conservative colleagues and followers…
this is disgusting even by the gutter standards of  women, and all decent americans, need to rememb… 
 : i want to thank congressman  for hosting a conversation on #puertorico one year after hurricane maria. the devas…
starting soon! come on by. 
please join me in fairfield this thursday for an important talk on our gun violence epidemic. #unload … 
the best umbrella $. can buy is not really up to the task. 
this morning  reminds us that immigrants are an important part of our community and country. we are s… 
 : "why are we so against immigrants and foreign contribution to our society. why are we governing ourselves through fear…
he is the michelangelo of whining. here is the rarely used anticipatory pre-whine: 
gonna be a long week. right way to start it is with a big old mug of awesome monday morning coffee at  
you know there is a very blue wave rolling when this happens in #newcanaan   
 : thank you to the oxford ct democrats for hosting this great event at oxford greens to meet the candidates! and thank you…
very fired up crowd at pie &amp; politics in #ridgefield 
  hahahahaha. you’re deluded.
  tell that to obl. oh wait, you can’t. obama killed him.
  i’m not arguing anything. i’m making an observation and asking a question. odd for twitter, i know.
the other ethno-nationalist bullies like erdogan, putin, duterte and orban run their cons with a s macho ballsi… 
  me too!
two species foraging on one flower. winter is coming. 
category  whiner. 
 : be careful about getting too outraged about the curtains in haley’s apartment or pompeo’s military base housing. seem to…
protecting victims of domestic violence and sexual assault isn’t a partisan issue so this should be a no-brainer. r… 
the violence against woman act has been protecting victims of domestic violence and sexual assault for over yrs.… 
 : generations of americans have fought, marched, and peacefully protested to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor their le…
thank you  today more than ever we need to be % clear that we are not going backwards on women’s rights!… 
 : the #ctnationalguard is sending two helicopters and  soldiers to stage in tennessee in advance of the impending #hur…
 wouldn’t know. i’m not on that committee.
  always have. why i was one of  votes for simpson-bowles.  democrats and  gop. which tells you a lot about who cares.
   so the aca, love it or hate it, was paid for, and has not increased the deficit. ever… 
  you see, that makes no sense. tax cut is exploding the deficit.
   that’s debt, not deficits. one is a stock, one is a flow. yes, facts are important (exc… 
   how does that work? under obama, the deficit declined substantially. under trum… 
after declining for years under the obama administration, the national deficit is now exploding. thanks  for ha… 
 : i think that’s what the kids call a sick burn. 
connecticut’s th district lost too many moms, dads and kids on /. today in just about every town, we remembered… 
 : a fitting tribute on / to close the evening with poignant ceremony by our stamford firefighters. …
 : yet another republican principle thrown on the bonfire of trumpism. 
thanks for a terrific visit and for the help on how to fight the awful opioid crisis. 
the daily whine 
 : does rep.  see any law broken by the author of the anonymous op-ed in the nyt?   "of course not. americans don't sacrif…
l’shanah tovah to those celebrating rosh hashanah tonight. wishing a happy and healthy new year for all.
knocking doors with the amazing  aimee berger-girvalo in #ridgefield. neither rain nor corgis will stay… 
best wilton democrat bbq ever! with:      … 
burning shoe leather knocking doors with the tireless  and  at the #stamford day of actio… 
 : i want to thank representative  (d-ct) for joining me in introducing the ‘safe to tell act of ’. parents sh…
 : #newdem chair  &amp;  join  to shine a spotlight on our nation's housing shortage crisis.  hous…
federal reserve: after “tax reform”, corporations with hundreds of billions of dollars abroad are so far returning… 
fixed this. 
 : a credit to  for stating this clearly. 
so  takes a moment away from his whining and whimpering to subvert justice and show his utter disda… 
as a great american of immense sacrifice and grit is laid to rest, another american of no sacrifice and no grit whi… 
 : proud to be the planned parenthood endorsed candidate for state senate ! 💪🏻💪🏼💪🏽💪🏾💪🏿 thank you, ! …
 : i thought i got a ticket for parking my car on the street while door knocking. instead, someone had left supportive note…
 : happening now: congressman  leading discussion on “smart gun” technology. what is it? and why are gun rights group…
if eisenhower had been : “those germans are so nasty. the military-industrial complex are such fake… 
if lincoln had been : “that jefferson davis is such a meany. thad stevens is such a fake news loudm… 
i swear to god, if either of my children whimpered and whined as much as  i would ground them into the next century.
for god’s sake. stop your whining. you’re president of the united states and commander in chief. shock us by showin… 
 : sometimes you need to take a minute and play a piano on the sidewalk. 
cormac mccarthy. truly one of the great american writers. 
 : congrats  on a decisive victory tonight.  
 : parents running for office in connecticut cannot spend their campaign funds on a babysitter, although candidates for fede…
 : . goes from congressman to courier  
safety and performance metrics, and probably the stock price, are in trouble today. but i’m going to see what life… 
delighted to receive the endorsement of the national organization for women (now).  leads the fight for… 
today we celebrate the th amendment which gave women the right to vote, less than a century ago! now we fight to… 
 : during the  campaign, a woman said she couldn't trust obama because “he’s an arab.” john mccain shook his head. “no ma’am…
no one combined honor, integrity, independence and humor as well or as much as john mccain. no one. a truly remarka… 
 : .: should democrats call for trump's impeachment heading up to midterms? rep. : no they shouldn't, and the…
behind the scenes at ⁦⁦my constituent ⁩ #unfiltered. what’s a true conservative gal to do these days? thanks… 
wonderful morning rallying and doorknocking with  so excited about, anne hughes, ira kaplan, michelle… 
 of course i am. they’re honeybees.
it’s fresh outside but a lot of the girls are staying cool on their front porch. 
eliot cohen is a neoconservative with whom i have often disagreed. but take  minutes to read this. powerful. how s… 
dana needs some media training. i’m guessing she doesn’t want the world to believe that we’re putting a murderous g… 
so saddened by the news of john mccain. and so moved that his family’s statements focus on thanking others.
tom rooney, republican of florida, and i wrote the house companion for this election security bill that the white h… 
  we do neither. that’s a djt fantasy. you can do better.
 yeah. got my head into beehive approach. unwise.
 hmmm. interesting. setting aside your personal attacks (you have no idea what i am all about) your point… 
yes, i learned how to milk a cow today at shaggy coos farm in #easton. thank you margaret for teaching me. and than… 
 fortunately, my constituents disagree. question for you: i’m fascinated by christians who aggressively em… 
    you seem nice.
got to help almost  people become us citizens this morning. one of the very best parts of this job.   and yes, a… 
  not my words. michael cohen’s.
the level of criminal activity around, and if cohen is right, by  should have every american, regar… 
most productive witch hunt in history.
¡atención dreamers! actualmente aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso #daca. si cumples con los requisit… 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
 : "in terms of its effects, the new tax law will raise deficits and make the distribution of after-tax income more unequal…
it’s like waiting for thunder after lightning:  explodes the deficit with a massive tax cut for corporations an… 
 screwed!?! give me one metric, one fact, in which america was “screwed” over the course of th obamacare administration.
 maybe
november is coming 
 i did! one week before an election, president trump has deliberately diverted attention away from his administration’s att… 
no president has the power to unilaterally change the constitution, nor should they. just as his claims of passing… 
going back to my time as chair of the north haven school board, i’ve seen the value of bringing arts into the class… 
at side x side this morning to help celebrate a federal grant to strengthen arts education in  &amp; lew… 
mark your calendars🗓️: open enrollment is just six weeks this year + it begins this thursday, november st. your pl… 
our thanks to local law enforcement officials for their increased protection and support for the jewish community.… 
still in shock from the horrifying act of hate that look the lives of  at the #treeoflifesynagogue, including a … 
. just tweeted another attack on the free press. his hateful and false statements on twitter and at… 
congratulations to the  #worldseries champion !!! 
i’m heartbroken for the victims of gun violence who were gathered today to celebrate a jewish rite of passage, thei… 
 : . tour of waterville focuses on supporting community art programs  …
great to see you! thanks for the tour,  can’t wait to see the new community art space! 
happening now: meeting w/ stakeholders from #waterville's art scene. as co-chair of the congressional arts caucus &amp;… 
in may,  received a $,  grant to partner with  and city of #waterville to des… 
touring downtown #waterville with representatives from the city's booming creative economy including… 
#honorflightmaine is an awesome program that ensures our veterans can visit national monuments that honor their ser… 
this significant investment will keep portsmouth naval shipyard competitive and vital to maintaining the navy’s sub… 
we are thinking of our former leaders, congressional colleagues and members of the media who’ve been targeted with… 
threats of violence, though not a new concern for elected leaders or their staffs, have no place in our democracy.… 
read  new report about how the trump administration's #aca sabotage will impact mainers in the indivi… 
in #maine’s individual marketplace alone k women could outright lose insurance b/c their gender is considered a p… 
false. donald trump w/ help of gop have sabotaged #aca at every turn. republican ags &amp; govs have even filed a lawsu… 
let's go ! #beatla 
i recently sat down with a group of #maine’s post-/ veterans to discuss the unique challenges they face as they… 
i’m sickened by trump administration’s plan to undo non-discrimination protections for transgender americans. cospo… 
after seeing all that beer in the warehouse, just had to make another gorham stop at , one of maine's… 
nice visit w/  in gorham earlier this week, a great family business that's grown to supply beer &amp; wine t… 
 : excited to have  as a partner to reduce food waste and feed those in need! this is a great step #ia htt…
excited that   &amp;  signed mou yesterday to coordinate their #foodwaste reduction efforts--a critical… 
grateful to have kiernan cummings interning in my  office this fall. he is a senior at … 
i'm honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be d… 
my colleagues and i wrote to the ceos of   corps &amp; demanded an explanation for the soaring cost of rx drugs.… 
congrats ! thank you for working to make the arts accessible to all. #mepolitics 
america has made commitments to teachers, police, nurses and nonprofit workers to assist with their education. it’s… 
the saudi monarchy has conducted a brutal war in yemen that has created a humanitarian catastrophe. they torture th… 
i've cosponsored h.r. , a bipartisan bill that would prohibit arms sales and security assistance to saudi arabi… 
the trump administration refuses to provide answers about the saudi monarchy’s involvement in the killing of jamal… 
congress must take proactive steps to stop this plan from gaining any steam. that’s why i’ve signed on to bills and… 
i have yet to see a plan that confirms what secretary zinke told me in april. anything less than no drilling in the… 
spoke with  about the trump administration’s anti-cannabis policies. it’s incredibly frustrating to se… 
 great question! one way is reducing food waste. as co-chair of the bipartisan house food waste cauc… 
excited to see  recognized with a stand for the arts award from  &amp; ! congratul… 
making the rounds through school, meeting with a social studies class and seeing the school’s food pantry/clothes c… 
here at ⁦⁩ high school greeting students this chilly morning day while job-shadowing principal kell… 
what’s a day in the work of a maine principal like? i’m about to find out. spending the morning with… 
maine is better than this. my thoughts are with  and her family. #mepolitics 
did you know gold &amp; silver winners of the scholastic arts competition are automatically entered into the congressio… 
read our bipartisan #wfd resolution #mepolitics   ➡️  
in the u.s. % of our food goes to waste yet m americans don’t have enough to eat. i've joined  (d-m… 
amazing to see  go from orono middle school’s stage to playing a superhero on . all he… 
 hunger is as much a problem of production as it of access. in u.s. we produce so much food that … 
owned by marine corps veteran brad nadeau, the brewery is set to open on veterans day.
here at stars and stripes brewing in freeport talking to post-/ veterans and sampling some fantastic semper fi.p… 
holding a roundtable with post-/ veterans later today at stars and stripes, a soon-to-open veteran-owned brewery… 
good news for the k mainers who receive social security – next year’s cola will be .% but with the rising cost… 
had a great time at maine &amp; co. event last night. this group of maine business leaders is working together to recru… 
good morning! i am talking live with  &amp;  on  from the  recover… 
i've cosponsored  bill to block this cruel, unjust, and unnecessary proposal &amp; encourage my colleagues t… 
the intent of the trump administration’s new public charge rule is clear: telling immigrants that they are not welc… 
allowing year-round sales of e gas could mean more bad air alerts &amp; headaches for mainers who know it's not good… 
please read my recent op-ed in the  about the need for congress to finally face the unassailable realit… 
another absolutely devastating report about climate change. we cannot address the threat it poses to our health or… 
rushing to advance this lifetime appointment amidst public outcry about brett kavanaugh’s qualifications, temperame… 
great to be back in york. enjoyed having breakfast and talking with members of the york rotary club. 
maine orgs get over $ million in  training/assistance grants for beginning, immigrant and disabled farme… 
great time last night at evening for the environment, celebrating maine's conservation victories &amp; getting obama's… 
 while it's encouraging to see improved results at other va hospitals as well, congress must not let… 
va togus hospital in maine just received  out of  stars in the latest  ratings, an improvement fro… 
the president has mocked people with disabilities, gold star families, women, immigrants, minorities and now dr. fo… 
extremely disappointed congress left washington last week w/o reauthorizing the #farmbill or providing an extension… 
great news: 's veterans upward bound program has been awarded $, from ! #mepolitics 
insightful interview w/ wendell berry about the #farmbill. i share his view that we should not give millions to agr… 
i agree #nafta needs improvement but the trump admin’s proposal isn’t it.  we must: ✅increase wages ✅prevent employ… 
my full statement on the judiciary committee’s vote to advance #kavanaugh’s scotus nomination #mepolitics 
i agree. #mepolitics 
my house colleagues and i are deeply concerned that there hasn’t been a fbi investigation of brett kavanuagh. delay… 
in judiciary hearing room with  now. #mepolitics 
 : marching over to the senate judiciary committee with  to protest the vote on #kavanaugh. we #believechrist…
in the judiciary hearing room with  of my female house colleagues. #mepolitics 
right now i am marching with dozens of my female house colleagues to protest brett kavanaugh’s lifetime appointment… 
read the letter i've sent with  house members urging  to postpone proceedings on #kavanaugh's lifeti… 
i am with my house colleagues bearing witness to incredible bravery. i believe her. 
., we urgently request that you postpone any proceedings on brett #kavanaugh’s lifetime scotus appoint… 
appropriations legislation that just passed the house contains important protections for migrant children &amp; other p… 
congrats to  on securing $k federal investment to help create  good-paying manufacturing jobs in bidd… 
so pleased to congratulate musicians don and cindy roy on receiving national heritage fellowships from . fo… 
proud to have intro'd this bill w/ my colleague across the aisle  ... growing local meat processing… 
i stand in solidarity with dr. christine blasey ford and #believesurvivors. 
happening now:  rally at  city hall with .  #mepolitics   watch &amp; share ➡️… 
it's #museumday in maine thanks to , , , , , l.c.b… 
today was a very special day. maine cabins in the woods open at togus va medical center. these  cabins will serve… 
last night i heard from constituents in bridgton who are deeply concerned by the trump admin’s rollbacks of clean h… 
today i joined a meeting of ’s long term stayers initiative, an collaboration of community partners wo… 
thank you  for coming to  and offering veterans free dental care on the mouthmobile! we’re… 
social security lifts seniors out of poverty and % of mainers rely on it. the private market can't match the guar… 
kicking things off here at jordan’s farm with  &amp; ! #mepolitics 
excited to welcome  of  to jordan farm in cape elizabeth and have him hear from some of the diverse s… 
i'm one of the + house members who’ve called for a delay of #kavanaugh's lifetime appointment. read our letter… 
i remember anita hill’s brave testimony when there were few #metoo voices in congress. the treatment of her remains… 
just sent a letter urging  to approve maine's medicaid expansion plan. maine voters made expanded eligibilit… 
wishing  a quick recovery &amp; thinking of his wife  at this difficult time. good to hear th… 
k+ mainers (+% of our state) rely on #aca’s pre-existing condition protections. texas v. azar is threatening t… 
happening now: we're working to determine final spending levels for appropriations bills relative to agriculture, i… 
staing soon: minibus appropriations conference committee where i'll be pushing back on partisan riders and raisin… 
it’s #artsedweek! as arts caucus co-chair, i rise to recognize educators and students in #maine + across the countr… 
you are not entitled to your own facts, . the president of the united states should be above conspi… 
thank you to all the  members in washington this wk to advocate for a better #farmbill! as always, enjoyed my… 
our nation’s veterans and their families continue to sacrifice long after their service ends. among the many other… 
 : the ticks might not retweet, but i will! spot on comments from  
today i led a bipartisan letter to farm bill conferees to say why #welovelamp and how it would help farmers tap int… 
trump administration wants to make it easier to release methane into air #mepolitics 
i wrote this  op-ed before trump's  announced plans to slash methane gas emission rules. add it to… 
today, we remember the tragedy, but we also honor the resilience and unity our nation showed in its rebuilding. on… 
may we never forget the thousands of americans who senselessly lost their lives on /, those who died serving the… 
lobster wholesaler tells chellie pingree china tariffs have forced her to lay off workers #mepolitics… 
only a few wks ago, i met w/ the owners of the lobster company in arundel who told me they've had to lay off worker… 
i've joined  other members to request house &amp; senate leadership reject the president’s attacks on federal worker… 
after signing a multi-billion dollar tax break for corporations, it’s disingenuous for potus to say that our countr… 
l'shana tova! wishing you a sweet new year of peace and health!
 : it's time to be vocal! the deadline for your member of congress to sign-on to congresswoman 's letter in support…
i'm very pleased to serve on this bipartisan conference committee and be a voice of support for funding that is vit… 
i think  has gotten the message that its proposal would have caused confusion for consumers and hurt produce… 
thx to all the panelists for sharing their knowledge on #foodwaste, an important issue for us &amp; world beyond: kai r… 
the us can learn from efforts around the globe to reduce #foodwaste! reps from un’s food and agriculture organizati… 
my colleagues and i who went to the texas border continue to hold the trump administration accountable for the chil… 
, maine residents will receive no pay raise because president trump says we can’t afford it after he signed th… 
we need congressional oversight to prevent policy-making infected by racial animus. this is why i authored an amend… 
another heartbreaking story about the trump administration singling out hispanic communities for scrutiny with a pr… 
it was good to be back at the local s union hall this afternoon, talking with the workers from bath iron works. ba… 
great to spend the day visiting and learning more about the high-quality products being manufactured at both… 
excited to be here at  to celebrate the opening of  husky line connecting portland and gorh… 
beautiful buses inside and out (usb ports and wifi included). check them out for yourself in portland, westbrook an… 
today we lost a true american hero, senator john mccain, was a man who spent much of his life in service to his cou… 
my thoughts are with  and his family now. as a colleague and american, i'm grateful for his decades o… 
wonderful news! with , women-owned businesses that employ , workers and generate $. billion in annual… 
last fall, medicaid expansion won at the ballot box. it’s continued to win in court. it’s time to stop playing poli… 
just had a great visit to ’s retail store, cafe, and factory in york! wonderful to see this busines… 
 and a big thank you to outgoing ed ted quaday who did a fantastic job during his tenure. congratulations on… 
nice meeting today w/  incoming executive director sarah alexander. great choice to lead an organization that… 
i've cosponsored legislation to provide disaster relief funding to all parts of the lobster supply chain harmed by… 
today i’m in arundel meeting with the lobster company, a wholesale distributor that used to ship millions of pounds… 
i’ve joined + democratic house members cosponsoring h.r.  to protect the mueller investigation. why won't ho… 
pres. trump’s personal lawyer, campaign manager, &amp; former nat'l security advisor are all guilty of federal crimes.… 
that screaming red flag should bring this proposal to an immediate halt, but there are many others as well—halted i… 
president trump’s own epa reports that undoing these rules will result in as many as , premature deaths because… 
from wildfires raging across the west to spread of tick-borne lyme disease in maine, it’s clear that we ignore clim… 
excited for the maine companies that recv'd latest round of  grants to strengthen and grow their businesses… 
thank you for coming in  and for your great work! 
over  dead or stranded seals found on maine beaches so far this year—each a sad, tragic reminder that we can’t i… 
today, in response to pres trump’s attacks on journalists, , , +  other newspapers w… 
i'm so saddened to hear of 's sudden passing. i, like thousands of mainers, loved reading his columns a… 
from school board meetings to congress, journalists write the st draft of history. their stories are scrutinized b… 
senior bankruptcy rates have tripled since  because of lost savings and higher medical costs. our country could… 
social security supports the wellbeing of , mainers, including over , children and , disabled worke… 
#otd in , fdr signed social security into law. for  years, this law has provided older americans with stabili… 
. is an important source of investment for maine, which is why i've been proud to work with appropriations c… 
the rockland fish pier is a critical piece of working waterfront infrastructure that’s in great need of repair and… 
glad to see the va moving forward w/ this project to give southern maine veterans a broad array of services a littl… 
i'm proud to advocate for  because of the big things this small agency allows our local communities to do. c… 
passed in the senate farm bill, the local agriculture market program (lamp) would create a one-stop show for local… 
one of the best things we can do to support local food economy is make it easier to navigate &amp; access the federal r… 
if you love local food, you’ll love lamp, too.   #welovelamp 
 : expanded opioid treatment program lauded by reps. pingree and joe kennedy #mepolitics 
excited to announce omar andrews, a  veteran, has joined my  office through a two-year wounded wa… 
just a quick reminder that all are welcome here ⬇️ 
great discussion today w/ katherine freund of --this maine-based nonprofit is a national leader on senio… 
today  and i heard from mainers who’ve regained their personal and professional lives because they ha… 
hearing from robbie, an offshore fisherman, who is once again able to captain his own boat thanks to the imat progr… 
this morning  and i are meeting with mainers who've received substance abuse treatment at the new mai… 
what a fantastic (and growing) thread of eateries in ! congrats to the chefs &amp; staff who helped to mak… 
happy #nationallighthouseday from #maine's oldest lighthouse! do you know who commissioned portland head light? 
no trip through belfast complete without a stop at the co-op! 
 : we love...lamp? yes, we do love the the proposed  #farmbill program, the local agriculture market program, and you s…
i had a great visit to . incredible innovations are happening in #maine. i'm holding a jar of fruit flies whi… 
at sand beach talking with  superintendent kevin schneider about the park's needs and the economic contri… 
trump’s tweets are a distraction from the serious damage his admin is doing to our environment.  jus… 
lots to talk about here. still many areas where republicans and democrats are working together but there would be m… 
thrilled to be at my alma mater  this morning to talk about the current climate in congress w/ form… 
none of us wants a nuclear iran. president trump should not have ripped up a functioning agreement. this misguided… 
 : today's editorial: wear long, light-colored clothing, and use repellent. check yourself often. if you find a tick, remove…
it's national #farmersmarketweek! follow  and find a farmers' market near you in #maine:… 
nobody is winning in this trade war. certainly not american workers or consumers who are already feeling the impact… 
my condolences to the family and friends of lt. harry weymouth and his fellow firefighters at  and… 
this rollback would not only cost our economy billions in lost savings, it would weaken one of our best strategies… 
last time i checked, mainers actually liked spending less money at the gas pump because their vehicles are more eff… 
i'm proud to join other maine employers in taking the  pledge in order to foster a workplace with clear… 
this is disgraceful. not only will trumpcare plans mean less coverage for everyone, they could mean no coverage for… 
i am so grateful to meet with these dedicated advocates who are committed to ending homelessness in maine. thank yo… 
july is #americangrown flower month. as co-chair of the house cut flower caucus, i ask my fellow consumers a q: wha… 
i offered amendment to stop detaining pregnant women in ice facilities per reports they've been shackled &amp; mistreat… 
proud to cosponsor a bill intro'd by  to provide disaster relief to fishermen who are suffering consequ… 
 : ., a co-sponsor of ’s amendment, cites this  story on mistreatment of pregnant women…
in may, pres. trump issued three executive orders to erode the long-standing rights of federal workers. i stand wit… 
breaking: grateful my amendment with  to raise existing h-b visa cap has received overwhelming bip… 
great to see geena davis in washington this week. her work with  exposing gender bias in media helps to suppo… 
today i am joining + of my house colleagues in cosponsoring the medicare negotiation and competitive licensing ac… 
it's been  days since president trump released his drug pricing blueprint, and we have yet to see either lower pr… 
on 's watch  redacted info from its review of national monuments. is the trump admin lookin… 
i was lucky to meet with dr. brower to discuss his research &amp; what we can do to help monarchs. a lovely man and an… 
so grateful for lincoln brower's work to sound the alarm on the decline of monarch butterflies due to milkweed &amp; ha…   : thank you  for being a #fixthedebt  fiscal hero. we appreciate your dedication to fiscal responsibility.
political freedom is sacred in the united states. that is why we must unite against terrorism and acts of violence.… 
one of the most fulfilling things i do as your representative is cut through bureaucracy and red tape to help peopl… 
animals can’t speak up for themselves, so we do. i am continuing do everything possible to protect the endangered s… 
our colorado environment and public lands are a true american treasure. caring for our precious land and water must… 
leland, who served in wwii, loved betty for many years. that love continues to shine through as betty shares the me… 
in congress, i have pushed for the national broadband map to include info on the availability of mobile broadband s… 
those who serve in the military put themselves at risk to protect the freedoms we hold dear. those currently servin… 
what an awesome experience for the students in 's fermentation science program, applying what they l… 
it looks like the president may be thinking of restarting his family separation policy or some version of it. at th… 
women who serve should always have the same opportunity to excel as men who serve. thank you to lt. gen. laura j. r… 
in congress, i sponsor the bipartisan teachers are leaders act, which provides teachers with more ways to advance w… 
 : we stand with major league baseball in our commitment to putting an end to bullying. #spiritday 
this #spiritday, i’m wearing purple to stand against bullying. just like there is no word that rhymes with purple -… 
we must remove the stigma that’s associated with talking about suicide and provide folks with resources for prevent… 
 year olds who are still learning to speak shouldn’t have to go before an immigration judge, but it continues to h… 
we can and must make a difference when it comes to the human impact on #climatechange. 
this has been the driest year since . experts say we need - years of average or above-average snowfall to mak… 
our public lands belong to all of us, including wild horses. i have authored several amendments to stop the federal… 
why is the sky blue? what factors play into wildfires? how come the bee population is shrinking? is pluto a planet?… 
 : “i’ve really tried to take some of those lessons to make sure i can be a resource to other members of congress who hav…
we need an economy where everyone excels! it’s possible if only we ensure that everyone has access to a top-notch e… 
an increase of  degrees would cause a global crisis, plain and simple. the #parisaccord calls for an action plan t… 
truly heinous and sad. hunting is prohibited in rocky mountain national park. we must respect all the majestic wild… 
more and more people are climbing to the top! are you one of the estimated , hikers who climbed a colorado … 
if you are a student, fill out your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) for the - school year.… 
i am fighting to protect the endangered species act, which is helping bring many species back from the brink of ext… 
a special, heartfelt thank you to karen mahany, who is committed to making sure that nobody else has to suffer the… 
it’s about time! congress finally passed our helicopter fuel system safety legislation, and we expect it to be sign… 
we cannot be complacent in attempting to stop mass shootings. if we come together, we can make a difference.
we can start effecting change by enacting universal background checks and thoroughly studying the causes of gun vio… 
a year ago, the world witnessed a horrific shooting in las vegas,  people murdered, over  injured. we all lear… 
“reducing greenhouse gas emissions is the best way to reduce climate impact at the parks, the researchers said.” it… 
i’m proud to have voted alongside both democrats and republicans to take on the special interests and allow pharmac… 
when you or someone you love is sick, you shouldn’t have to worry about getting swindled. insurance companies shoul… 
we need a justice who will defend our right to privacy, and a justice who will provide a check on the executive bra… 
alongside many of my colleagues, i have urged the senate to fully investigate the accusations against brett kavanau… 
the next u.s. supreme court justice must be unwavering in moral character and a defender of the constitution. brett… 
shoutout to , ,  &amp; so many students from colorado for their input and involvement! we did it!
help is on the way, college students! the house of representatives just approved an education budget that allocates… 
it’s past time that every emergency helicopter is equipped with the safest possible fuel systems to prevent the unn… 
the post office in frisco could soon be named after the late patrick mahany, jr. i’m proud that all the representat… 
as the founder of the bipartisan congressional blockchain caucus, i’m pleased to welcome  &amp;… 
college students can save money by studying up on different types of loans, budgeting, and the pitfalls of debt soo… 
while the house of representatives does not confirm justices, like you, i’m following along closely and will do my… 
deborah ramirez, a fellow coloradan and constituent of mine, must be heard. judge kavanaugh’s appointment could cha… 
an important way we can address some of the problems that plague us, such as suicide, opioid abuse, and gun violenc… 
i will truly miss his friendship, and i will always admire his tireless public service.
i was honored to have collaborated with lew on many issues including after the big thompson flood when we jointly h… 
when i last checked in with lew last week, he was focused on working hard for the people of larimer county until his last breath.
my deepest sympathies to the family of lew gaiter, larimer county commissioner. may his family find peace in knowin… 
to all who observe, may this #yomkippur bring you peace and renewal. gmar chatima tova.
for those looking for information on the #silvercreekfire, please visit  to sign up for emer… 
did you know? i was named a fiscal hero of congress, alongside ! it is an honor, and i wish more member… 
teachers in colorado and across the country deserve better. i’ll continue speaking up for teachers in congress, bec… 
i spoke on the floor today in remembrance of the th anniversary of our historic flood of  and to celebrate our… 
in the years after the flood, coloradans have proven tenacious. along with , i am doing everything poss… 
 years ago, flood waters washed over  colorado counties. we got over  inches in the course of only  days.
this is a step in the right direction, but there is still more work to be done. i’ll continue to speak and act on b… 
it’s true - congress can learn a lot from startups! entrepreneurs achieve their goals by thinking outside the box -… 
 : i will vote “no” on supreme court nominee judge kavanaugh. here’s why: 
what’s old is new again? 
to reduce the likelihood of natural disasters (like floods and fires), we must act to minimize our carbon footprint… 
i’ve also had the privilege of meeting with sandy treat, a vibrant wwii veteran from colorado, and it is truly an h… 
in the moments, days, and even months after the attack, we exemplified love, resilience, and strength. as we honor… 
it wasn’t until the second plane hit that we knew. never on u.s. soil had innocent civilians been so brutally attac… 
 years ago, when news broke that a plane hit the world trade center in new york, we all wondered if it was a horr… 
happy rosh hashanah to all who observe the jewish new year! may the year ahead be filled with peace and good health. l’shanah tovah.
torturing animals is not necessary or just. i’ll always speak up for innocent animals. most recently, i’m proud to… 
apprenticeships can be a critical tool for connecting americans with good paying jobs and lifelong careers. at toda… 
if appointed, kavanaugh could affect the entire course of u.s. history, moving the court further right. while the h… 
we can’t ignore it. suicide is a growing problem. it’s time to reform the national suicide prevention hotline, givi… 
all students have the right to a safe learning space. it’s why i introduced the bipartisan student non-discriminati… 
a cold reminder of how fragile we all are. be kind to one another. we teach children by example. 
who’s going to win tonight’s 🏈 game? ? ? regardless of the outcome on the field, i’m so pr… 
as coloradans, we know the truth. allowing responsible adults to legally buy marijuana gives money to classrooms no… 
 : “we have to respond with the facts and continue to be an example to the nation on how to safely and effectively regulat…
sec. devos may allow schools to use federal education $ to buy guns. that $ is for new technology, art and stem cla… 
“let freedom ring from the snow-capped rockies of colorado.” 
all too familiar headlines - all too familiar pit in my stomach. my prayers are with jacksonville - my gratitude is… 
 : breaking: the #silvercreekfire has grown to over , acres and officials are evacuating old park 
another wildfire. please stay safe, everyone - and follow all evacuation orders. 
 : sugarloaf road is closed from mtn meadows to sugarloaf mtn. roads to the south (lost angel, owl creek, n gulch, good fri…
 : there is a wildfire near the  block of sugarloaf rd. reverse notifications were sent to  contacts in the area. ev…
wildfire in boulder county. please be safe and follow all evacuation orders:  #sugarloaffire
happy #coloradoday to our favorite state!  years old today, and still shining with all her wisdom and beauty. 
we interrupt normal programming to celebrate ... national avocado day! 🥑 the answer to this ny times headline: eat… 
military service should be about defending freedoms, not a mechanism to deny them. transgender americans should be… 
proud to have received an a rating from the  today! i’ll never stop striving to protect our wild spaces.
today,  are unveiling the #aimhigher act, the democratic vision for an accessible, affordable higher… 
alongside , , and  of my colleagues, i demanded immigration detention facilities end th… 
parents are being charged as much as $ per minute to merely speak to their children on the phone. the callousness… 
 : thank you to  &amp; sen.  for helping me lead this effort: in a letter sent to ice, about   memb…
was in gorgeous evergreen on saturday! always love hearing from constituents. at our town hall, we talked about eve… 
finally - the new colorado va hospital in aurora (the rocky mountain regional veterans affairs medical center) is o… 
we need to stand with our allies and in strong opposition to the rising tide of fascism and extreme nationalism tha… 
in one week, president trump attacked our allies in nato and cozied up to putin who funds and provides military sup… 
president trump is at best extremely weak and gullible on the international stage, and at worst is beholden financi… 
dreamers, if you had #daca at any point, you can still apply to renew your protections. go to… 
all you have to do is examine the special interest groups that are pushing for kavanaugh and his case history to kn… 
wish i could be there! be safe! #tubetoworkday 
the last few years have been the hottest on record, and we can’t deny the growing consequence of climate change. my… 
pruitt was the subject of over a dozen investigations, and i called for his resignation months ago, even sponsoring… 
be prepared - sign up for emergency alerts in your area and follow all fire restrictions and bans. 
happy independence day! although in many ways it has been a trying year, we know that our country is so much more t… 
we must keep family reunification at the forefront of people’s minds - that’s why i spoke out as a lawmaker who is… 
another wildfire is developing. this time in grand county. for information including evacuations and road closures,… 
 : there are multiple fires in the grand county area, all currently are outside of rocky mountain national park.  smoke is visib…
a wildfire is developing in the arapaho and roosevelt national forest in grand county, near the summit county borde… 
refugees and immigrants come here seeking a better life - and when they do, they help grow our economy. the trump a… 
this past week,  and i visited with  mothers at the immigration detention facility in aurora whose ch… 
 : thank you     &amp;  for taking action on methane leakin…
the #keepingfamiliestogetheract will finally stop  from separating children from their parents at t… 
news of emancipation reached enslaved african americans on #juneteenth in .  years later, our work is far fr… 
i couldn’t agree more, erin. separating children from their parents is inhumane. i’m a proud cosponsor of the… 
#pride month is about celebrating who we are - a colorful, diverse, and unified group. this past year has been diff… 
this #fathersday, i’m thinking of all fathers and especially migrant fathers who, like me, only want the best for t… 
yep, .  by replacing the gop tax scam with my students over special interests act, we can cancel out st… 
#eidmubarak to all celebrating in colorado and around the world! 
ever since i started in congress, playing on the congressional baseball team has felt like home. at tonight's… 
a loving father is a loving father, migrant or not. 
on now with , tune in! 
 : the  has issued a red flag warning in boulder county for today. this means that no open burning is allowed an…
 : .: families deserve to be together, i’m honored to join my colleagues - to reinforce the voice of father’s in c…
great meeting colorado pilots! ✈️ thanks for keeping us safe in the air. 
a big thank you to , , silverthorne pd, , , , red… 
thanks for the outstanding coordination between first responders across  on their quick response to… 
 : even though the smoke and flames are not as visible today, the #buffalofire is still an active wildfire. please tell y…
 : stage  fire restrictions are in effect for summit county. learn more here  #buffalofire
 : updates here and on our emergency blog at  re: #buffalomountainfire
 : for residents with pets left at homes in wildernest and mesa cortina, summit county animal control has a hotline at ()…
 : evacuees from mesa cortina and wildernest may go to the silverthorne recreation center for shelter  #buff…
from summit county: evacuation of buffalo mountain - residents in wildernest and mesa cortina above  grand, pleas… 
 : the buffalo mountain fire is estimated at roughly  acres right now, and it is sending out embers that are setting spot f…
you can sign up for emergency alerts for summit county here: 
please be safe and follow the guidance of emergency responders. 
 : mesa cortina and wildernest residents above  grand please evacuate your homes immediately.
today marks one of the darkest moments in not only lgbtq history but american history. this #pridemonth, i urge you… 
without further ado, i am announcing that we are sticking with the “s” on our sos bill. changing it to “b” just doe… 
my teachers are leaders act empowers local school districts to develop new leadership opportunities for their teach… 
despite overwhelming public support, the trump ’s repeal of #netneutrality starts today. i’m calling for a vote… 
i will always defend public lands and national monuments from attempts to degrade them. that’s why i sponsored a bi… 
for the past  years,  presidents –  republicans and  democrats – have used the #antiquitiesact to protect pu… 
healthcare should be affordable and accessible to all, and americans with pre-existing conditions shouldn’t face di… 
#equalpay = economic security for american families. that’s why i support the #paycheckfairnessact!
 : if an elk takes a selfie, is it an elkie?  enjoy these elk shots from our game cameras.  #wildlifewednesday https://t.…
 : beautiful day in the neighborhood.   #fortcollins | #stateofsummer   📸: imad_ on #instagram 
. is proposing a “transparency” rule that censors science and undermines the goals of the agency. al… 
president trump chooses money over working americans every day. we can and must hold him accountable. #nooneabovethelaw
when the colorado delegation works together to advocate for colorado, as we did here, we can move mountains (and tr… 
along with  of my colleagues, i’m taking trump to the u.s. district court for violations of the foreign emolumen… 
thrilled to have helped secure $ million in federal funding for i- west 🚗 less traffic means it’s easier for us… 
 : if you're frustrated by inaction in congress, you have the #mostclosedcongress in american history to blame. …
did you know nearly  in  colorado residents is an immigrant? this #immigrantheritagemonth, let’s celebrate the m… 
 school shootings in  weeks, and president trump’s sec. of education devos says their school safety commission… 
witness tampering and obstructing justice is always wrong, but just plain dumb if you are out on bail. 
we can and must provide lgbtq people with abundantly clear protections from discrimination in law. nobody should ha… 
the supreme court’s decision in the #masterpiececakeshop case is disappointing, but thankfully narrow in scope. now… 
we must close background check loopholes, study causes of gun violence, prohibit accessories used to convert legal… 
today i #wearorange for national gun violence awareness day. we are in the middle of a public health crisis. 
as the first gay parent ever to serve in congress, i want to wish you the happiest #pride! 
this is horrifying. this is not normal. this is not required by law. but this is where this president’s policies wi… 
that hasn’t stopped me from pushing for my  x  act to transition the entire country to % renewable energy by . i’m #stillin.
the u.s. took its ball and went home a year ago today when we became the only country in the world to exit the… 
everyone - from electrical workers to federal employees - who puts in a hard day’s work deserves to be protected un… 
i’m proud that one of my first votes in congress was to pass the lilly ledbetter fair pay act, &amp; now i’m a cosponso… 
when the moral compass of your administration is jeff sessions - you’ve got problems. 
proud to be that democratic lawmaker. we can cancel out student loan debt &amp; reduce the deficit - if only we replace… 
this #memorialday as i spend time with my family, i’ll be thinking about and praying for spc. conde and his family.… 
. - your decisions, your new policies separate children from their* parents at the border, not a “h… 
yesterday for #fosteryouthshadowday, i was proud to welcome tori from aurora. thank you for hosting, .… 
always nice to have folks from the cannabis industry on the hill. it’s time to end the federal prohibition on marij… 
when i heard  wasn’t reimbursing colorado for the $ million in flood recovery projects, i urged them to reim… 
coloradans are resilient. our recovery has come a long way, and we must celebrate the milestones while acknowledgin… 
 : last year, the  cost taxpayers $. trillion in corporate giveaways. today, student loan debt is $. trillion...…
 : last year, the  cost taxpayers $. trillion in corporate giveaways. today, student loan debt is $. trillion... and gr…
the #studentsoverspecialinterests act will repeal the gop’s corporate giveaways, and cancel out student debt across… 
 : last year, the  cost taxpayers $. trillion in corporate giveaways. today, student loan debt is $. trillion... and…
if we repeal the #goptaxscam’s corporate and special interest giveaways, we can cancel out all student loan debt- a… 
 : it’s time we help hard working americans get out from the mountain of debt they are under. #studentsoverspecialinterests…
 : the #studentsoverspecialinterests act repeals the republican tax plan and its $. trillion in corporate giveaways - r…
people need to know - special counsel robert mueller already has  indictments and  guilty pleas. pass it on. rea… 
the students over special interests act would cancel out student loan debt nationwide - all $. trillion of it - b… 
among other news: the republican majority has officially set the record for running the most closed congress in his… 
earlier today  told me she would protect transgender students as written in law. well, i have news for… 
reckless disregard another pruitt excuse time for him to go #haiku 
 : rep. polis: what are your plans to address lgbtq discrimination in schools? devos: the courts have been mixed on that.  http…
thank you for paving the way, harvey. #harveymilkday 
 : devos says the courts have “been mixed” on the issue of gender identity-based discrimination.  says the cou…
 :  asks why the administration has called for the elimination of the #titleii program in each of the last tw…
teachers deserve opportunities to grow in their field.  it's why i sponsor the teacher are leaders act. 
we must fully fund special education - public schools desperately and deservingly need additional resources. 
all students are entitled to an education free from discrimination! 
 : thank you  for urging your colleagues to stand up for our national forests and public lands against the #gopf…
#titlex gives women access to contraception and control over their lives, health, careers, &amp; economic security. pre… 
did you know there are , species protected under the endangered species act? of these,  call colorado home.… 
there are no words left to say, only actions left to do. 
 : #gopfarmbill slashes protections for our public lands, clean water &amp; endangered species. it is deplorable, to say the least.  …
it’s been  years since #brownvboard, but our classrooms remain far from equal. a recent  report proved stud… 
on this day in , the supreme court rendered school segregation illegal.  but today, we still have a long way to…  today, at the pacific technology alliance roundtable on rural broadband access, we talked about what can be done to… 
walking through independence with mayor mcardle today it’s obvious that the city is taking big steps. it will be ve… 
tune in to my interview on kpam’s “the afternoon answer” today at pm 
today, i had the opportunity to talk with  ap history students about our political system and how they… 
thank you to the student at st. paul high school who invited me to come speak in front of you and your classmates.… 
tune in to  at noon while i speak to mark mason about what’s going on in washington. 
 is one of the most popular farms in the willamette valley. offering corn mazes, hay castles, zip lines… 
successful business and industry in the portland metro area is no coincidence, it is the result of work done by org… 
congratulations to  in wilsonville on their ribbon cutting today! it’s always a pleasure to see new businesse… 
shadowing valor middle school principal jeff taylor today it’s clear how much he cares for the school and the kids… 
starting a small business can be an overwhelming task. groups like the happy valley business alliance help to make… 
it was a pleasure speaking with the keizer rotarians. this group raises tens of thousands of dollars for the commun… 
as oregon’s cannabis industry continues to grow, it’s important that consumers know exactly what they’re getting. t… 
folks from the  are always giving back to their community whether it’s planting trees at willamette… 
representing more than  willamette valley family farms, odds are your fresh oregon produce comes from .… 
during national principal month, i've been visiting principals at their schools to talk about what they are doing t… 
oregon city is undergoing a transformation, and i appreciated the opportunity to meet with many of the business own… 
for more than three decades,  grains have been a staple for many oregonians. while their stone milling… 
congrats to  for opening barlow hall, their new industrial technology center. oregon’s economy is chan… 
did you know that it’s national principals month? thanks to lake oswego high’s principal dickinson for showing me h… 
with a little help from the , the salem area mass transit district is modernizing its fleet of “”… 
pleased to meet with  yesterday to talk about this administration’s abhorrent immigration policy and wha… 
 : calling all th graders in oregon: governor brown is hosting an essay contest and the lucky winner will travel to washin…
congratulations to ralph, milo, and ruby sue on winning this year's cutest pets on capitol hill. if there's one thi… 
we’ve got a competition brewing at ’s #brewdemocracy! text schrader to -- to vote for heave… 
proud to join other oregon coast legislators today at #occes to talk about how we can ensure that our coastal commu… 
it’s not right that the dod is withholding veteran retirement benefits for some who were involuntarily called back… 
between their work raising money for local high school scholarships and volunteering on projects throughout the com… 
tmk creamery’s philosophy is, “it all starts on the farm.” as a farmer, i couldn’t agree more.  this family owned,… 
great to see the new hazelnut growers of oregon facility ready to process the next batch of oregon hazelnuts! our s… 
with events like their lobster feed, which raises an incredible amount of money for charity, there is no denying th… 
we need changes to house rules like the proposal my bipartisan problem solvers caucus issued earlier this summer to… 
as we approach leadership elections in the house, my support for our next speaker will only go to someone who will… 
great day on the molalla river with the molalla river alliance,   … 
having the  worldwide headquarters here in wilsonville means a lot of jobs for oregonians. i was ha… 
thanks to clackamas county for working towards their goal to end veteran homelessness. the veteran’s village is an… 
i always enjoy catching up with the oregon city rotarians. what a great group of civically minded people who work h… 
the number of homeless veterans on our streets is unacceptable. the work of the salem  veterans homeless s… 
amazing to see the work that recology organics is doing to move us toward a zero-waste future. with new technologie… 
pleased a bipartisan bill to strengthen our career and technical education programs that i cosponsored passed unani… 
(/) persecute families seeking asylum without due process. we have totally vacant leadership in congress. instead… 
the men and women who work for ice are not the problem and focusing in &amp; harping on the people who work at an agenc… 
i want to thank all the folks at  for your time and your thoughtful questions. it was a pleasure to… 
back in the day i was a small business owner in canby, myself. it’s always to pleasure speaking with local business… 
workers have a right to unionize in order to negotiate pay, benefits, and workplace protections and have been a lea… 
very pleased to have had the support of so many of my colleagues in the house today to pass my endangered salmon &amp;… 
today is the rd anniversary of marriage equality becoming law of the land but lgbtq people are still at risk of be… 
let’s make one thing clear: yesterday the president didn’t fix the immigration problem &amp; this house is not fixing t… 
i also joined my oregon colleagues to demand ag sessions immediately reverse the administration’s zero-tolerance po… 
today, i joined my  colleagues to demand a hearing into the child detention centers to get answers o… 
i'm proud to be a cosponsor of the #keepfamiliestogether act, along with more than  of my colleagues, to prohibi… 
great talking with the folks at the capital manor today. thanks to all of you who came to chat with me about the is… 
doing this doesn’t just go against every american value but every human value we hold. the president needs to end t… 
there is absolutely no reason to separate families or take small children away from their parents at the border. th… 
i'll be hosting a telephone town hall this wednesday at pm pdt. at the time of the town hall, we will give you a c… 
 : we are delighted to honor  with our conservation champion award for his leadership on the #firefix. our trus…
thanks to the th graders of the butte creek elementary social studies class. it was a pleasure to talk to you all… 
thanks to woodburn rotary for chatting with me today. good to see everyone &amp; best of luck with this year’s mud swea… 
rep.  and i met with kids involved in the migrant education program at woodburn high, which gives s… 
often misunderstood, red barn hemp produces cbd hemp oil products to offer people a safe and healthy alternative fo… 
as the business community in clackamas county continues to grow and diversify, it’s clear that the efforts of the c… 
stunning to see a sea lion take a bite out of a salmon at the willamette falls today. thanks to odfw for taking me… 
these oak gove th graders wrote to me to ask how they can work to build a stronger community together. thank you f… 
proud to join the student veterans at western oregon university tonight to celebrate the memories of our fallen ser… 
great visiting with all the members of the oregon city business alliance today. business is booming in this small c… 
congrats to the lake oswego high girls lacrosse team for taking home the state title! way to go, we are proud of yo… 
there are  sea lions at the base of willamette falls gorging on the salmon spring run right now.  says the… 
i signed the #queenofthehill discharge petition to allow a vote on a daca solution. this congress has dragged its f… 
i'm proud to cosponsor 's resolution of support for raising teacher pay and increasing investment in p… 
 : happening now: the blue dog special task force on rural america panel discussion on rural veterans with   …
chemawa indian school has great potential to serve american indians from all over the western united states. thank… 
have you ever heard of an elk ranch? well here in molalla, rosse posse acres is home to  head of elk (plus an ass… 
great to see the brentwood corp. cabinet manufacturing plant in molalla today. one of the most technologically adva… 
 : thank you to  for joining us,  &amp;  in celebrating #lwcf  last night. we applaud…
congrats to our  congressional art competition winner alicia johnson from molalla high school for her submissio… 
the land and water conservation fund is an essential tool for state and local governments to preserve their treasur… 
today i convened local officials and stakeholders to talk with us army corps leadership about the effects of… 
what a great day in the canyon to take a tour of the detroit dam. the us army corps works hard to manage this dam f… 
this week is #nationalparkweek &amp; as oregonians we love our national parks. the problem is, we love them too much &amp;… 
in celebration of earth day this week, i joined  students at crest who are getting their hands dirty a… 
proud to once again host my annual fishermen's roundtable in newport.  oregon coast fisheries are some of the most… 
unless congress acts, we stand to lose so many talented young people from our workforce &amp; communities, which is why… 
since the fall, i’ve been sharing the stories of oregonians who are also dreamers on the house floor because right… 
i signed on to the bipartisan special counsel independence and integrity act to require judicial review of any deci… 
icymi: i raised a number of privacy concerns i have with the way facebook manages our personal data yesterday durin… 
 : watch live: full committee hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg →  
great meeting with the  and touring the ran-tech engineering and aerospace facility today. thanks for sup… 
it’s always a pleasure to visit the . thank you for working to promote student achievement and lite… 
an incredible amount of work goes into providing fertilizer for our farmers. thanks to crop product services for th… 
make my day, mr. president. 
this is exactly why i’ve been working for years on solutions, like my bill hr , to save our endangered salmon i… 
it's national #agday! oregon is home to more than , farms, producing more than  types of crops. today is a… 
great talking to silverton rotarians today about what we’re working on in washington. thanks for the work you do to… 
 : kurt schrader: finding good information in the age of 'fake news' (guest opinion)  …
after meeting with local leaders in clackamas county, it’s clear that addressing transportation and infrastructure… 
. works strategically to ensure that our mid-willamette valley businesses are connected to the resources the… 
thanks to all the volunteer tax professionals who are helping to ensure that the people who need it most are gettin… 
congrats to mill city on an $ million grant to repair the north santiam river bridge, improve roads &amp; bicycle-pede… 
 : great meeting with  this morning! #iafflegcon 
the administration’s proposal to open up our coasts to oil drilling could be devastating to our oregon beaches and… 
oregonians overwhelmingly support enforceable protections to ensure an open internet and so do i. that's why i'm a… 
i've called for a -day extension to the public comment period on the administration's plans to roll back protecti… 
thanks to all the local leaders in lincoln county who took the time to talk with me today about how the i can help… 
local leaders are working hard in tillamook on issues like affordable housing, infrastructure repair, and emergency… 
i'm also a cosponsor of h.r., the automatic gunfire prevention act to ban bump stocks like those used in las ve… 
there are common sense, bipartisan steps that we can take to curb &amp; prevent this from continuing to happen. we can… 
it's been moving &amp; humbling this week to see the brave students from parkland become so active, but the reality is… 
thanks to everyone who came to my lincoln county town hall tonight. there is an incredible amount of engagement in… 
on this day in , oregon became the rd state in the union. more than  years later, we still boast some of t… 
oregon has a long tradition of dairy farming, and it was a pleasure to meet with the oregon dairy farmers assn to t… 
there are so many critical issues in polk county, i appreciate everyone who joined me at my town hall in dallas to… 
thanks to mayor figley and all the local leaders from marion and polk counties today who joined me to talk about ho… 
there’s an incredible amount of activism happening in tillamook county, and i appreciate all of you who took the ti… 
thank you to all the students who came today to learn about the united states service academies and how they can at… 
town halls are the most effective way for me to talk directly with my constituents. thanks to everyone in clackamas… 
today, i added my name to my colleague rep. doyle’s legislation (cra) that would overturn the fcc’s recent order to… 
i’m honored to have juan join me at the #sotu tonight. juan is an impressive young oregonian &amp; i’m committed to mak… 
last march, i introduced my bipartisan hold congress accountable act which would reduce the salary of members of co… 
my town hall in polk county originally scheduled for tomorrow, monday the nd, has been rescheduled. please see th… 
my town halls in tillamook and lincoln counties originally scheduled for tomorrow, saturday th have been reschedu… 
i wouldn’t expect a student government to operate this way, let alone the government of the most powerful nation in… 
four years ago i met three marine corps combat vets who wanted to make a space for people to come together by openi… 
thanks to all who came out to see senator merkley and me today to talk about the issues that matter to you most. it… 
tune in to news  at : while i speak to mark mason about what’s going on in washington.
thanks to the canby rotary for having me today. it’s a pleasure to talk with this group who is so dedicated to serv… 
happy to see the great work being done by . these folks design and manufacture each shoe to order, b… 
open enrollment ends at midnight tonight! make sure you've selected you health insurance plan or made changes to yo… 
open enrollment ends tomorrow! visit  to #getcovered before the dec.  deadline. 
what is still deductible in the #goptaxbill? medical expenses ✖️ student loans &amp; tuition waivers✖️ interest for big… 
#getcovered today! there are only three days left to visit  to buy or change your health car… 
#getcovered before it's too late. the open enrollment period when you can sign up for health insurance ends this fr… 
there are only five days left to #getcovered at  - find a plan that works for you and your f… 
your or house delegation is live on facebook talking about the damage the #goptaxbill will do. tune in:… 
as a long-time supporter of #netneutrality, i am incredibly disappointed with chairman pai’s decision to roll back… 
 : you know a great teacher, so why not nominate them for teacher of the year? 
open enrollment for health care is short this year: november st to december th. don’t miss your chance to… 
let’s get real. vote against #goptaxbill and let’s do real tax reform that is deficit neutral at least. for our kid… 
sent a letter to  raising concerns i have around chemawa indian school in salem following serious a… 
 :  of #oregon’s members of congress demand answers from interior dept about problems found at chemawa indian school in ’…
we’ve been getting a lot of calls, letters &amp; emails from oregonians since the gop introduced their tax bill. i will… 
yesterday i met with local veterans and community leaders to talk about what government and service orgs can do to… 
for the  farm bill to be successful, it’s critical that oregon farmers have a voice. thanks to all who took tim… 
specialty crops are critical to our rural economy. thanks to the aggies who took time from their farms to talk with… 
the #goptaxbill is fiscally irresponsible: adds &gt;$. trillion to the deficit &amp; is being jammed through without hea… 
 : . calls  chemawa stories "deeply troubling." schrader looks to "devise a course of action to investigate th…
catch me live on  this morning, talking about the work my bipartisan problem solvers caucus is doing this… 
protect your family w. an affordable plan that covers essential health benefits like er services. #getcovered --&gt; 
we have to work together to bring stability back to health care marketplace &amp; improve aca. read my plan to do that… 
took to the house floor today to share juan's story, an oregon dreamer with cerebral palsy. #dreamactnow 
open enrollment is here. if you aren't already covered or want to change your health care plan, visit:… 
 : happy halloween from avma! see halloween pet safety tips at . 
we must pass a clean #dreamactnow that will recognize dreamers, like diana, across the country as equal members of… 
¡este periodo de inscripción abierta, protege tu salud y la salud de tu familia! para más información visita… 
open enrollment is  weeks shorter this year: november  to december . don’t miss your chance to #getcovered.… 
always inspired by my conversations with young folks about american government. thanks to the  for tal… 
the paper &amp; wood products industry provides #mfg jobs in rural and urban communities across oregon and the country #celebratefp
great talking with clackamas county business alliance today, thanks for supporting our local businesses. 
the forest product industry requires great technical expertise to develop, innovate &amp; manufacture products we rely… 
 has been busy organizing triathlons, chili feeds, &amp; school donations! thanks for having me today. 
thanks to mckay high’s principal schoepper who gave me an opportunity to see how hard principals work for their stu… 
so many great projects happening in lake oswego right now, thanks to mayor studebaker for showing me around! 
pleasure speaking at the  this morning, thanks for being a strong voice for portland area businesses. 
trump just hiked premiums % on americans struggling to afford health care most. we offered a bipaisan fix months ago &amp; he ignored it.
 : today we’re celebrating #nationalfarmersday by taking you through a day-in-the-life of a tillamook dairy farmer. https…
 : ., , ,  &amp;  enjoyed productive discussions in 🇨🇦 ahead of #na…
. just released a contraception rule that would rip guaranteed birth control away from countless women. #protectourcare #reprorights
#dreamers: hoy es la fecha límite de renovación. ahora, más que nunca tenemos que aprobar la ley del #dreamact 
#dreamers: today is the deadline for renewal. now, we must pass the #dreamact. #protectdreamers ➙… 
the deadline to renew #daca is today →  #protectdreamers
retweet if you agree #extendchip 
does your daca expire between now &amp; march , ? submit your renewal application before october ,  asap →… 
 : watch now: #subenvironment looks at the impact of #wildfires in the west on air quality &gt;&gt;  https…
daca deadline: dreamers should mail their renewal app by today to make sure they are received by the oct  deadline→ 
i shared the story of leo from salem, a dreamer and youth leader in our community, today on the house floor.… 
#hr would criminalize abortions  weeks after gestation &amp; send our country backward. it’s past time to… 
joined my  colleagues to call for hearing to examine ways to stabilize the health insurance market 
intro'd #taxpayerdimeact with  so no taxpayer $$ is spent on gov't ✈️travel that violates rules for se… 
 : . &amp; i are fighting to ensure tax dollars aren't wasted on lavish gov't flights. our bill 👉 …
 : if you or someone you know is a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at …
unless congress acts by end of week, funding to support chcs will expire putting access to care for k+ oregonian… 
thanks to  lancaster family health center in salem for providing local and comprehensive family healthcare 
’s in salem has an incredible operation distributing the materials for oregon’s infrastructure project… 
 : under 's leadership, we're ready get back to work w rs to stabilize the marketplace &amp; improve the aca. https…
 : we agree with you, . a bill that impacts so many american lives should be done in a bipartisan way. https:…
student leaders from woodburn’s five high schools met with me today to talk politics. can’t wait to see what these… 
had a great meeting with  and the  chamber of commerce to talk about how we can supp… 
while some would divide us, i stand united with our immigrant communities. thanks to  for the honor… 
great speaking with local leaders of the north willamette valley today at the french prairie forum. thanks for all… 
 develops airplane gps technologies right here in salem, great talking to more than  of their loc… 
tune in now to news radio  where i’ll be taking to mark mason about what’s going on in washington. 
spoke with firefighters on the #whitewaterfire complex. thanks to all protecting oregon forests and homes. 
 : now:  getting briefed on multiple wildfires happening near detroit, in and around the mt. jefferson wildernes…
hey there - i've been working on bipaisan solutions all. year. 👉 
great speaking with  today about how my work in dc can help to support local business in north clacka… 
millions of working americans rely on medicaid for care. the #grahamcassidy repeal bill would steal from the progra… 
 million americans rely on community health centers for primary care. i #valuechcs and support extending their funding. #fixthecliff
we need to reform our forest management practices and we need to do it now. enough is enough. #eaglecreekwildfire 
took to the house floor today to call attention to the  wildfires raging across oregon &amp; the + more across the… 
read the letter my  colleagues &amp; i sent to equifax ceo seeking answers around the massive data breach 
joined  at the national association of counties this am to talk the importance of bipartisanship &amp; i…  the weatherization assistance program supports thousands of #energyefficiency jobs! did you know #energyefficiency… 
for  years the weatherization assistance program has made lasting improvements on the lives of families with low… 
it's national prescription drug take back day, which is a time to safely dispose of unused prescription medications… 
under the ongoing assault on protections for pre-existing conditions by the trump admin &amp; republicans, americans wi… 
 : h.r.  now has support from  representatives in congress. please join us in thanking  for continuin…
thank you for having me! 
i couldn’t be more proud to stand for lgbtq equality and receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard. no one sh… 
 : thank you, , for visiting with our employees and  to discuss solutions for the #opioid epidemi…
 : thank you , for co-sponsoring the ensuring lasting smiles act and helping people with #ectodermaldysplasia. #els…
proud to celebrate the grand opening of the new schenectady train station! a great day to celebrate the history and… 
as the grandson of dairy farmers, i understand the importance farming has on the community. that is why i am honore… 
 : h.r.  by  passed the house and senate yesterday. to rename the stop trading on congressional knowledge act o…
today on international day of the girl,  is honoring the remarkable  national gold award girl scouts… 
good news for social security – next year’s cola will be . percent. but with the rising costs seniors face – we n… 
as a member of congress, one of my top priorities has been improving our nation's mental healthcare system. for too… 
as a longtime advocate for those with mental illness, i fought in the new york state assembly to pass timothy's law… 
the  #climatechangereport must be a wake-up call to congress and #toxictrump. the time for #climateaction is now… 
thank you to  for your work as the chp tap for ny &amp; nj. and thank you to , ,… 
i am proud to help author the bipartisan chp support act with ! this bill would authorize combined hea… 
for over  decades, doe’s weatherization assistance program has provided weatherization services to millions of low… 
consumers put their trust in energy star because it saves them money on their utility bills. these products have sa… 
in nys #energyefficiency jobs comprise % of all construction jobs and % of all energy sector jobs. in ny- alo… 
through #energyefficiency, we can create jobs, innovate new technologies, save consumers money, and protect the env… 
today is national energy efficiency day. as a long time champion of energy efficiency and clean energy jobs, i beli… 
happy to celebrate #manufacturingday at ! thank you for showing me all of the amazing work you do d… 
manufacturing is the fifth-largest employer in the u.s. i believe in giving incentives to hire and re-train veteran… 
throughout #manufacturingweek it is important to recognize the nearly , people in the capital region who work… 
we are honored to have such dedicated teams of first responders in the capital region. join our grants workshop as… 
 : we are so lucky to have a true mental health champion  has part of our  family. thank you for com…
 : thank you to  for your hard work on the #faareauthorization! thank you for all you did to keep two fully-traine…
proud to honor my friend, the late louise mcintosh slaughter. thank you to my colleagues for unanimously passing th… 
 : thank you  for your leadership in expanding access to buprenorphine in the final #opioid legislative package! #hr…
even the trump administration admits that climate change is real. we must reclaim our seat at the table as the glob… 
 :  says for the sake of #smarthgrowth we need a federal urban policy to revitalize inner cities and that it…
 : thank you to the members of congress who were able to join us at the #ascoadvocacysummit reception this evening! …
glad i got to attend the ny walk to end alzheimer's in albany on saturday. this critical issue needs more federal s… 
one of america's greatest natural treasures is our public lands system, which covers nearly  million acres acros… 
today, on pow/mia recognition day, we remember the brave individuals who have been lost or captured while in service of our country.
as our fellow citizens in puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands continue to rebuild one year after the devastatio… 
thank you  for having me yesterday! it is wonderful to see a small business using innovative manufacturing… 
 : . tells  “it’s amazing how quick we are to purchase new automobiles, cell phones....but we’re conte…
 : . tells  u.s. isn’t providing adequate funding for its hidden infrastructure
 : .⁦⁩ in the congressional corner with ⁦⁩ 
happy #citizenshipday! i am proud to be an american and i look forward to celebrating the true spirit of this day a… 
as a proud cosponsor of the guarantee access to arts and music education act, which would encourage school district… 
national suicide prevention week brings awareness to a disease that has long carried with it a stigma that has stif… 
thank you ranking member  for your support of #cleanwater and the aqua act.   
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. ht…
in the midst of national preparedness month, it is reassuring to see the work companies like members of… 
it was a pleasure to attend president harris’ inaugural festivities. i look forward to working together as we striv… 
the trump administration’s decision to roll back 's methane rule is reckless. methane is a potent greenhouse ga… 
today we reflect on the tragic events that occurred on the morning of sept. , . please join me in honoring th… 
after blowing up the deficit by giving a handout to the wealthy at the expense of the middle class,… 
 : did you know  was awarded the green leader award by american honda company?  paid a visit to di…
l’shanah tovah to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah tonight! 
i've always believed in the importance of quality literacy education so that children &amp; families have the support &amp;… 
museums are a vital part of our communities and educational infrastructure. i am proud to support the many museums… 
 : behind the scenes from today’s hearing with . 
 : "we know many of our #rural communities are overlooked and underserved. we should use this opportunity to invest in rura…
 : new york dem : final version should protect dairy farms, protect snap families, and promote sustainability.
as the grandson of dairy farmers &amp; a lifelong resident of upstate ny, i am proud to be a member of this year’s farm… 
america's labor unions fought for a  hour work week, safe conditions &amp; fair pay for hard work. they continue to f… 
income inequality keeps working families from the paychecks &amp; opportunities they deserve. u.s. policies shouldn't m… 
today we celebrate america's working families, folks who dig deep week after week to keep our economy and our natio… 
overdoses are the greatest cause of death for americans under . i am proud to have sponsored the addiction treatm… 
i am calling for a hearing on 's mismanagement of toxic chemicals. tsca is not being implemented as it was writ… 
thank you  for having me! i applaud you for your commitment to ensure that we inspire our nation’s future… 
john mccain was a statesman. his commitment to service &amp; willingness to sacrifice for others were legendary. he hel… 
raiding student mental health &amp; anti-bullying programs to buy guns for teachers takes money from solutions that mak… 
douglas international is a service-disabled veteran-owned small business in watervliet, ny with a reputation for ma… 
 : . visited douglas industrial, a veteran-owned local business, on thursday. owner doug plotz's company was…
excited for our  workshop this morning at  to help local non-profits pursue f… 
to all of our capital region friends and loved ones celebrating this week, eid mubarak! 
this proposal not only ignores the clear and growing threat of climate change, it exposes countless families and co… 
great visit to a legendary local manufacturer—as an engineer, i love seeing this kind of equipment come to life! 
 : last week,  joined our #stem research institute teachers to discuss their work, how it impacts their teaching…
way to go, priyanka! 
this impressive clean energy facility is reducing #carbon pollution right in our own backyard. thanks to … 
to the sun! ’s parker #solarprobe mission is on its way to study *space weather* around the sun via cape canav… 
 : tonko visits local factories, highlights stem's role in growing economy 
overdoses are the # cause of death for americans under , and this tragic and preventable death toll keeps rising… 
our fight for #netneutrality is about keeping the internet free &amp; open, never slowed or censored at the private whi… 
yes, you read that right. chlorpyrifos is a pesticide that impairs brain development in young children. the current… 
u.s. cou: "there was no justification for epa’s decision in its  order to [continue allowing] #chlorpyrifos i… 
 : broadband access has become essential to education, healthcare, economic development, public safety &amp; so much more. to…
we’re delighted to have him! broadband access is the foundation for countless opportunities—especially for… 
the civil rights act was signed into law  years ago today. in , the supreme court gutted its voter protection… 
in just the past few days, multiple u.s. senators’ accounts were targeted by cyberattackers. we need to fully inves… 
when medicare &amp; medicaid were created  years ago, most seniors couldn’t get health coverage. today, medicaid alon… 
 years ago today, on july , , new york became the th state to join the union.   happy birthday new york! 
the trump admin was given a deadline of today to reunite ,+ children ripped from their families. officials now… 
overdoses are now the single greatest cause of death for americans under . as we take action to address the opioi… 
a new report shows the years of relentless gop attacks on america's healthcare system are having an effect:  in … 
president trump nominated #brettkavanaugh for a lifetime on the supreme court to roll back roe v wade, a key decisi… 
broadband internet access has become the heartbeat of opportunity for our local &amp; national economies. i'm delighted… 
i went to the house floor to speak against a gop effort to undermine even our most basic efforts to #actonclimate.… 
i'm honored to be named a conferee as we go into negotiations with the senate on the #gopfarmbill. i will fight any… 
 : epa proposal to omit #science using data that can’t be publicly released--such as research using personal health care data-…
when the president refuses to stand up to bullies like vladimir putin and defend american interests abroad, he is a… 
for reasons he desperately needs to explain to the american people, president trump refuses to acknowledge the clea… 
congress has a clear &amp; irrefutable duty to hold agencies responsible for the reunification of thousands of children… 
the trump administration has refused to uphold #aca law, an issue likely to end up in the supreme court. judge kava… 
in recent months, the increasingly ideological supreme court has eroded many of these rights. if the president’s la… 
...to step up when congress fails on issues such as gun violence prevention and environmental protections. we also… 
we have long upheld the rights of workers to join together to bargain for better wages and working conditions, the… 
republicans stonewalled a supreme court nomination for more than a year, arguing that people have a right to be hea… 
president trump’s #scotus nomination of brett kavanaugh extends his push to pack the court with extremists who supp… 
i hope today’s long overdue announcement brings an end to a regrettable chapter in this great agency’s history.… 
he showed an incessant drive to enrich himself at the expense of us taxpayers &amp; federal ethics rules. when details… 
scott pruitt proved time &amp; again that he was unfit to lead the . he leaves behind a legacy of embarrassing scan… 
i was honored to join the summer meals collaborative kick-off today. sadly, there are more than , food insecur… 
my hope for today, and every day, is that we can look past our differences and come together as a nation to celebra… 
on this #independenceday let us remember that we're a nation of diverse backgrounds &amp; experiences. let us reflect o… 
i was proud to join so many concerned citizens this weekend at the families belong together march in albany to dema… 
 : a smart piece of opioid overdose prevention legislation sponsored by  has passed the house. …
this is wrong. american workers have a fundamental right to join together to bargain for fair wages, safer workplac… 
religious freedom is a core american value enshrined in our first amendment. today's #supremecourt decision puts th… 
 : tonko: we have always honored those who seek asylum. it’s a code of decency. it’s an important expression of american streng…
 : tonko: this is a painful exercise. this is one that will be life-altering for them and it’s a cruel approach. how do we tole…
 : rep. paul tonko (d - amsterdam): as a grandchild of immigrants, it is abhorrent that we would be treating children and infan…
 : buprenorphine saves lives. thanks to  and , it could soon be more accessible all across the…
a just society, a civil society, a truly american society, just doesn't do this to children and families.  thanks t… 
good news! the house just voted to advance my bill to expand access to life-saving #addiction treatment. overdoses… 
 : it’s time for us to step up &amp; protect america’s best parks program. last night  members , , …
 : . co-chair  on the need to #savelwcf: “the #lwcf has assisted my state for more than  years to protect so…
rural schools, businesses, farmers &amp; healthcare providers need high-speed #broadband to provide critical services t… 
rural communities often struggle to secure capital for infrastructure and economic development. this #gopfarmbill i… 
farmers and rural businesses have been able to make excellent use of #farmbill programs to help lower energy bills… 
in the face of chaotic #trade policies coming out of the white house, farmers have repeatedly asked for more fundin… 
this one is so wrong it’s stunning: the #gopfarmbill still requires #snap recipients to confront former partners to… 
in fact, after what’s called a “manager’s amendment”, the #gopfarmbill’s workforce bureaucracy will actually knock… 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s also untrue. , househol… 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t cut #snap. that’s still untrue. h.r.  cuts $. billion in benefit… 
#breaking-- the house is re-voting on an amended-but-still-terrible republican #farmbill today.   many troubling th… 
 : thank you  for supporting nurses and advocating for what we believe in. we must fight the opioid crisis. #anahi…
republican leaders are planning to bring their awful #farmbill up for a vote soon, possibly as early as this week.… 
a great nation builds bridges, not walls. today congress should convey the message that the u.s. will not abandon t… 
today we celebrate #juneteenth marking the abolition of slavery in the united states more than  years ago. we he… 
i am cosponsoring the keep families together act, a bill that would prohibit dhs from separating children from thei… 
in the first  weeks of its so-called "zero tolerance" policy, the trump administration has separated , childre… 
 : “make no mistake, we are witnessing serious, concerted attacks on science and expertise within the federal government,” …
my reaction on  this morning on the trump administration policy of separating children from their families: 
my heartfelt congratulations and thanks to  for  years of impactful investments in u.s. engineeri… 
to all our friends and loved ones celebrating eid today, #eidmubarak! 
in the months before this so-called "zero tolerance" family separation policy was announced, some  children were… 
these are not the actions of a great nation, nor of a people who believe in strength of family. this must end. i am… 
in just  weeks of their new border policy taking children from parents, the trump admin broke up more than  fam… 
 : rep. paul tonko (d-ny) is in our studio to take your calls &amp; tweets on the opioid crisis &amp; other news of the day  follow along…
delighted to be joining  on  this morning! 
 : fri |  (d-ny) will discuss how the house of representatives is trying to remedy the opioid crisis. tune in at am…
 : .: we need scientists to speak out and speak out now. #sciencenotsilence
 : . highlights the work of  on federal websites--"the trump administration has been scrubbing…
 : .: "attacks on science and the undermining of federal scientists hinders our ability to rely on expertise an…
 : starting now: #sciencenotsilence event is kicking off with opening remarks from  of new york.  unable to attend? w…
 : both  and  are critical of #epa's proposed rollback of its risk management program #rmp impro…
 : . hosting an event today titled "risks posed to climate and energy data from political interference." speakers inc…
 : a week after this story about concerns re: campaign contributions from/favoritism for one drugmaker, 's long-st…
 : congressman paul tonko receives the well deserved above &amp; beyond award from national mha. pictured with mhanys board chai…
 :       house republicans and democrats…
the trump  rollback of #netneutrality protections starts today. so if certain websites or services start gettin… 
 : thanks for fighting for retirees ! we appreciate your votes to protect #medicare and #socialsecurity https…
as a reminder... 
the trump administration announced today that it won't uphold the u.s. law that protects #healthcare coverage for a… 
 : if you or someone you know is a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at …
americans lost nearly , of our neighbors, friends &amp; loved ones in  to the silent epidemic of suicide. we'r… 
 : experts have told me allowing np and pa prescribe buprenorphine and increasing the number of patients a doctor can prescr…
forcing taxpayers to bail out uncompetitive generators is not a sustainable path forward, but they will find willin… 
i urge the trump administration to drop this charade and come to congress with proposals that: . strengthen cybers… 
policymakers have a long history of debating and supporting grid attributes that are not adequately addressed in en… 
puerto rico's blackout during and after hurricane maria, like most outages, was not caused by a lack of electricity… 
the leaked nsc memo outlining this energy bailout shows the trump administration has missed the point entirely, wit… 
i am concerned that ratepayers are being asked to pay for a proposal cooked up with seemingly no regard for its hig… 
a  review found fuel emergencies/deficiencies at power plants resulted in .% of total customer… 
  the department of energy’s second quadrennial energy review showed failures in u.s. electri… 
  i've written before about america's need to refocus on grid resilience instead of pushing c… 
  in january, federal energy regulators unanimously rejected that "fuel assurance" proposal.… 
i questioned  last october on whether the department of  had looked at cost when it was cooki… 
 let’s be clear, fuel assurance doesn't guarantee generation after a disaster. during the polar vortex, coal… 
as a reminder, in september the  department launched a rulemaking process under section  of the doe organ… 
much of this was revealed thanks to a leaked -page nsc memo showing president trump’s department of energy planni… 
that would be an unprecedented market intervention, and not just unnecessary and legally indefensible but would act… 
america is long overdue for an honest national conversation about securing, strengthening &amp; modernizing our electri… 
the trump administration has floated a proposal to bail out uncompetitive electricity generators. it’s a costly, un… 
according to new york’s department of financial services, "without the federal action, the average requested rate i… 
remember when gop leaders put a partial #healthcare repeal in their #taxscambill &amp; experts said rates would skyrock… 
 : stories from the #opioidcrisis -  and a message from a firefighter ($)   https://t…
america ended self-pardons + yrs ago when we won independence.  "we hold these truths to be self-evident, that a… 
waiting for pipes &amp; pumps to break is the most expensive &amp; painful way to manage our public water systems  my bipar… 
 : tonko aims to re-authorize school-based health centers for the next five years.   …
 : grateful to  , hometown health &amp;  for including  in today's #sbhc tour and round table discussion…
 : thank you  for visiting the  hometown health center today &amp; taking time to talk w the scsd mobil…
 : thank you  for generously donating books from the  to cohoes middle school! our students…
 : pleased to join  this morning during his visit to ’s commercial bakery and distribution cente…
it’s called “the cookie factory.” lived up to its name &amp; more. thanks for a great visit, ! #troyny 
 :  a: congress can pass legislation introduced by  to strengthen scientific integrity at federal agencies…
lowe’s is doing right by pulling dangerous chemical methylene chloride off its shelves.  proposed banning it in… 
one of the highest honors for a public servant is to pay tribute to our nation’s veterans and active duty service m… 
 : #pollutingpruitt continues to do the bidding of the chemical industry --- this time delaying the release of a study on…
 :  thank you for the books and the visit!   
as americans, we give this day to remember those brave men &amp; women who have given their lives in armed service of o…   : hey  --   stop with the lies and distractions &amp; actually stand up for pre-existing condition protections.…
. is the latest in a growing line of trump appointees charged with protecting american land, water,… 
icymi: mail delivery problems continue to plague chicago, but i'm working to correct the problem and hold  acc… 
great to celebrate “scout’s cerveza's" brew across america win with  employees &amp; many awesome chicagoan… 
honored to speak at ’s #jewsforrefugees assembly and attend the  #walkendalz today. we must… 
nearly  million #immigrants in #illinois contribute billions to our state's economy every single year. immigrants… 
horrified and saddened to learn of the tragedy at #treeoflifesynagogue today. i stand with the jewish community in… 
in his ongoing mission to ignore #climatechange &amp; seemingly accelerate its devastating impacts, trump now plans to… 
 : thank you to ’s office for meeting with us rdns today! i’m so happy to have a representative who underst…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day, a bi-annual event that helps us dispose of unused prescriptio… 
today, i joined ,  &amp; other #illinois #democrats in releasing a staggering report detail… 
you deserve to have confidence in the delivery of life-saving medicines, bank statements, passports &amp; other vital d… 
the repeal of the individual mandate, the end of cost sharing reduction (csr) payments &amp; the expansion of skeleton… 
from medicare &amp; social security to housing &amp; transportation, if you are an #il senior needing help navagating the… 
thank you to the + #seniors who came to my th annual senior fair at the salvation army in norridge today! it i… 
for republicans, #deficits only matter during democratic administrations. 
curious about the tactics russians deploy to interfere in our #elections?  report provides a detaile… 
joined house dems in calling on  to allow greater public participation &amp; #transparency in decisions rel… 
alarming new report by  shows black women in #il are x more likely to die from #pregnancy-related problems th… 
and to think in july , john bolton said russian meddling was "a true act of war, and one washington will never… 
icymi:  has grossly mishandled the #publicserviceloanforgiveness program, denying .% of applicants.   pr… 
as vice chair of the  &amp; a founding member of the #transgender #equality task force, i am joining conce… 
this administration continues to show just how low it will go, now seeking to effectively abandon #transgender peop… 
shameful doesn't even begin to cover it. there is no reason or justification to attack the lives of  million indiv… 
getting in the holiday spirit at the #roscoevillage #halloween celebration 🕸 
a great october night at elmwood park fall fest &amp; norridge halloween spookracular event! #il 
when it comes to the murder of jamal #khashoggi's ...  secretary pompeo says: "let's give them a few more days to i… 
from hiawatha park senior bingo to the jefferson park forward community meeting to the heart of lincoln square neig… 
the trump administration’s new proposal to rebuild the existing pennsylvania avenue facility could cost hundreds of… 
"asked twice about the white house's role by rep. quigley, murphy said the directions to redevelop the downtown hea… 
 “the inspector general said that [the gsa administrator] misled us. i suppose that's a d.c. euphem… 
icymi: "rep. mike quigley (d-il) called on general services administrator emily murphy to testify again about presi… 
 : "there's some real truth to the old adage that 'absolute power corrupts absolutely.'   republicans have not shown the respo…
 thanks to palmer elementary’s staff, #teachers &amp; #students for having me! and a special shout-out… 
it was a privilege to serve as #principalforaday at palmer elementary school! this fantastic initiative strengthens… 
given his strong public interest in the property, trump should have avoided all interactions or communications rela… 
new emails describe the fbi hq decision as “direction from the white house,” “what potus directed everyone to do" &amp;… 
in april, i asked #gsa administrator murphy about the plan to scrap #fbi hq relocation &amp; whether or not she had com… 
great people &amp; a great cause! thanks to blaine elementary school for having me at their annual run ‘n’ fun. #il 
the #greatlakes coastal resiliency study will help gauge the health of our coastline &amp; better protect the region fr… 
since the beginning of , my #il district offices have received numerous complaints about #mail delivery that… 
proud to be an advocate for the #lgbtq community &amp; an ardent supporter of equal rights for all. thank you to  f… 
picking up a few pumpkins at the #elmhurst farmers market. what are your favorite fall activities in #il? 
#illinois taxpayers already pay significantly more than the national per capita average in federal taxes even thoug… 
have a passion for policy, politics or press? interested in learning about the inner-workings of a congressional of… 
congrats on one year, ! 
the #greatlakes are a precious natural resource that require our time &amp; attention. from thwarting the threat of… 
this week, i joined members of the #greatlakes task force in urging  to support several projects that are o… 
 days to go until the #midterms &amp; we still haven't safeguarded our #election systems from foreign interference. w… 
icymi: #chicago is leading the nation in closing the disparity in #breastcancer mortality rates between african-ame… 
in response to these concerns, i also used my position as the top democrat on the subcommittee overseeing #usps to… 
it's clear these issues w/ our #mail delivery service are having a substantially negative impact on the #il commu… 
#il residents, have you ever had issues with  delivering your #mail to the wrong address, receiving damaged… 
great to join 's  show for a light-hearted take on this week’s politics &amp; next week’s… 
stories like these remind me of the ongoing fight to advance #transparency at all levels of government. #foia shoul… 
. project found an % increase from  to  in anti-#lgbtq homicides.   hateful rhetoric &amp; discr… 
today is the th anniversary of the tragic death of #matthewshepard. i'm proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor… 
cage pods, foil blankets, portable toilets, incredibly cold temperatures.  while migrants are only held for up to … 
this week, i traveled to southeast texas to learn more about the influx of migrant families &amp; children crossing the… 
the .% cost-of-living adjustment (cola) increase is good news for seniors, vets &amp; disabled workers who have earne… 
coming out takes courage &amp; everyone’s story is different. regardless of the path your journey has taken, know that… 
today, i visited the u.s.-mexico border to see the consequences of this administration’s zero-tolerance… 
i joined a bipartisan group of members in urging trump to appoint an election security coordinator to oversee… 
this should horrify everyone. thanks to trump's heartless policy, hundreds of children remain in detention, shelter… 
 $ million for fy.
i secured $ million for new #electionsecurity grants in fy. every single state requested $$ from these grants… 
it was irresponsible &amp; reckless for republicans to leave washington before the #midterms without addressing… 
new  poll shows  in  americans are concerned about #electionsecurity, as they absolutely should be. our… 
~ in  adults will suffer from some mental illness in their life, and yet some in congress still want to cut… 
president trump will put thousands of lives at risk by forcing #tps holders back to countries ravaged by wars &amp; nat… 
#smallbiz creates #jobs &amp; spurs growth, which is why we must promote economic conditions that help them succeed. i… 
honored to receive 's champion of #smallbusiness investing award. i thank them for this special rec… 
we have until  to reduce global emissions by a third or the world will suffer more intense storms, worsening fo… 
proud to cosponsor the “no federal funds for public charge act” to protect the most vulnerable &amp; ensure no federal… 
the innovators at #lend are poised to radically improve how consumers &amp; businesses transfer money, make payments… 
great to join hundreds of #entrepreneurs at the #lend conference, where i discussed ways congress can respond to… 
new alarm: continued emissions of greenhouse gases from power plants &amp; vehicles will bring dire &amp; irreversible chan… 
enjoyed welcoming in fall with lincoln square ravenswood chamber of commerce's st annual apple fest! a real treat… 
opening night for the ! here’s to a win tonight &amp; great season ahead. #gohawks 
 : thank you , , , , , , + democratic u.s.…
temperament &amp; independence.  in addition to the credible allegations of sexual assault made against him, these are… 
the #kavanaugh fbi investigation did not include interviews with key sources &amp; was prevented from accessing key doc… 
.'s failure to meet sept. deadline to re-post #lgbt resources is unacceptable. every day this guidance is un… 
#housing discrimination in the #lgbt community is not a small problem. did you know: an estimated % of homeless y… 
. had a sept.  deadline to review &amp; re-publish #lgbt housing resources on the  website—res… 
proud to add my voice in opposition to the #epa's new rule that will increase emissions of dangerous pollutants &amp; n… 
black college students in #il are only half as likely as their white counterparts to earn a yr degree within a yr… 
new article by  further proves what we've known all along: trump is "fluent in the language of half-truths… 
i applaud  for doing the right thing: raising its #minimumwage to $ an hour, benefiting as many as ,… 
they really know how to make an already horrific &amp; inhumane situation that much worse...   uprooting migrant childr… 
bigoted #un announcement will force "those living in countries without marriage equality to choose between a postin… 
this unnecessary, discriminatory shift serves  purpose: to advance the admin's appalling record on #lgbtq rights.… 
as a criminal defense attorney for over a decade, i weigh in on the fbi investigation into judge #kavanaugh.   see… 
curious about the social cost of carbon? read more about the policy tool that attaches a price tag to the long-term… 
new study shows that the u.s. will bear % of the economic cost caused by rising world temperatures—second only to… 
today marks the final phase of preparation for the th street rail corridor improvement project—in addition to the… 
#epa’s directive is clear: to protect clean air, clean water, and clean land for us all—not to prop up corporations… 
the dire consequences of the #dirtypowerscam: -, premature deaths per year by  -, new cases of exacerb… 
proud to join activists &amp; advocates at today’s #epainil rally in opposition to trump’s #dirtypowerscam. this giveaw… 
in the year since the tragic #lasvegasshooting, i've introduced several common-sense measures to keep #guns out of… 
 year ago today,  people were murdered &amp; + were injured due to senseless #gunviolence that too often takes li… 
by finally requiring the  to establish a lead contamination testing program for all schools, we can better ensu… 
did you know there is currently no federal law requiring the testing of drinking water in #schools? in fact, only … 
lead in school drinking water poses an invisible yet grave threat to our children—a threat that demands the immedia… 
 : at noon today, we’ll be rallying against president trump’s #dirtypowerscam 🏭. thanks  for joining us to…
stopped by the north park community market today! great to meet many mather high school volunteers. 
great to stop by our neighborhood playgrounds &amp; parks with the hawthorne neighborhood association! 
 : trump's administration is predicting a  degree rise by , and worse, they are willing to accept catastrophic levels of warmin…
this. is. major. on its current course, the planet will warm a disastrous  degrees by the end of this century. the… 
as the house adjourns until the november election, i encourage all americans to ask themselves this: do you want yo… 
when i directly asked nunes whether the timing of this decision was directed by wh or trump's legal team, he refuse… 
#transparency cannot be executed in part. to be achieved, it must be all encompassing. again, republicans are showi… 
as republicans in the senate regrettably move to confirm brett kavanaugh, republicans on hpsci are seizing the oppo… 
to my #il constituents &amp; other concerned citizens across the country, please read my thoughts on the #kavanaugh v… 
now, it's time for the american people to send their message to republicans. vote, vote, vote. 
republicans' message to women &amp; survivors everywhere: you will not be heard or believed.   republicans' message to… 
proud to sign the below letter on behalf of dr. ford &amp; survivors everywhere.   it's unconscionable that senate repu… 
dr. ford, thank you for your courage &amp; your commitment to civic duty. your testimony was heart-wrenching &amp; powerful… 
“#russians were in a position to do more damage than they did... i worry we got lucky.” -   we can’t leave… 
the $ million i secured for new #electionsecurity grants is a step in the right direction, but it’s not enough t… 
“the most important form of defense is making sure every state has paper records of the ballots cast.” -… 
 : today  professor  demonstrated the potential for hacking #voting machines with  and …
sparking with    on various #voting machine models &amp; the role of paper ballots in sec… 
right now:  is showing us just how easy it is to #hack into our #voting machines. watch live at… 
 : right now: cdt's senior technologist  is moderating a briefing on election security that includes a live hacking de…
proud to stand with my democratic colleagues to say: we #believesurvivors! and we stand with them as they courageou… 
not in dc? you can still watch our #election #hacking briefing &amp; demonstration live at  at … 
#immigrants who play by the rules, pay taxes &amp; contribute to our communities could now risk deportation if they did… 
 : i secured $ million in new fy grants to update our election infrastructure &amp; upgrade our #security. unfortunately,…
a second round of republican tax cuts would add an additional $. trillion to the federal #deficit over a decade!… 
as co-founder &amp; co-chair of the #transparency caucus, i'm proud to cosponsor legislation to stop the flow of foreig… 
this kind of hate, violence &amp; discrimination has no place in our sports, our schools, or on our streets. 
i secured $ million in new fy grants to update our election infrastructure &amp; upgrade our #security. unfortunat… 
my favorite part of #undercovercongressman is the opportunity to meet face-to-face w/ the passionate workers who ma… 
i couldn't agree more, which is why i intro'd the bipartisan #greatlakes fishery research authorization act to equi… 
a new, first-of-its-kind public opinion poll shows % of #illinois residents want all #greatlakes states to work t… 
it was a privilege to honor #il #veteran, larry o’krepky, with a #vietnam medal ceremony this afternoon. for your… 
a few important questions on #nationalvoterregistrationday...   are you registered to vote? do you know where to go… 
our timely discussion &amp; live demonstration of ‘hacking’ into a voting machine in real-time will illustrate just how… 
in july, we introduced the "prevent #election #hacking act" to help combat these threats through the creation of a… 
as we rapidly approach the midterm #elections, we must seriously acknowledge &amp; address the #cybersecurity weaknesse… 
stopped by —another innovative business in #il—as part of my ongoing #undercovercongressman serie… 
 : if trump fires rod rosenstein, it is obstruction of justice in the most fundamental sense. appointment of a new deputy…
today, from my #il office, i’m joining concerned citizens &amp; women’s groups across the us in wearing black &amp; walki… 
reminder: % of sexual assaults go unreported. that is not the fault of the survivors. it is the fault of a cultur… 
in advance of thursday’s trump-rosenstein meeting &amp; whatever comes from it… i have an important reminder for my col… 
if trump fires rod rosenstein, it is obstruction of justice in the most fundamental sense. appointment of a new dep… 
was great to join  ceo scott ammarell, staff &amp; volunteers at the #aids foundation of #chicago’s annu… 
did you know the most #cleanenergy jobs in the midwest come from cook county? , to be exact!  to show your s… 
we don't need a new study to tell us what we've known all along, but these findings are an important reminder about… 
numbers to know...  - believes there are +m displaced people worldwide -over % of the world’s #refugees are… 
proud to cosponsor legislation asking president trump to set the #refugee ceiling at no less than ,. the admi… 
 : thank you very much to members of congress     for spending tim…
enjoyed stopping by the year's last green city market at gallagher way! looking forward to next season. #il 
#cleanenergy isn't just good for our #environment; it also creates thousands of #jobs right here in #illiniois. i'm… 
 : nijc was glad to be a part of this conversation with  and other community leaders. thanks to  for hostin…
staing soon: if we’re serious about improving maternal health, we must understand the root causes that put new mo… 
in july, i secured $ mil for  efforts to study &amp; address maternal death—today, i look forward to bringing t… 
unfortunately, stories like carla espinoza's are not uncommon thanks to the trump administration's policy uncertain… 
#latino leaders &amp; advocates i met w/ are making a substantial, positive difference in our communities &amp; i look fwd… 
yesterday's roundtable discussion gave me an even greater appreciation for the many contributions made by the latin… 
thanks to the edgebrook community association for having me at tonight’s meeting! #il 
as an american citizen, member of the intelligence cmte. &amp; the top democrat on the #appropriations financial servic… 
as trump visits nc &amp; sc following destruction caused by florence, we call on him to immediately apologize for his c… 
"after a disaster, the president needs to lead the country in the recovery effort, not attempt to shift blame or op… 
happening now: today, i am pleased to bring together a diverse group of #latino leaders for an important roundtable… 
wishing all those observing #yomkippur in #il &amp; across the globe an easy fast &amp; sincere reflection.
today at pm ct, i’m bringing together #chicago #latino leaders &amp; #immigration advocates for an important roundtabl… 
 : proud to make crs reports public. thank you  for your leadership on this issue and commitment to government…
icymi: two #il schools were featured in america's #healthiestschools list! shout-out to beard elementary school &amp;… 
. asked all current u.s. senators &amp; representatives what we are doing to ensure that men &amp; women receive… 
i welcome the long-anticipated launch of the #crsreports website &amp; the important role it will play in promoting gov… 
i've been pushing for greater public access to congressional research reports since .   starting today, i am ex… 
with every thinly veiled (&amp; unsuccessful) attempt to save face, president trump shows the american public just how… 
the disturbing, credible allegations against judge kavanaugh must be taken with all seriousness.  icymi, read our l… 
declassifying materials related to an ongoing investigation is another abuse of power by the president. by cherry-p… 
today, i was pleased to join ,  &amp; other #chicago leaders &amp; #healthcare advocates to dis… 
republicans’ political efforts to undermine the #aca &amp; reduce coverage are tired, despicable &amp; unacceptable. click… 
new repo: if the trump administration succeeds in its partisan efforts to strip key #aca provisions, +, peo… 
a big congratulations to the  schools in #illinois that made 's list of america's #healthiestschools… 
  i met with  to learn more about the successful initiviates they have implemented &amp;… 
in august, i met w/ #students &amp; faculty at  to discuss how we can reduce the price tag for #college, espec… 
proud to participate in the horner park ribbon cutting for the grand opening of the restored riverfront! 
great to stop by an annual favorite, the th #ravenswood art walk! 
an afternoon well spent at #lakeview taco fest! 
joining our friends at midnight circus as they bring together our local communities in support of parks across… 
this week, i was proud to join  + of my democratic colleagues in taking a stand for #asylum seekers in search of… 
our thoughts &amp; prayers are with all of those impacted by #hurricaneflorence. if you or a loved one are in the hurri… 
each piece of legislation considered in this scorecard aims to protect #votingrights, fair representation &amp; reduce… 
 : trump pardons must be taken "as an attempt to blunt a criminal investigation and also as an element of obstruction of j…
today marks the th anniv of historic #violenceagainstwomenact.  if we fail to reauthorize #vawa, we fail every si… 
after ignoring the intelligence community’s warning on #election #hacking for years, now president trump wants to a… 
pres. trump has made it crystal clear that he could care less about protecting our elections from foreign interfere… 
if trump admin cuts  phone subsidies for low-income individuals, it will undoubtedly put #domesticviolence vict… 
 : .: it is disappointing that  hasn’t followed the senate in a bipartisan approach to passing approp…
the overall number of detained migrant children has exploded to the highest ever recorded, placing unbelievable str… 
today, i'll work to ensure our government stays open &amp; that our appropriations process isn’t manipulated to undermi… 
unfortunately, instead of governing responsibly and in the best interest of those they represent, republicans want… 
from transportation &amp; housing to enviro protections that ensure clean air &amp; water, i'm proud to play a key role in… 
congratulations to ! in the face of the trump administration’s continual threats to reduce access to qua…  a gop guide to executive orders:   if obama does it, it's illegal. even if it means protecting children.   if trump… 
 : #capac members condemn trump proposal to end #birthrightcitizenship. read chairwoman  &amp; capac immigration taskforce c…
on thursday, /, join me for "united against hate: interfaith solidarity event" at memorial park to stand with co… 
"all persons" means "all persons." like the th amendment, i believe we should prioritize people, not prejudice. t… 
asylum is a legal process.   there is no evidence of a threat.   creating fear to win elections puts lives at risk.… 
not one more generation should grow up knowing fear of prejudice. there is no place for hate here. that is why it i… 
it’s time to stop using words like enemies in order stir up violent xenophobia. messages of enemies make people loo… 
this was an act of hatred by a man acting alone. we will fight back with unity, a community standing together. the… 
i am so heartbroken for the community at #treeoflifesynagogue in #pittsburgh. this was terrorism but it will never… 
the aca is succeeding at lowering premiums, but, because trump &amp; the gop used their #taxscam to repeal the individu… 
thank you to the fbi, secret service, and other law enforcement agencies who acted to stop the bombs targeting poli… 
having a preexisting condition should not keep you from the helathcare you deserve. but if the gop's lawsuit - whic… 
after evidence came out that wilbur ross gave me a false answer in congressional testimony, trump's doj is now clai… 
 things trump doesn't get here: ) congress, not the president, sets our foreign affairs budget (thankfully); ) c… 
this won't make #lgbtq people disappear. but it will put them at risk of violence, of being denied appropriate care… 
i'm an american.  i don't fear refugees and immigrants.  i don't fear access to the voting booth.  i don't fear hea… 
 : i’ve co-written a letter to  &amp;  to share our deep concerns about mistreatment and neglect of #adelanto d…
"the justice department told a federal court in june that it would no longer defend provisions in the affordable ca… 
greater access to birth control - thanks in large part to the aca - has dropped teen and unintended pregnancy rates… 
science isn't instinct. it's testing, observing, and analyzing. it's making a conclusion based on data, not politic… 
 million people who didn’t have healthcare are now covered. people with pre-ex conditions are now covered. all th… 
access to healthcare, fair pay, the ability to serve our country, or the right to be a family are lgbtq issues too.… 
 : . mcconnell wants cut "medicare, medicaid + social security in order to pay for federal deficit that has gro…
stephen miller wants to make immigrants choose: america, or their children. we know there shouldn't be a choice.… 
how to scam the american people: ) claim tax cuts for the rich will lower the deficit ) pass tax cuts for the ric… 
 : you should release your tax returns and prove it. how do you explain the saudis renting out whole floors of your hotels?…
let me help you fact check, . trump has:   -cut cost sharing reductions, raising premiums % -repealed in… 
 : proud to join ’s bill that would defund ’s proposed public charge rule. this proposed rule seeks to den…
#nationalcomingout day should be a day of pride. but still, too many policies - like the hateful trans ban in the m… 
today’s .% cola increase is good news for seniors, survivors &amp; people w/ disabilities who have earned social secu… 
in his war on immigrants, trump has imprisoned children away from their parents. now, he wants to make it harder fo… 
mental health is no different than our physical health. sometimes we get ill, but there's always help. i'm working… 
if you pay the president enough money, he'll ask the prime minister of japan to give you a casino deal. trump's not… 
sadder than his naive acceptance of the most absurd conspiracy theories he hears on fox is the fact that republican… 
 : at our town hall for justice  says “trickle down doesn’t work, it never has.” we need #taxjustice! #nunsontheb…
presidential alert: this is a test of the american democratic alert system. our president is dangerous, reckless, i… 
while the senate considers the sexual assault allegations against judge kavanaugh, it's also important to remember… 
trump's attacks on dr. ford last night were attacks meant to silence all women by somebody similarly accused of sex… 
with incredible scientists like frances arnold - who just won this year's  in chemistry! -  is a… 
 different times, democrats on  have called to see trump's tax returns. each time, republicans have… 
what a disgusting and bigoted proposal. instead of addressing an actual security threat, stephen miller wants to in… 
key words: "may not." the point is, there needs to be an investigation. but trump is telling girls they shouldn't c… 
this policy is hateful, cruel, petty, unnecessary, and puts people at risk. we wouldn't let another country split u… 
trump shows no compassion for children as he skirts protections meant to ensure their best interests. they're not c… 
the president's own staff agree - his incompetence has created a crisis. now is no time for congress to be a rubber… 
the trump administration says it believes that climate change is an existential crisis. but their proposed response… 
 : “it’s not just about who should be on the supreme court, it’s about who should be believed. it’s time we stop silencing vic…
i was in the senate judiciary committee room, where  men voted to ignore a woman’s credible accusation of sexual… 
women of  standing w/ dr. ford. her allegations are credible &amp; deserve to be investigated. it's not just abou… 
 : .⁦⁩ women from senate and house standing for women everywhere. thank you ⁦⁩ &amp; ⁦⁩. proud t…
thank you dr. ford, for courageously speaking up on behalf of the millions of other victims of sexual assault who h… 
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
after many went home for the day, and just hours before a vote, republicans snuck anti-choice language into h.r. … 
senator graham: you would think differently if you spoke to women about this.   the reactions to these accusations… 
a third woman has come out to credibly accuse brett kavanaugh of sexual assault. the senate must cancel their vote.… 
 : congresswoman judy chu () intros a gun control resolution written by students. 
 : rep. judy chu introduces gun legislation written by alhambra high school students 
proud to stand with the tps-holders who have been here at our invitation and have made america their home. we are s… 
donald trump does not speak for all of us. american security and global security are shared goals, and are only acc… 
trump needed $ million from his father in order to start his business. this isn't about teaching immigrants to su… 
big pharma is trying to use the opioid bill to give themselves a $ billion bailout –– many of the same companies t… 
i used to be a counselor at a rape crisis center. i saw just how hard it was for women to come forward. they fear b… 
"sometimes, there is a happy ending." such a beautiful piece on the community efforts to fight homelessness in our… 
to those of you who are observing yom kippur, i hope you have an easy and meaningful fast.
this is not what should be happening in america. we’re better than this and our immigration policies should reflect… 
she finally was told they were in ny. she could only speak with them twice a week. when they were finally reunited,… 
 and i heard from maria at a forum in southern california. maria had her children taken away by immigra… 
i’m joining  today to hear about how the trump administration’s family separation policies impact south… 
 : happening now: joined by my colleague  as i host a hearing in south gate on the status of the reunification of…
republicans won't hold a hearing on trump's family separation policy, so today, i am joining  at a shad… 
 : in march,   told democratic  of california that  "initiated" request f…
i asked  how citizenship q was added to the census, and he claimed doj initiated the request. now we… 
despite our capacity to help, trump is capping  refugee admissions at , -- , fewer than last year, an… 
he has also bragged about grabbing and kissing women. trump has a clear history of excusing sexual assault and trea… 
christine blasey ford has displayed incredible courage. she deserves to be heard, as do all victims. the senate sho… 
 :  : "while the rich get richer, republicans have decided it's our seniors who must pay the bill. we are doubl…
trickle down does not work. thanks to the skewed #goptaxscam, corporations are getting richer, but not sharing the… 
ty  &amp; deb riley (now a four time  winner for her work on !) for coming to the… 
reproductive healthcare is healthcare. and  is helping to make healthcare available to all. i can’t wait to fi… 
when trying to think about just how many craftspeople it takes to make movies and tv, remember that … 
each color is a different director. each column a different team.  different directing teams were involved in br… 
methane’s greenhouse effect is  times stronger than that of carbon dioxide. this administration is once again cho… 
today, americans will always remember the lives lost  years ago, and we thank our first responders who work hard… 
my colleague, , is right: this horrendous decision has never been officially overturned. but, once… 
in , the supreme court upheld a ban on chinese people entering the us. this was obvious bigotry and a blight on… 
on my way to the senate to attend brett kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing. his nomination poses a risk to our rights… 
trump's anti-immigrant agenda is not based on facts, the economy, or national security. it's a campaign of prejudic… 
all jokes aside, who is making the decisions in trump's white house? do unelected staff have more power than the pr… 
but where are the patriotic trump staffers, the "adults in the room", willing to stop the separation of immigrant f… 
in his opening statement, sen. graham just confirmed that nominating kavanaugh was the fulfillment of trump's campa… 
brett kavanaugh has a political agenda. that's how he got his job in the bush wh. the american people deserve the c… 
i want to congratulate my constituent  on releasing his first book #americanfix. i’m so proud of hi… 
my thoughts are with 's family and friends. he was a true hero and a leader with tremendous character… 
trump tried to curtail the rights of federal workers through unlawful executive orders. luckily, a federal judge ha… 
teachers already spend over $ of their own dollars each year on supplies because schools are underfunded. now be… 
if your daca expired on or after september ,  you may submit a daca renewal application. apply with uscis →… 
wishing #eidmubarak to all who are celebrating. may you and your families be blessed with peace and joy.
coal pollution is a large contributor to greenhouse gas emissions that harms human health. epa rolling back… 
 : democratic lawmakers: immigration detainees in limbo as they await asylum hearings   …
researchers have determined climate change is making forest fires in ca worse based on science &amp; data. ryan zinke i… 
 : rep. judy chu, d-pasadena, says  immigration detainees being held at victorville prison are being denied fair access to asylum…
a president who cannot tolerate criticism is no president at all. 
#daca has allowed hundreds of thousands to get jobs, pursue higher education, and strengthen our country’s future.… 
 : people seeking asylum don't belong in prisons. joining w/     …
 : #savescotus   at pasadena city hall calling on senators to reject kavanaugh nomination to the supre…
the america i know: "almost every american family has an immigration story of its own based on flight from war, pov… 
 : what is ' #forthepeople agenda? ✔lower health care costs &amp; reduce the price of rx drugs ✔raise wages &amp; crea…
"said great things about me" is a qualification for getting hired in kim jong un's administration, not an american… 
simple question to  &amp; : is the intel committee responsible for protecting our country, or prot… 
outrageous. trump's careless words feed into stereotypes that endanger chinese &amp; aapi students, &amp; harm our own econ… 
it was great joining  and local innovators in my district to learn about the challenges they face in… 
this meeting was primarily about adoptions. 
environmental laws have made california healthier, prosperous, and an example to other states &amp; countries. actual s… 
the trump administration chose to create this crisis by targeting parents and purposely dividing families as a dete… 
we must address the opioid crisis &amp; prevent deaths. as a st step, the house passed a bill that promotes treatment… 
 : i am sick and tired of watching my friends die. stop playing political games with our lives. : give this…
this remains a low point. hundreds are still separated. some perhaps permanently b/c the administration you work fo… 
thanks to the gop's rush to pass tax cuts for the wealthiest, ~ in  taxpayers will end up owing the irs next year… 
you can stop it right now by ordering your secretary of state to withdraw from the agreement. these guns are untrac… 
this is why "abstinence only" is no education at all, and we need comprehensive sex education. everybody deserves t… 
it was wonderful to meet with advocates from southern california resource services for independent living ()… 
scott lloyd keeps a list of pregnant immigrant girls &amp; was court ordered to stop infringing on their rights. now, h… 
republicans claimed their #goptaxscam was to help #smallbiz. but today i walked my colleagues through the complexit… 
proud to wear #redforfeds to stand with federal employees against president trump's attacks on workers. 
thanks to an agreement by trump's , starting /, all a terrorist or domestic abuser needs is a d printe… 
after kidnapping their children, the trump administration is making immigrant parents pay just to speak to them on… 
 : . chair  joins #tricaucus members  and  to oppose republican appropriations proposal…
only a government afraid of the people would try to silence them by denying them a voice in gov't - which is what t… 
while the #goptaxscam made corporate tax cuts permanent, small employers and working families will see any rate red… 
 : they’re also looking into the reunifications themselves.  rep. judy chu (d-ca) said that in some cases reunification mean…
we're  day from a court ordered deadline to reunite the children kidnapped by the gov't at the border. but hundred… 
 : our press conference on children separated from their parents and the trump administration’s inability to adhere to feder…
 : joining     and  soon to hold the trump administrat…
 : mahalo , the newest cosponsor of the #offact. % renewable energy will protect our people &amp; our planet https:/…
the magic of hollywood comes to washington, thanks to the hard work of below the line workers like gaffers and came… 
sound mixer. dolly grip. boom operator. best boy. these are just a few of the workers who make tv &amp; movies happen,… 
it's a term to describe republicans trying to avoid questions from reporters about trump's incompetence. 
 : "we cannot have censorship on healthcare advice for women."  — #nogagrule 
 : .: we cannot have any censorship on health care advice to women.   #nogagrule  
i visited detained immigrant children at an orr-funded facility on saturday. what's clear is they're being punished… 
trickle down does not work. we know this from past gop tax scams, and it's true for this one as well. cutting taxes… 
median income has not changed in  years while cost of college has increased %. we need real solutions to help… 
la used to have smog so bad we could not go outside.    now we don't. that's because of smart environmental regulat… 
this ruling stopped a president from abusing his power. brett kavanaugh - trump's #scotuspick - thinks it was wrong… 
including a citizenship question in the #census only serves to suppress participation &amp; will result in inaccura… 
 : that feeling when it's #finallyfriday! why the celebration? viking  landed on mars #today in  ( years to the day aft…
it's not just the southern border. families are being separated by the #muslimban, which is preventing spouses &amp; fa… 
if the senate confirms #brettkavanaugh or any #scotuspick who will end or chip away at #roevwade, criminalize abort… 
tens of millions in the us can’t afford the healthcare they need, and we have the worst health outcomes of any indu… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
 : instead of coming up with a plan to address a generation crisis, republicans are pushing a resolution to denounce a ca…
republicans, embarrassed by their president and their own lack of legislative accomplishment, held a vote today not… 
 : thank you to  for speaking at today’s #langaronthehill! she has been to every langar on the hill since the first!
would you stand by and let somebody threaten the security of our country because you're afraid to lose your job? or… 
trump swore an oath to protect us from foreign attacks. he is in direct violation of that oath. once again: if he w… 
#publiclands &amp; national monuments like our san gabriel mountains are part of our national heritage, provide a place… 
fixed it for you,  
clean up, aisle trump.   he didn't misspeak. he said exactly what he intended to, and he doubled and tripled down u… 
trump's behavior in #helsinki was disgraceful, dangerous, and damaging. republicans agree. but when we put forward… 
“bring me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free...” 🇺🇸🗽❤️👨‍👧‍👦👩‍👧‍👦👨‍👩‍👦‍👦👨‍👨‍👦‍👦🧕🏽👳🏼‍♂️… 
 : during press conference  says she plans to introduce legislation requiring heat protections for workers late…
 : rep. judy chu (d-calif.) says she'll introduce legislation mandating employers protect workers from heat stress hazards,…
if republicans meant any of their criticism of trump's shameful capitulation to putin, they would: -support bill to… 
 : “we don’t agonize, we organize” says . 💪🏼  i’m proud to stand with her and all of my strong, pro-woman colle…
we can’t return to the days of women dying b/c they lack access to safe and legal abortions. but the nomination of… 
in the capitol stands this monument to women's rights. this week,  yrs after the seneca falls convention, i look… 
how to identify a #taxscam: "a majority of the economists surveyed by the national association for business economi… 
dear henry,   your compassion gives me hope for a better future where immigrants are treated as equals. i’m doing e… 
trump on stopping russian interference in our elections: putin has an "interesting idea." something tells me trump… 
just days after his own doj indicted  russians for interfering in our election, trump says "i don't see any reaso… 
"foolishness and stupidity" = opposing russia's meddling in our election &amp; invasion of other countries while also s… 
my instagram has been taken over! follow  () for more on why #istandwithpp 
some exciting changes at my  today. follow  () for more... 
if trump is unwilling to stand up to our enemies, then he should stand down as our president. 
we're live! join me on facebook () to ask me your questions and talk about my work and prior… 
“russia, if you’re listening, i hope you’re able to find the , emails that are missing."   with today's indict… 
a valedictorian. a community leader. a student. a teacher.   this sign has stood in front of my office for months.… 
there's no other way to put it. trump's comments that immigration is "changing the culture" in us &amp; europe were ign… 
those standing in the way of our work to curb global warming, take note: california just reduced pollution levels b… 
area man disappointed that his attempt at mansplaining to a more qualified woman was ignored. 
it's about time! for too long, young asian americans, like myself, never dreamed to go higher, because they never s… 
happening now in : debate on my amendment to allow americans to use health savings accounts to pay fo… 
congress must act to help millions of americans facing an uncertain future as their retirement security is threaten… 
"unenumerated rights" = rights that were not explicitly given to us by the men who wrote the constitution. but we d… 
 : pasadena congresswoman judy chu calls for opposition to president trump's pick for supreme court - pasadena now https://t.co…
i support sustainable seafood and fishing practices, that's why i just voted no on h.r. , which would have weake… 
this is not a coincidence. it's the result of the tone struck by our president. i implore donald trump to please st… 
have you told your boss that? 
 : thanks so much for meeting with us ! together we can ensure girls receive an education and more! #girlslead https:…
just had a great meeting with some impressive young leaders from   about how we can use foreign aid to in… 
"he didn't recognize me". the separation of families is torture. nothing can justify the permanent damage we are ca… 
before #roe women seeking abortions died on tables &amp; in back alleys  before the aca, people died from treatable dis… 
take a look at this list of pre-existing conditions, and chances are you'll identify with one or more of them. with… 
dear ,  i know you prefer your briefings to be short and include visual aids, so i've prepared a he… 
as trump announced he would miss a court-ordered deadline to reunite immigrant families, i visited a facility in so… 
a president under criminal investigation should not be able to appoint a justice who will have a say in that case.… 
abortion should be a choice made by a woman and her doctor, not these two guys. 
under obama, we did not detain pregnant immigrants. trump changed that. now, pregnant women are being shackled arou… 
"nobody knows what the law's going to be. it depends on who gets elected...the answer is that there has to be some… 
know what would be a good place for a mother duck to raise her family? a protected national monument. how many anim…  / we stand with every american that has become a victim to violent prejudice and reaffirm our commitment to pursu… 
/ we will never lose hope and will always maintain faith that america is a nation of acceptance and tolerance ins… 
/ tonight, we gathered to stand in solidarity with the jewish community and to send a clear message to those who… 
/ as our nation becomes increasingly divided by the actions of bigoted and racist individuals, we must use our vo… 
/ i attended a healing service hosted by rabbi bet haverim's congregation in davis this evening to honor the vict… 
 : on wednesday, oct. , rep. mike thompson (ca-) and rep. john garamendi (ca-) will come to lake county to host a vetera…
patti and i were honored to participate in the ’s annual walk to end alzheimer’s in suisun city this… 
 : lake county – don’t forget that i am hosting a veterans town hall with  this wednesday at the medeiros vetera…
congress must pass a farm bill that supports our nation’s family farmers as they work to feed america and grow our… 
i am simply horrified by this morning's mass murder at a pittsburgh synagogue. our nation is facing a wave of polit… 
 : happy to run into  at the #solano county #walkendalz. thanks for all you do to support local families li…
it was a pleasure to join  and colusa county rice grower, kurt richter, this evening to tour kurt’s field… 
 : appreciate congressman john garamendi taking time to visit with #sacvalley #carice harvest with grower kurt richter in colusa…
#tbt to my time at vanden high school in fairfield last week. it was great to speak with the students about the imp… 
 : thank you  for joining the bipartisan call to protect military families from predatory lending. …
 : "the president has the responsibility to calm all of this down," says rep. john garamendi:  "he has to stop attacking the…
 : "it's a sad time, it's a very dangerous moment for america," says rep. john garamendi on the bomb threats being sent. "all…
i’m joining  on  today at : pm et/: am pt to discuss the makeshift bombs sent to pro… 
 : . on suspicious packages: "whomever has been saying very hot directive, very invective words, wherever they may b…
coming up in a few moments on . 
i'm joining , in for , on  at : pm et/: pm pt today to discuss the suspicious pack… 
as a former insurance commissioner in california, i know how important it is to preserve the affordable care act's… 
 : garamendi slams trump environmental memo, says could lead to water quality issues  
 : exclusive:  slams trump directive on california water projects: "this president has no regard for the envi…
donald trump is attacking the delta directly to try to provide more support for his political allies in the central… 
i’m proud to have worked with city officials in woodland to secure a critical feasibility study to enhance flood co… 
 : lake county vets: i am hosting a veterans town hall with  on oct  at the medeiros veterans center at pm.…
 : on wednesday, oct. , rep. mike thompson (ca-) and rep. john garamendi (ca-) will come to lake county to host a vetera…
 : great article by  in  on how the  jones act is needed for our economy, national security and our war…
 : garamendi speaks to students about civic involvement 
 : rep. john garamendi leads the anna kyle eagles in a civics discussion. 
i’m looking forward to speaking to students at travis education center about the importance of civic engagement and… 
 : #breaking: on cnn,  says congress could block sales of arms to saudi arabia over journalist jamal khashog…
 : "there is nobody, except perhaps the president that's saying a) it didn't happen and b) saudi arabia had nothing to with it…
rep. garamendi is discussing this on  now. 
 : "mitch mcconnell isn't even trying to hide it: after spiking the deficit to record levels by supporting the tax giveaw…
i’m joining  on  at  pm et/ pm pt today to discuss saudi arabia and other news of the day. i hope you can tune in!
 : congressman  spent time in three solano county manufacturing facilities recently as part of national #manufact…
 : rep. mike thompson (ca-) and rep. john garamendi (ca-) announced that the mendocino complex disaster declaration has be…
 : coming up next hour at pm-  will be filling in for  this friday:    …
i’m joining  at : am pt/: pm et today on  to discuss the russia  investigation and mor… 
 : this declaration allows federal funds to be available to state and local governments provide support and assistance during…
thank you to the men and women of  for assisting those in need. 
 i coauthored this legislation with my democratic colleagues: 
no american should be denied healthcare coverage due to a pre-existing condition. sadly,  republican attorneys ge… 
 : "the president wants to stop the mueller investigation. ... he's done everything he can to try to stop it and rosenstein is…
 : thompson and garamendi announce fema public assistance for mendocino complex fires 
i look forward to joining  on  at  pm pt/ pm et today to discuss the midterm elections, th… 
 : additional northern california counties are now under #redflagwarning until monday morning due to gusty winds &amp; low humidity.…
 : #fireweatherwatch has been upgrade to #redflagwarning across several northern ca counties through monday morning due to high…
/ in congress, i’ve championed make it in america policies that empower domestic manufacturing to create hundreds… 
/ i spent national manufacturing day yesterday hosting a manufacturing forum with local businesses and manufactur… 
 : manufacturing facilities at center of congressman garamendi’s tour 
october is breast cancer awareness month. as a member of the bipartisan, bicameral congressional families cancer pr… 
 : on sept. , rep. john garamendi awarded commendations to local veterans of the world war ii merchant marine at the calif…
today’s hearing was difficult for a lot of people across the country, and especially for victims of sexual assault.… 
 : jesse loren with  and kate laddish of  honored by  at women of the year cerem…
 : express contributor kate laddish and  council member jesse loren honored by  at women of the…
 i think this pretty much sums it up 
patti and i were happy to join rep. phil roe of tennessee and his wife, clarinda poe, for the annual bipartisan con… 
 : check out ranking member ’s opening statement from today’s #coastguard subcommittee hearing: …
 : residents of lake county who suffered damage or losses from the recent wildfires have one week left to register for disaste…
 : subcommittee ranking member  leads today’s hearing on the #coastguard’s modernization program &amp; recapitaliz…
it was a pleasure to host my annual women of the year awards in woodland last week. every year, we honor the incred… 
 : "we have time, the senate has time, the president has time — why are they fearful of an fbi investigation?” -  on…
i’m joining  on  in a few moments to discuss #kavanaugh and other news of the day.
i look forward to joining  on  at : et/: pt today to discuss the latest tensions between… 
 : city council member jesse loren and winters resident kate laddish were honored today by rep. john garamendi at the wome…
 : in woodland,  holding an impromptu town hall after women of the year event, discussed topics of network n…
no. no it shouldn’t. 
 : congressman garamendi says delta tunnels letter is full of misrepresentations 
 : "i would expect the female members of the house of representatives joined in by members such as myself to march over to the…
i stand with dr. ford. white men in control of the senate judiciary committee are showing they will work tirelessly… 
 : thank you  for pointing out misrepresentations in the #deltatunnels loi in your recent letter to . ou…
i'll be on  at  pm et/ pm pt today with  to discuss #kavanaugh and other news of the day. you can watch live on .
 : thank you  for your commitment to the domestic maritime industry! 
 : congressman garamendi to honor women of the year 
 : thank you  for your staunch support o;f the wwii us merchant marine veteran. you have #neverforgotten their sacri…
 : congressman garamendi to honor women of the year 
i joined  today to discuss my efforts to restore net neutrality and launch an investigation into verizon f… 
 : congressman garamendi to honor women of the year 
 : thank you to , , ,  and , for introducing legislation to stop b…
 : low-yield nuclear weapons have the potential to lower the threshold for using nuclear weapons &amp; increase the risk of enteri…
 : breaking: , ,   and  introduce bill to ban low-yield nuclea…
 : thank you , ,   and  for introducing the hold the lyne act to…
 : . &amp;     introduce bill banning low-yield nukes https://t.co…
 : congrats to   for being honored with the  'champion of maritime' award - the highest award given by the a…
i recently asked the ftc to launch an investigation into verizon for throttling a fire department's data as it batt… 
 : our  international research conference at #ucdavis today featured two local, esteemed speakers: u.s. congressman …
 : u.s. congressman garamendi urges audience to fight for their research and continue their quest for knowledge. #internationalc…
i believe judge kavanaugh's confirmation vote cannot proceed until a thorough investigation into dr. ford's allegat… 
 : . emphasizing the importance of international research and of governments actually paying attention to that r…
it was an honor to deliver the keynote address at the uc davis international research conference this morning. 
i’m joining  on  tonight to discuss the issues of the week. you can watch our conversation during… 
 : #midterms:  on the chances of a “blue wave” in november - my interview from :  …
i look forward to joining  on  today at : pm et/: am pt to discuss the democratic par… 
/ the projects funded by these two bills are crucial for the long-term safety of the sacramento valley, and will… 
/ i have been working hand-in-hand with state and local officials to stress the importance of spending on infrast… 
i joined cnn to talk about the trump administration's horrendous decision to take money away from fema to give it t… 
 : rep. john garamendi slams donald trump after the president claims that the government's hurricane maria recovery efforts w…
 : media: the news that  took $ million from  to give to  is "terrible, and it's really a r…
our conversation will now start around : et on . 
i’m joining  on  today at : pm et/: am pt to discuss the reappropriation of fema fun… 

the #goptaxscam drained the treasury and forced the u.s. to borrow nearly $ trillion this year. now, they've unvei… 
i'm hosting service academy nights in yuba city, davis, and vacaville this week. see the flyers below for additiona… 
i joined morning joe this morning to discuss north korea's efforts to hide its nuclear weapons development and pres… 
/ we honor the bravery and patriotism of the men and women of our armed forces who are serving their country abro… 
/  years ago this morning, america was forever changed. today, we remember the nearly , people from across… 
 : joining us now: 
i’m joining  at : am et/: am pt to discuss north korea and other news of the day. you can watch live on .
my office is hosting a service academy night in lake county tonight. it's free and open to the public, and it's a g… 
i look forward to joining  tomorrow at : am et/: am pt on  to discuss the breaking news abo… 
congratulations ! 
happy rosh hashanah to all those celebrating this evening. l’shana tovah - patti and i are wishing you a happy and… 
every american deserves to know their pension will be there to let them live out their retirement with dignity. her… 
i’ll be on echo en california in a few moments to discuss the #kavanaughconfirmationhearings.
/ instead of trying to make healthcare less affordable for  million americans, we should be working together t… 
/ without the aca's protections for pre-existing conditions, americans could be charged astronomically more for t… 
/ today, oral arguments begin in a lawsuit that's attempting to strike down the affordable care act's protections… 
i'll be on the house floor at : pm pt today to discuss the issue of income inequality. the bottom % of america… 
/ men and women literally gave their lives to fight for prioritizes like an eight hour work day and a minimum wag… 
/ happy labor day! today, we celebrate the sacrifices, steadfast determination, and perseverance of the men and w… 
 : specifically, garamendi and his colleagues are asking the ftc to determine whether verizon’s practices were ‘unfair’ or ‘de…
i look forward to joining  on  today at  pm et/ pm pt to break down news of the day. i hope you can tune in!
/ you can read our suggestions and requests in the attached letter. 
/nearly  children remain separated from their parents as a result of the administration's family separation po… 
this is what happens when you pass a $. trillion tax cut that delivers % of its benefits to the top % of earne… 
 : on at :am:  joins  to discuss what the future of #democratic leadership looks like.  listen live:…
 : garamendi calls for investigation into verizon for 'throttling' firefighter's data 
 : garamendi and several other members of congress sign letter calling for ftc to investigate verizon for throttling mobi…
 : #breaking:  calls for investigation into verizon wireless’ throttling of fire department data during wild…
thank you, senator mccain, for your honorable service to our nation. 
 : who: rep. john garamendi (d-california)  twitter:   when: july   what: a better deal  watch on c-span  re…
 : our statement on the passing of senator john mccain: 
senator john mccain has passed away. we disagreed on many things, but nobody can disagree that he was an american h… 
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties) is now , acres and % contai…
this is absolutely unacceptable. our emergency services should never be compromised by an arbitrary policy from a b… 
attention lake county: a cal oes disaster recovery center opened in lake county this morning for in-person wildfire… 
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties) is now , acres and % contai…
 : #mendocinocomplex [update] evacuation reduction for areas in mendocino and lake counties as of  pm today. …
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties) is now , acres and % contai…
 : county of lake virtual mendocino complex recovery meeting taking place now. 
 : a throw back pic with .. its always great to work with you! 
glenn county residents: please take note of the mandatory evacuations in the county. 
we need more water storage, like sites reservoir, in our state. i'm working in a bipartisan manner to #buildsites a… 
social security began working #forthepeople  years ago today. it’s my duty as a member of congress to safeguard t… 
/ they are nothing short of heroes, and it is heartbreaking when one must make the ultimate sacrifice to protect… 
/ my heart is with the victim and his family during this incredibly difficult time. firefighters put themselves i… 
here is the latest update on the #mendocinocomplex from  
/ the merchant mariners had the highest casualty rate of all branches of our armed forces, yet it took until … 
/ an estimated , mariners lost their lives in the war effort, and another , were wounded, to ensure our… 
/ the goal of this legislation is simple: award a congressional gold medal, one of the highest honors in the unit… 
/ i'm proud that my bill to honor our nation's merchant marine veterans from world war ii has garnered  co-spo… 
 : #riverfire #mendocinocomplex [update] off old river road, near mile marker post ., hopland (mendocino/lake/colusa counties)…
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] off highway  near potter valley, northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties)…
patti and i are praying for officer greiss’ family and our hearts are with them during this difficult time. i know… 
solano residents: an update on the #nelsonfire. 
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] off highway  near potter valley, northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties)…
lake, colusa, and glenn county residents: here’s the latest incident report on the #mendocinocomplex fire from calf… 
 : we just returned from lagoon valley park, where multiple agencies have mustered to assist with putting out this blaze.…
 : #breaking: all evacuation orders lifted for vacaville, including peabody/foxborough/youngsdale areas and laurelwood/me…
 : evacuations still in effect for paradise valley and gold ridge neighborhoods in fairfield 
 : #nelsonfire [update] near nelson rd and cherry glen rd, vacaville (solano county) is now  acres and % contained. unifie…
 : more: cal fire says , acres burned in #nelsonfire,  percent containment. 
 : firefighters are battling a  acre wild fire near nelson rd and cherry glen rd, vacaville (solano county) unified command:…
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] off highway  near potter valley, northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties)…
 : while the #nelsonfire remains a close hazard to base personnel, it has not become an immediate threat. #airmen are advised…
 : #breaking: cal fire says #nelsonfire burning along vacaville-fairfield border is at , acres and is  percent cont…
solano county residents: please see info on the brush fire in the area. 
 : . (ca-) was briefed by local officials in lake county on the mendocino complex fire currently burning in…
we must provide additional forest management and fire prevention resources to ensure californians never have to exp… 
/ my family and i have always loved to take time in the summer to hike california's beautiful canyons and forests… 
as our state continues to toil with a historic fire season, let us take time to thank the incredible firefighters f… 
 : mendocino complex repopulation news release - lake county .. pm #mendocinocomplex   …
 : rep. garamendi says president trump's tweets claiming environmental laws and water regulations in california are hampering…
 : "our task is to protect this nation, not to protect the president." democratic rep. john garamendi believes california repu…
i joined  on  this morning to discuss my efforts to secure federal support for victims of the… 
 : "i don't believe for a moment that he's telling the truth about anything that he says. he is about as disreputable as is th…
i’ll be on  with  in a few moments to discuss russia, the manafort trial, and the california fires.
 : today on the show:          keep it on …
 : ahead on #outnumberedot:  we talk to  and  about russia's response after the administration ann…
i'm joining  at : am pt to discuss the #mendocinocomplexfires and the letter reps. thompson, huffman, and… 
 : #ranchfire #mendocinocomplex [update] off highway  near potter valley, northeast of ukiah (mendocino/lake/colusa counties)…
 : #riverfire #mendocinocomplex [update] off old river road, near mile marker post ., hopland (mendocino/lake/colusa counties)…
lake county residents: a local assistance center (lac) for those affected by the #mendocinocomplexfire will open in… 
i’m joining  at : am pt tomorrow to discuss the letter i sent to the president supporting a major disaster… 
/ it was also great to speak with senator dianne feinstein and senator lisa murkowski about the work we must do b… 
/ in congress, i helped author the lake tahoe restoration act, which was signed into law and helps leverage local… 
/ it was a pleasure to join local, state, and federal leaders at the annual #tahoesummit yesterday. i had the ple… 
i'm standing up to big pharma to lower the cost of life-saving drugs that americans rely on. pricing middle class a… 
 : if approved, the major disaster declaration will provide federal resources to facilitate firefighting and recovery efforts,…
 : aarp thanks  for voting to #protectsnap and not letting older californians go hungry.
be prepared if an emergency strikes. rd district residents can sign up for emergency alerts for their local commun… 
i was proud to draft this letter with  and . 
today i wrote to the president with a bipartisan group of representatives imploring him to grant a major disaster d… 
it was a pleasure to join  and other elected officials at the #tahoesummit today. i'm proud to have wo… 
i was encouraged to see a such strong contingent of young volunteers at this year’s summit. the next generation of… 
it was a pleasure to present a certificate or honor to a group of green team volunteers at the nd annual lake tah… 
here's how you can minimize health risks posed by wildfire smoke:   : "people shouldn't be afraid to go to pray, they shouldn't be afraid to go to get an education. the president has to underst…
 : this morning, i spoke to high school activists about taking action to stop mass shootings. then i walked out to learn of…
i’m a jew. i grew up in pennsylvania. my conservative synagogue was the center of my life. this mass shooting, like… 
this synagogue, this jewish community, and this neighborhood will never be the same. sending love from south florid… 
this morning, i spoke to high school activists about taking action to stop mass shootings. then i walked out to lea… 
a suspect was arrested in south florida in connection with the string of mail bombs.  deep gratitude to the law enf… 
law enforcement officers will investigate this string of bomb deliveries &amp; perpetrators will be brought to justice.… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…

the trump admin is weakening the comprehensive benefits in obamacare &amp; replacing them with trump care junk plans.… 
congress is going to miss  passionate advocacy for the us-israel relationship. and i’m going to miss my… 
skip’s loss will be felt in coral springs and throughout florida, but his legacy of service will continue to inspir… 
shocked and saddened at the passing of coral springs mayor skip campbell. skip was a monumental figure in south flo… 
this is what change looks like.   our future doesn’t have to be filled with daily gun violence in our communities.… 
i am so lucky to call  and  my friends. thank you for attending tonight’s #townhallforourlives
before / i said many times that we can’t wait for a mass shooting to take action, but when it hits your communit… 
the #marchforourlives movement has taken over our country. every great movement in our country has started w/ stude… 
our mental health system is broken, but that is not why we have a big gun violence problem.   we should fix mental… 
we need to keep guns out of dangerous hands.    that’s why i’ve joined with republicans in congress to introduce a… 
thank you to parkland mayor  for your leadership in our community. to help us heal. to help us find so… 
thank you to  for joining me in south florida for a #townhallforourlives.   after sandy hook ct pas… 
if we need any more reasons to keep offshore drilling away from florida's gulf &amp; atlantic coasts, this -year old… 
the  has a plan to “erase” the transgender community by imposing a narrow definition of ‘sex.’  thi… 
shortly i’ll be joining  on  to discuss the big issues of the week. tune in! #cnnsotu 
thanks to  for taking the time to meet with max schachter as he continues his mission to honor alex by… 
given the repeated denials, hard to take the saudi explanation of a fistfight gone wrong seriously. us-saudi relati… 
 weeks after khashoggi entered the consulate, saudis now acknowledge his death &amp; fired  “officials” &amp; arrested ot… 
the spanish river high school kindness matters club made hundreds of halloween treats for the kids affected by hurr… 
medicaid expansion is making it easier for people with opioid and other substance abuse disorders to get the care t… 
why should florida #expandmedicaid? because children deserve access to consistent medical care. children in low inc… 
families and communities in medicaid expansion states are already realizing the benefits – better health outcomes,… 
necessary care should not be contingent upon what is in your bank account. florida should #expandmedicaid because m… 
florida should #expandmedicaid.   in medicaid expansion states across the country, more people are reporting excell… 
proud to always stand with the lgbtq community and i'm honored to be recognized by the . as a vice chair of the… 
to stop bullying we need to embrace our ability to be compassionate, accepting, and inclusive. #mlbspiritday 
#climatechange is one of my top priorities in congress. that’s why i created the first bipartisan climate solutions… 
jamal khashoggi’s final washington post column.  we will make sure his message is heard. #justiceforjamal 
you cannot bully the jewish community and all who stand up to bigotry into silence when you spew disgusting hate.… 
we must investigate exactly what happened to journalist jamal khashoggi. the world is watching what we do and we ne… 
we owe it to our kids and grandkids to do something about gun violence. when it comes to the safety of our schools… 
this issue is personal for our community. we will never forget the  lives lost at stoneman douglas. my friends… 
these kids will change our future. they will fulfill our promise to make communities safer and won’t fail where so… 
right now i’m sitting with , , , and reps. from  for a discus… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
the red tide roundtable discussion this morning was fantastic. we covered solutions to environmental issues and con… 
 : after a controversy at umich about study abroad in israel, i wrote about why boycotts don't do anything to further a nuanced…
every member of congress needs to see this interview with my friend .  i don’t know how anyone could… 
that is nepotism. and we will be sure you hear about it if you nominate her. 
 years ago today, matthew shepard was brutally murdered solely because he was gay. i’m proud of the steps we’ve t… 
 : emoluments for dummies:  candidate trump: “saudi arabia, i get along with all of them. they buy apartments from me. they…
we know from experience in florida, aggressive voter purges are voter suppression.  brian kemp holds the key to the… 
 years ago today, matthew shepard was brutally murdered solely because he was gay. i'm proud of the steps we've t… 
in the aftermath of hurricane michael it is important that we embrace our sense of community and help those dealing… 
the music modernization act is an important, bipartisan achievement.   songwriters, artists, producers, and the oth… 
i joined my colleagues  and  in a letter to president trump asking him to raise jamal khasho… 
this storm will be the worst the florida panhandle has seen in  years. the current instructions are to shelter i… 
.'s rollback of fuel efficiency standards could cost , jobs.   it’s bad enough this proposal p… 
as hurricane michael heads toward the florida panhandle &amp; gulf coast, i want to remind my fellow floridians to stay… 
the climate change alarm is ringing louder than ever.  this report should be a wake up call to the trump admin &amp; me… 
you can speed walk, run, or just click over to the link below to register to vote. the deadline is tomorrow. regist… 
king tide, the highest tide mark of the year, even affects inland parts of south florida. today i spoke with fort l… 
rising tides are forcing coastal cities to adapt. four of the nation’s most vulnerable cities to flooding by  a… 

i urge the state dept to immediately raise with the saudis the truly shocking reports that journalist &amp; us resident… 
catch me on  with  at :pm, where i’ll share my thoughts on kavanaugh’s confirmation and what thi… 
deeply concerned about journalist &amp;  writer jamal khashoggi’s apparent disappearance after visiting… 
“i might have been too emotional at times. i know that my tone was sharp, and i said a few things i should not have… 
this red tide threat is an environmental crisis. manatees, sea turtles, and other animals are dying at alarming rat… 
survivors know the gun reform issue more than anyone. they feel it. heather gooze and heather sallan are two surviv… 
temporary protected status protects , people in florida.   a judge blocked the trump admin from ending tps.… 
our failure to take action to prevent gun violence makes all americans less safe.   that includes people who are ar… 
the doj charged russian intelligence operatives with hack of doping agency and other organizations. russia is doing… 
we fought to get the stop school violence act passed because action was demanded &amp; we knew that change was necessar… 
 : . just claimed that trump didn’t mock dr. ford, only stated facts.  this, of course, is not the case. true to fo…
 : trump mocks kavanaugh accuser trump mocks abc reporter trump mocks dianne feinstein trump mocks metoo movement trump mock…
. just claimed that trump didn’t mock dr. ford, only stated facts.  this, of course, is not the case. true… 
the earthquake &amp; tsunami in indonesia have led to over , deaths &amp; massive damage. i’m sending my condolences to… 
trump mocks kavanaugh accuser trump mocks abc reporter trump mocks dianne feinstein trump mocks metoo movement trum… 
a lot to unpack.   kavanaugh’s team &amp; republicans trying to cut off investigators from information.  kavanaugh may… 
. never ceases to amaze.   today he claimed “it’s a scary time” for young men in this country. he d… 
americans deserve a living wage.   more companies need to  invest in their workers and guarantee adequate compensat… 
when it’s just a number it’s hard to remember that they are so much more than just a number.   this is what  peo… 
#draintheswamp means stopping the flow of foreign payments to the president. thankfully, a federal judge said that… 
i joined    at #tribfest to discuss the need for action to end gun violence.… 

it was a pleasure to welcome my friend, palm beach county state attorney dave aronberg to dc. his sober homes task… 
 : “equal justice under law” is what must guide justices of the supreme court.   not, “what goes around comes around.”  that…
 : this hearing is about finding the truth. if  doesn’t think it’s worth time to hear a victim tell her stor…
“equal justice under law” is what must guide justices of the supreme court.   not, “what goes around comes around.”… 
i went down swinging. last member of congress left!  #npcbee the correct spelling is...  f-l-i-t-t-e-r-n 
. p-o-n-z-i schemes don’t fool me and neither did the spelling of this word. 😎 
. i’m cooking this spelling bee like some r-o-t-i-s-s-e-r-i-e chicken.   bad joke, i know. #npcbee 
manafort, trump, and o-l-i-g-a-r-c-h   just three things that happened to be said as i spelled oligarch... 
. my m-a-r-i-t-i-m-e joke didn’t land. #npcbee 
. game of thrones is very b-i-n-g-e-a-b-l-e! #npcbee 
judge kavanaugh lied.   senator harris: did you watch dr. ford’s testimony?  kavanaugh: i did not.   he gave senato… 
off to a good start. i-n-t-e-r-r-o-g-a-t-e-d! 
this hearing is about finding the truth. if  doesn’t think it’s worth time to hear a victim tell he… 
 : they’re prosecuting a victim. cross-examining a survivor. last time i checked she wasn’t the one asking our country for…
#ibelievesurvivors   as this hearing gets underway, let’s remember that shaming women who come forward to share the… 
dr. ford’s bravery is inspiring.  the fact that united states senators are getting ready to attack her is astounding.
addressing climate change will require action by all levels of government, from cities and counties to the federal… 
 :  yale law school classmates who supported kavanaugh’s confirmation &amp; his law professor who testified on his behalf now s…
tmw ford &amp; kavanaugh testify.   months since house &amp;  months since senate passed reforms to address sexual harass… 
when originally passed, the violence against women act was a landmark bill that highlighted our effort to protect w… 
 yale law school classmates who supported kavanaugh’s confirmation &amp; his law professor who testified on his behalf… 
yesterday, the house unanimously passed the music modernization act, legislation that will protect musicians. this… 
...one voice to condemn and punish hezbollah for threatening israel &amp; regional stability.
the house just passed our bill sanctioning hezbollah. this iranian proxy stockpiles rockets &amp; missiles, props up as… 
we can be frustrated, speak out, and protest against the issues we have with government. that’s our right.   but in… 
 : my mother, ruth cummings, told me just before she passed: “don't let them take the vote away from us.” during her  years…
 : .   ask  to use u.n. general assembly to push iran for release o…
no politics, just a whole lot of talent. thanks,  and !  watch👇👇👇👇👇👇 
no, the leader of a country that supports global terror, props up the murderous assad, vows to wipe israel off the… 
 : whether fired or forced to resign, rod rosenstein’s ouster will be ’s latest attempt to obstruct justice.…
 : the president’s campaign chair was convicted and pleaded guilty.   the president’s national security advisor pleaded guil…

the president’s campaign chair was convicted and pleaded guilty.   the president’s national security advisor pleade… 
 : right now, president trump and his republican enablers are working to erode protections for patients with pre-existing…
whether fired or forced to resign, rod rosenstein’s ouster will be ’s latest attempt to obstruct ju… 
the trump administration is having to pull funding from crucial public health funds, incl. cancer research programs… 
i’m proud to cosponsor hr  the bold infrastructure for alzheimer’s act. not many bills have  democratic and … 
i am excited for this year’s competition and will be rooting for student participants throughout the district! sign… 
it is great to see that  is making such a strong commitment to the congressional app challenge and buildin… 
today,  asks why dr. ford didn’t report the alleged assault.  he—and every american—should read thi… 
 : i used to live in cleveland and still have a soft spot for the dawg pound. great win for the browns, and what a night for…
i used to live in cleveland and still have a soft spot for the dawg pound. great win for the browns, and what a nig… 
i’m thrilled to see these students passionate about issues and what happens in washington.   thank you to morgan we… 
what an inspiring meeting this morning with  students from forest glen middle school. our conversation covered m… 
one year after #hurricanemaria and fellow americans in #puertorico are still living without adequate food, water, a… 
i’ve talked with too many people who have sent and received text messages like this.   we will continue fighting ev… 
.   turning his pain into art.   turning his pain into action.   #endgunviolence… 
us refugee cap:   - ,  - ,  - ,  - ,  we are turning our backs on tens of thous… 
my friend &amp; former constituent  is one of the strongest people i know.   every member of congress should… 
in the memory of taquan pinckney, again, i call on  to bring #gunreformnow to the house floor. 
 : new: ranking member  blasts the ’s decision to slash the number of #refugees admitted to the uni…
our constitution is sacred. it isn’t something that should be up for sale or be changed at will by billionaires tha… 
we have a serious school gun violence problem, and we should consider a range of options for keeping our children s… 
not shocking. #snapworks  republicans in congress need to end their war on snap and move the farm bill forward with… 
watching inspiring video this morning of first responders and volunteers rescuing people and their pets from the fl… 
i have been contacted by many members of our south florida community who remember ari as a passionate defender of i… 
saddened and outraged by the news of the deadly terror attack in israel. my thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of ari fuld.
fantastic work by everyone who came out to the coastal cleanup to protect . helping our sea turtles while… 
 : watch my statement in the foreign affairs committee today in support of 's resolution to try to learn more abou…
 : oh, come on.   ., say that trump lied about the death toll.  tell him not to politicize the deaths of america…
 : this november, floridians will vote on whether to grant . million felons the right to vote. i wrote about how people with c…
watch my statement in the foreign affairs committee today in support of 's resolution to try to learn mor… 
today the house foreign affairs committee tried to pass this resolution. it shouldn't have been difficult. we're ju… 
wonderful to welcome the new ambassador of cyprus marios lyssiotis. i look forward to working together to strengthe… 
want to chat with the  about whatever is on your mind? no problem. just send the $, check to the  a… 
oh, come on.   ., say that trump lied about the death toll.  tell him not to politicize the deaths of a… 
 : to be clear: the president of the united states is denying a factual, months-long effort, done carefully to estimate the n…
big money in politics corrupts our government &amp; weakens our democracy.  i came to congress right after the disastro… 
i joined the #expandsocialsecuritycaucus bc we can’t let wall st gamble with social security's guaranteed, earned b… 
the house just passed the ileana  us-israel security assistance authorization act to strengthen the us-… 
my friend ileana 's long &amp; decorated career, as historic as it was effective, will live on through her… 
yesterday,  said the response to hurricane maria was an “unsung success.”   today, we see what coul… 
 : the best way to turn back this onslaught is to overturn citizens united.   has taken the lead in introducing a…
bipartisan action on climate change has been rare and slow. now, this admin. is rolling back methane rules that rep… 
additional resources:   veterans crisis line for confidential support  hours a day, seven days a week,  days a… 
and servicemembers can call --myflvet to immediately speak with someone for support.
and awareness of suicide prevention programs. to mark “florida veteran suicide prevention awareness week,” the west… 
suicide affects our nation’s veterans at a troubling rate. we lose an average of  veterans by suicide every day.… 
their generation gives me such hope in a future where being there for one another is what we do - every day.… 
my kids were  and  on /. i showed them these publications this morning, and we had a good discussion about the… 
to all who are celebrating rosh hashanah in south florida and around the world, i wish you and your family a happy,… 
. “ minutes, is democracy worth that?”  participating in democracy, not sitting around waiting to be… 
watch here:    
happening now:    #msdstrong parkland survivor testifying at the kavanaugh confirmation hearing.   p… 
 : thank you  for understanding the impact that alzheimer's has on our country being the most expensive dise…
throughout the hearing judge kavanaugh referenced case names in various lines of precedent from memory.   his memor… 
i was grateful to sit with the british ambassador, sir kim darroch, and discuss our countries’ strong partnership &amp;… 
 : by arguing that ar-s can’t be regulated, brett kavanaugh made crystal clear that he’s to the right of justice scalia on…
as we wait for the administration to form a syria strategy, we are on the precipice of maybe the largest humanitari… 
should insurance co. be able to deny coverage for people with preexisting conditions?  charge cancer survivors more… 
thanks  for fighting to #protectsnap in #farmbill   after years of improvement, more americans went h… 
% of americans want to keep protections for people with preexisting conditions.   today,  … 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…

i am proud to see  launch their gun violence prevention program.   i appreciate value-driven companie… 
i’m not sure how to define judicial temperament, but if judge kavanaugh reacted that way after being told who fred… 
this is the courage we need more lawmakers across the country to show. improving public safety through common sense… 
jason, i’m so sorry for your loss.   your mom was a passionate activist and pillar of our community.  my thoughts a… 


here is my letter to governor scott.   no florida voter should be kicked off the rolls because their first and last… 
today, i’ll be writing to governor scott demanding answers about why this voter was never notified &amp; how many other… 
thankfully, this voter was able to reestablish his registration today.   he isn’t the first eligible voter to be ca… 
., if this would have happened you would have sent a condolence tweet.   it didn’t. so instead, let’s g… 
this is unacceptable.   you want a gun? go through a background check.   it’s time for congress to make that the ru… 
i am so proud of  for being honored by  for their extraordinary commitment to combating social isol… 
 : hey  - just a reminder that % of americans support universal background checks for all gun purchases.  why…
congress passed legislation on undetectable guns in the past. it’s time to update those laws to address today’s tec… 
 : breaking: a federal court has extended the nationwide injunction that temporarily stops the trump administration's reckless…
my heart breaks for more of my fellow floridians today.   for more families whose lives will never be the same, for… 
another mass shooting - this time in jacksonville.   first responders, doctors and nurses are acting heroically.  w… 
i’ll be on  with  at : this afternoon to talk about senator mccain, fl primary election day this… 
 : knowing  was an honor. traveling with him was a gift. seeing the way he was respected by leaders from acros…
tune in:  i’m joining  on  this morning at : for facing south florida. 
knowing  was an honor. traveling with him was a gift. seeing the way he was respected by leaders from…  this announcement is another example of the president's attempt to walk away from the principles that made this cou… 
tonight, we are thinking of the victims and their family and friends. we grieve with them and hope that this countr… 
we should ask for more than thoughts &amp; prayers. we ought to ask for leaders who don’t use racist rhetoric and who c… 
tomorrow is #takebackday! follow the link below for more information on where you can drop off unused medications.… 
this decision would be antithetical to american values. for centuries, the united states has stood as a beacon of h… 
we refuse to allow these attempted attacks on public officials and journalists to instill fear among us and stoke p… 
.⁦⁩: do not use the word “science” to justify your administration’s bigotry. everyone deserves resp… 
this type of dangerous rhetoric has become the norm for , but it’s important to take a stand agains… 
i’ve joined over  of my colleagues in demanding  provide answers about why  has failed to i… 
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of #lgbtq equality. no one should be… 
yesterday, i joined  as they announced a new initiative to provide free naloxone kits to patients tr… 
icymi:  claimed on  that scientists have a political agenda. it was an unfortunate exampl… 
i had a great visit to a local will county farm today and learned more about the machinery farmers use to do their… 
it’s #hispanicheritagemonth! #latinos have a significant, positive impact on our culture &amp; economy in illinois and… 
i’ve called on  to address the damage the republican tax plan will have on #illinois taxpayers. 
thank you to everyone who attended our #stem fair at  on saturday – including a slithery friend fro… 
more evidence that it’s past time to take science and climate change seriously. if we don’t take action soon, our p… 
leon lederman was a brilliant physicist whose love of scientific discovery was inspirational to so many and whose w… 
proud that  has named naperville north hs a  school! this is a testament to the hard work of… 
the united states has stood as a leader for human rights, because our policies have reflected openness and acceptan… 
congrats to arthur ashkin, gerard mourou, and especially to donna strickland for winning the nobel prize in physics… 
join us this saturday at  for an interactive #stem fair featuring local organizations including… 
happy birthday! for sixty years,  has inspired explorers, young scientists, and our imaginations to understand… 
icymi: important news out last week regarding ’s accountability to our country as president. no one… 
i opposed this plan because it will add trillions to our national debt and endangers medicare and social security.… 
finally, we also need a plan to detect and monitor non-stack emissions of ethylene oxide to ensure safe levels in… 
then, the community needs an explanation of what these results mean in terms of the long-term health impact for nearby residents.
a brief update on testing at the sterigenics facility in #willowbrook: while the initial stack test indications may… 
on a difficult day for many to see and hear, we are reminded that creating an environment where women can come forw… 
i had the honor of speaking at the  premiere last week. it underscores the important work that scientis… 
i’ve joined  and  to ask  and sterigenics to immediately conduct testing air quality… 
proud to join  in announcing our bipartisan legislation – the better energy storage technology (best)… 
join us on saturday in #naperville for a discussion on the link between mental health disorders and substance use,… 
great news! 
. have you no shame? your immigration policies - your muslim ban, your reduction of the number of r… 
my district offices in aurora and joliet are seeking interns for the fall and winter terms. 
i am proud to see  has joined the #youarewelcomehere scholarship program. its commitment to interna… 
g’mar chatima tova to all observing yom kippur tonight and tomorrow in illinois and around the world.
i stand with my colleagues in congress - the senate should postpone the #kavanaugh vote until there is a thorough i… 
as technology becomes more important in our lives, lawmakers need the office of technology assessment to make the b… 
#doddfrank made our nation’s economy stronger and gave americans confidence in a system that is safer, more account… 
as a scientist, i can tell you it’s impossible to make facts disappear simply by outright denial. it’s past time fo… 
.’s assault on the environment continues. gutting ’s methane rules will make it easier for oil… 
tune in now to hear more about what policymakers can do to advance #alzheimers research. #atlanticstateofcare 
it’s been  years since that fateful day that changed our nation  forever. it is vital that we #neverforget the li… 
thank you to everyone who joined us in #naperville on saturday to learn about pursuing a nomination to one of ameri… 
shana tova to everyone celebrating tonight! 
this is despicable. subjecting families seeking lawful asylum to separation and detention for long periods of time… 
today, republicans are in court to strike down protections for people with pre-existing conditions. i stand with my… 
federal employees perform vital work for our country’s national security; they respond to natural disasters; and, t… 
if you are a high school student interested in pursuing an education at one of america’s service academies, join us… 
nearly , fellow americans died in #puertorico. ’s response to hurricane maria was an abject fai… 
arming teachers will only further endanger students and educators. that’s why i’m joining  to demand… 
senator mccain served his country honorably and devoted his life to public service. thank you, senator, for showing… 
we all agree a nuclear north korea is a threat to our national security.  needs to listen to diplom… 
wishing everyone who celebrates a joyous eid! #eidmubarak
once again,  has placed special interests ahead of the health and safety of our children and the fu… 
let’s be honest. this idea was always terrible and a waste of taxpayer dollars. our men and women in uniform work a… 
yesterday, i had a chance to tour the  in lisle and meet with their great staff. #il 
on the one year anniversary of #charlottesville, we continue to fight against racism, bigotry, and hatred. white su… 
it was great to join #nationalnightout events in aurora and joliet yesterday in support of strong partnerships betw… 
join us thursday in warrenville for a community discussion on the importance of apprenticeship and training program… 
 years ago today, president johnson signed the #votingrightsact into law – a momentous step forward for equality… 
join us tomorrow in aurora for a discussion on recent policies the trump administration implemented that are instil… 
thank you for having me! 
it’s impossible to overstate the importance of #titlex.  should protect this program and keep access to hea… 
we need people in congress with technical knowledge to tackle the issues of the future. 
 : #dguns will be legal on wednesday unless  says no. get the word out. call your representative and senators —…
be sure to tune in later today to see the longest total lunar eclipse this century! all earthlings in the united st… 
great meeting today with  to discuss the importance of our great lakes and the birds in our ecosystem… 
today, i called on  to re-open a database of up-to-date, evidence-based guidelines on how best to diagnose,… 
proud to stand with  and all federal workers everywhere to tell  to stop undermining w… 
today, i introduced legislation that will better equip the federal government to make well-informed decisions that… 
we have until july  to tell  that the gag rule is dangerous. click here to make your voice heard  #nogagrule
proud to stand with , , and  to tell  that the gag rule will have d… 
our national parks and public lands make america unique. the idea that these beautiful areas belong to everyone - n… 
icymi: we need better health care in this country for hardworking americans. check out my op-ed in the ⁦⁩… 
 years ago today, #apollo landed on the moon, and america showed that #science can conquer even the greatest fr… 
we must stand up for our democracy and freedom even if some of our leaders will not. 
proud to attend the ’s all-star reception last night. i have the hand-eye coordination you expect of a… 
republicans need to stop these senseless political stunts and bring commonsense immigration legislation to the hous… 
a sad day for the united states and our democracy. we will not tolerate meddling in our elections. … 
we are an information society with a congress that understands very little about the technology we use everyday. th… 
it's worth repeating again and again: seventy percent of americans support #roevwade. they don’t want… 
we will have to #stopkavanaugh to protect women's rights. #roevwade guarantees women’s essential rights – to privac… 
today, i joined  and  at  to discuss nuclear weapons and the need for… 
we will continue to advocate for these young people who deserve to be reunited with their parents as soon as possib… 
our country is a nation of immigrants, and we are stronger because of their dedication and commitment to our nation… 
.’s resignation is long overdue. he deliberately reversed years of environmental regulations and cli… 
happy #independenceday! check out  for interesting facts about our country’s mission in space.… 
on the th anniversary of the civil rights act of , we remain as committed as ever to the fight for equality,… 
we all agree a nuclear north korea is a threat to our national security. that’s why  should take th… 
a free press is the foundation of our country’s democracy - this means freedom to express ideas without persecution… 
i am proud to announce that  will receive over $, from the  to provide scholarships for unde… 
simply put, house republican leaders wasted our time with a failed #immigration bill that provided no real solution… 
i am deeply concerned that the supreme court’s #janus decision will weaken our strong labor unions that have given… 
today is the third anniversary of the #scotus decision that legalized marriage equality, but we need to do more. th… 
women deserve affordable and accessible health care. this includes access to facts that are clear and answers to th… 
it’s a sad day for our country when our legal system condones bigotry and xenophobia. i will continue to hold this… 
.’s cruel policy separated children from their parents without a plan for reunification. even worse… 
voting is a right, not a privilege. five years after the supreme court gutted the vra, americans want the full free… 
all of the great images from #cephalopodweek are a reminder of the diverse creatures that live in the oceans and th… 
i voted for the suppo for patients and communities act because it expands medication-assisted treatment for indiv… 
 : well said  
i voted against this legislation because it did not #protectdreamers or offer them a pathway to citizenship. it wou… 
 : good news for main street businesses in il &amp; across us: #scotus has cleared the way for our retailers to compete on a le…
join me on monday in aurora for an important discussion i’m hosting on the risk of cyberattacks. #cybersecurity 
yesterday, i called on the  to implement reforms for a better work environment for all scientists and researche… 
i’m proud to stand with , , , and all  to call on… 
this announcement is great news for our economy and innovation. we need a robust and fair patent system to foster t… 
there’s no question that #familiesbelongtogether. that’s why i co-sponsored the #keepfamiliestogetheract with my co… 
 : , babies will be born with #sicklecell disease this year. join our webinar tomorrow, #worldsicklecellday, to lear…
i’m proud to stand with  and support his legislation to protect families from this insidious policy.… 
 years ago today, #sallyride made history by becoming the first american woman in space. dr. ride was a pioneer w… 
i’ve called on  to provide detailed answers concerning its so-called “operation keep safe” in the chicagolan… 
let’s be clear: there is only one person who shoulders the blame for this despicable policy. i continue to condemn… 
 : #eidmubarak to all those celebrating in the u.s. and around the world! 
the situation at the border remains disturbingly immoral and against everything our country represents.… 
i’ll just leave this right here and remind everyone that discrimination has no place in our country. . cc: 
proud to stand with my colleagues to make sure our workplace is inclusive and supportive of everyone regardless of… 
great to chat with  and  yesterday on capitol hill! thanks for stopping by to talk abo… 
great to meet with researchers from  today to discuss quantum computing with a real quantum computer! 
we all agree a nuclear #northkorea threatens our national security. we must look to verifiable criteria to ensure t… 
no one should live in fear or endure violence because of who they love. today, we remember the lives we lost too so… 
the united states has always been a beacon of hope for people who seek refuge from oppression and fear. history doe… 
today, the ’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues.… 
reminder: join us tomorrow in aurora for a discussion about climate change with  and other climate science… 
the bad news is that our amendment  to bring back the office of technology assessment failed today. the good news i… 
last year, the  voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now… 
i am a proud to be among the nearly  members of congress who demand that  comply with the consti… 
it’s official: the federal reserve just announced that us household net worth now exceeds $ trillion -  times l… 
 : last week, we learned that thousands more americans died in #hurricanemaria than previously acknowledged by the trump a…
i am proud to announce  has been awarded nearly $, to help provide child care options for stud… 
i’m proud to represent a district with a vibrant immigrant community. this #immigrantheritagemonth we celebrate the… 
 years ago today, allied troops landed on the beaches at normandy to liberate europe. we are forever grateful for… 
this opinion shows just how much we need nationwide nondiscrimination protections.  when an lgbt person walks into… 
today, we #wearorange in remembrance of those we've lost to gun violence. thoughts and prayers are not enough - we… 
one year ago today,  ceded the united states’ role as a leader on climate by withdrawing from the… 
 : bpcaction supports the  best act,  and 's legislation aimed to increase grid-scale #energy s…
join me, , and other experts in aurora on saturday, june , for a discussion on how communities, including… 
we had a great discussion last night in bolingbrook on teen suicide and mental health awareness. i want to thank ev… 
last night, illinois became the th state to ratify the #era. we still have a lot of work left to do to in the fig… 
immigrant families aren't only being torn apart at the border, it is happening in neighborhoods all across the coun… 
this saturday is joliet public library’s annual #starwars day and it is shaping up to be a day long remembered. hop… 
reminder: join us tomorrow evening in bolingbrook for an important discussion on teen suicide and mental health awa… 
today, we honor and remember those who laid down their lives defending our freedom. we are forever grateful for the… 
great start to #memorialdayweekend at the operation welcome you home "run for the brave" k in plainfield. #il 
join me next wednesday in bolingbrook for a community forum to discuss teen suicide and mental health awareness. 
you don’t need a phd in physics to understand how dangerous and irresponsible this statement about nuclear weapons… 
proud to introduce legislation to strengthen our country's national security. congress must ensure that the nationa… 
it’s shameful that republicans have blocked my legislation to allow patriotic #dreamers – some of the best and brig… 
right now, you can still apply to renew your #daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for #daca renewal, you sh… 
women deserve access to health care regardless of where they live or how much money they make. #titlex gives women… 
i'm proud to announce that my bill with  advanced through  this week. it would provide acc… 
once again, we watch as students flee a school in fear. i have co-sponsored legislation to make our communities saf… 
the #gopfarmbill is an attack on hardworking americans. just a few months after republicans gave a massive tax brea… 
i proudly signed the #dischargepetition tonight to bring legislation to the house floor to #protectdreamers. i’ve s… 
today marks the th anniversary of the landmark supreme court decision #brownvboard. it is alarming that  ha… 
we are live now! 
no one should face discrimination because of who they love or their gender identity. hatred and discrimination are… 
history has not looked kindly on us when we fail to help others in times of great need. the united states has stood… 
it's finally #infrastructureweek. with too many roads and bridges crumbling around the country, we need robust inve… 
the future of the internet is at stake in the fight against the ’s repeal of #netneutrality. good news -- senat… 
the #farmbill used to be a bipartisan piece of legislation, but now it has turned into an attack on families in ame… 
i want to wish everyone observing the start of #ramadan tonight a blessed and peaceful month. ramadan mubarak!
thanks for inviting me! 
good news! all three  high schools are ranked among the top   high schools in illinois - a testament to o… 
i had a great time this weekend with the local letter carriers in aurora for the annual  stamp out hu… 
it’s always great to be back in my old stomping grounds. many thanks to  for the excellent tours. 
this isn’t a plan; it’s a series of meaningless talking points that will do nothing to help hardworking americans w… 
proud to stand with  and  to fight against discrimination in auto lending. hardworking amer… 
a free and open internet is crucial for innovation and economic growth. senate democrats are one step closer to for… 
.'s announcement to withdraw the u.s. from the #irandeal shows his technical ignorance of the scien… 
last week, i got a head start on #teacherappreciationweek by visiting classrooms across the th district. i spoke… 
i had a great time joining  dupage for their annual shine a light gala this weekend. our community… 
it’s true i’ve been working on my photobomb skills. 
great to be in joliet this morning for the opening of 's south suburban center - a new resource for comb… 
when you’re a member of congress but it’s #starwarsday. #maythethbewithyou 
this decision will have lasting effects on midwesterners’ health. it’s hard not to turn on the news without another… 
it was great to be in aurora this morning for a #smallbusinessweek event designed for small business owners and ent… 
it was great to speak at  today with . #netneutrality is so important for the free excha… 
it’s nice to see that the nra understands the importance of gun safety at least some of the time. it’s time they gi… 
#thankyoucecile for your devotion to women’s health care and well-being. your work has been instrumental to countle… 
americans deserve to have a congress that understands complex scientific and technical issues. that's why we need… 
today, i was proud to reintroduce legislation to fund the office of technology assessment so that congress can lead… 
i've said it once, but i'll say it again. if  cared as much about science and the environment as he… 
all the more reason we need to invest in our infrastructure and make sure everyone has access to safe and reliable… 
proud to introduce bipartisan legislation with  to provide a much needed boost for research on… 
four years later, the families in flint, michigan still do not have access to clean drinking water. we must make th… 
thank you to  for allowing me to speak today. as the only phd physicist in congress, i can tell you th… 
this #earthday, we must commit to protecting our planet for future generations. it’s time to accept the fact that… 
all americans deserve affordable and accessible health care regardless of their gender or sexual identity. this dec… 
we cannot and should not allow our children’s time at school to fill with fear of another shooting. i support commo… 
thank you to everyone who came this morning! it’s always great to talk to illinoisians with . 
if  cared as much about science and the environment as he cares for telephone booths and first class… 
may her family, friends, and all who knew her take comfort in her legacy as a passionate and fierce supporter of he… 
on #taxday, it's important to remember that tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. so how do republicans want to pay fo… 
that’s why i have repeatedly introduced a resolution in congress to bring back the office of technology assessment.… 
the use of chemical weapons is absolutely condemnable, but the american people deserve to know the long-term strate… 
today, i was proud to introduce a resolution to support #science diplomacy in the u.s. and around the world.  if trump is so concerned about birthright citizenship, why isn’t he also worried about his properties being used by… 
as many as  million people in the individual market have pre-existing health conditions and may lose federal prot… 
saddling our students with $. trillion in debt is setting up our future generations to fail.   most of my staffer… 
how many textbooks could we have bought?   how much extra could we have put into opioid relief or hurricane recover… 
i wonder how much it cost to unnecessarily move thousands of troops to the border... all to “protect” us from the h… 
proud to have voted against every single republican attempt to take away pre-existing conditions from millions of a… 
the “enemy of the people” are leaders who spew racism, peddle lies and propagate fear.   
los angeles stands with pittsburgh. 
the message they also hear is “you have my permission”. there’s a lot of talk about both sides toning down the rhet… 
white supremacists and other violent agents of hate have felt empowered for the past  months because the message… 
when leaders spew racism and peddle lies and propagate fear, they bear responsibility for contributing to a climate of hatred. /
. on cnn's  said this morning that trump is leading a hate movement against the press.… 
on monday, assassination attempts were made on our former president, our former vice president, two sitting senator… 
on thursday, a white supremacist walked into a grocery store in kentucky and murdered two african americans, one of… 
it’s being reported that the killer was angry about jewish support for refugees because he believed that jews had p… 
the massacre in pittsburgh yesterday may have been the deadliest attack on the jewish community in the united state… 
it is hard to contain the outrage. / 
devastating reports coming from pittsburgh this morning. my heart is with the community as they heal.   we must do… 
a truly historic moment for ethiopia.   congratulations, madame president!   
juvenile court debt keeps recidivism rates high and lower income communities poor. this is another example of la le… 
 :  this is why building a wall won’t work. we need to address the reasons why people take this perilous jou…
 this is why building a wall won’t work. we need to address the reasons why people take this perilo… 
 :  ms- started in la and we deported them to central america without any additional assistance. the viole…
 ms- started in la and we deported them to central america without any additional assistance. the… 
today is the last day to register to vote in california.  now is the time.  we need your voice.… 
 : back-to-back national league champs!   on to the world series! #ladetermined 
we shouldn’t allow a drug conviction to stand in the way of young people getting the financial aid they need to suc… 
when working families earn more, our economy works better for everyone. period. it’s time for congress to start working #forthepeople again.
. fue fundada en el  para crear una sociedad totalmente inclusiva para inmigrantes. ellos han estado al… 
. was founded in  to achieve a just society fully inclusive of immigrants. they’ve been on the frontline… 
sylvia mendez creció en california en el tiempo cuando latinxs no tenían el derecho de ir a las escuelas designadas… 
sylvia mendez grew up in california at a time when latinxs weren’t allowed to attend schools designated for “whites… 
la comunidad latinx en la ha enriquecido nuestra ciudad con activismo. en , manifestantes se reunieron al frent… 
the latinx community in los angeles has enriched our city with activism. in , protestors gathered at the farmer… 
a historic achievement! congratulations to lafc on becoming one of the few teams to make the playoffs in their firs… 
can you imagine the grief a parent must feel? someone who traveled here at great risk to save their children only t… 
u.s. courts are putting children that were separated from their families at the border up for adoption without noti… 
we must prioritize our workforce.   that means making sure apprenticeships and work-based training programs are a n… 
the only way your vote will not count is if you decide not to vote.   californians have until october nd to regis… 
we will fight to #defendicwa and the progress that has been made.   we will not go back.
even today, the civil rights advancements that have been made like the indian child welfare act, which was passed i… 
you can’t “discover” a land where people had been living for thousands of years.   today we observe… 
i used to work in an emergency room.   supporting policies to lower the costs of premiums, copays, and deductibles… 
register to vote here:  
power africa, feed the future, and agoa are great examples of how the us can partner with africa. i hope ’s… 
i think it’s important to take note about the way protesters and organizers have been treated during this confirmat… 
we should be protecting unions and passing legislation to increase wages #forthepeople.   i stand with my brothers… 
thanks to their activism, the nation learned what a tragedy it would have been to split up families who have been l… 
last week, a group of activists stopped by my office and shared the heartbreaking stories of what it means to cance… 
the ongoing crisis and violence taking place in #cameroon at this very moment is something that deserves the attent… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
make sure you are registered to vote, make sure your family is registered to vote, make sure everyone you know is r… 
it is so important to strengthen our relationships with countries in africa. improving health care &amp; expanding acce… 
congress has got to return to being a check and balance on this administration that has clearly committed human rig… 
yesterday, my office reviewed an internal report that found:  . more than , families were separated at the bor… 
last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %… 
another example of the obstacles survivors who come forward face at every single turn. america deserves a fair inve… 
trump is concerned about boys and young men? what hypocrisy! no concern when he called for the execution of  black… 
this is where the trump administration is so dangerous. while the nation is captivated by the supreme court appoint… 
% certain. 
after a very long week last week, one big step towards justice:  our lawsuit against trump has standing.   this is… 
it’s no wonder why there are still families searching for their children when the trump administration is shipping… 
 ar-s were used  year ago today in the largest mass shooting this country has ever seen.   ar-s are still in… 
it was an honor to host president akufo-addo here in the capitol. as the president said during the meeting, we must… 
once again, a survivor comes forward to tell her truth.  once again, she is listened to.  once again, she is not he… 
kavanaugh’s testimony yesterday was so angry, so entitled, so arrogant, and so disrespectful. i believe that that w… 
kavanaugh said he didn’t watch dr. ford’s testimony and apparently neither did trump.   but the country watched.… 
the united states commission on civil rights – our own federal civil rights watchdog – reports that discrimination… 
this is not what democracy looks like. 
there has never been a woman republican senator appointed to sit on the us senate judiciary committee in the histor… 
inspired by dr. ford’s courage this morning to step forward and to tell her story.   her story is our story. 
almost every time i travel abroad, i have to answer for trump and his policies.   this week, the world laughed at h… 
this memo stating that separating families was meant to deter migration was written back in april.  secretary neils… 
the only thing that sets kavanaugh apart from the other men ready to repeal #roevwade is his willingness to protect… 
what congress is not voting on this week: legislation to protect the mueller investigation.  what congress is votin… 
congress comes back into session this week for what could be the last time until after the election.   the first vo… 
over and over and over again:   it is not their fault.  
 : #pregnantwomenincustody deserve a national standard of care. proud to introduce bipartisan legislation to do just that.
 : establishing a standard of care for #pregnantwomenincustody is a matter of human rights. proud to introduce legislation…
two weeks ago, i introduced the #pregnantwomenincustody act to make sure that what happened to pamela never happens… 
 : pamela tripped while shackled in prison and had a miscarriage as a result. that’s inhumane. i am proud to have joined t…
 : bipartisan bill would outlaw shackling of pregnant inmates in federal prisons   …
 : the majority of women in congress!!! #dignity for incarcerated women is one issue that we can and do all agree on. let's do som…
 : pamela tripped while shackled in prison and had a miscarriage as a result. that’s inhumane. proud to have joined the majori…
pamela tropezó mientras estaba encadenada en la cárcel y como resultado, tuvo un aborto espontáneo. esto es inhuman… 
the shackling of pregnant women in prison is inhumane. two weeks ago, the majority of women serving in congress int… 
firing jeff sessions for the sole purpose of taking control of the mueller investigation would be an obstruction of… 
#whyididntreport is yet another powerful reminder that one person is no match for millions. these voices will not b… 
one year ago yesterday, hurricane maria devastated puerto rico and the us virgin islands. now, after the more than… 
the eagle and  recorded the segregated history of la when no one else would. thank you for your conti… 
republican senators do not want to hear what dr. ford has to say and they do not want to know what happened to her.… 
wishing a meaningful observance for kol nidre tonight and yom kippur tomorrow. g'mar hatima tova.
this is one of the most direct steps that trump has taken to interfere with the mueller investigation’s findings.… 
anita hill was given a hearing but she wasn’t listened to.   on monday, dr. christine blasey ford deserves to be he… 
“nobody should underestimate how much that paul manafort did to really help get this campaign to where it is right… 
today kicks off #hispanicheritagemonth - a time to give thanks for the extraordinary contributions the hispanic com… 
denise mcnair. carole robertson. addie mae collins. cynthia wesley.   years ago, these four little girls were kil… 
 : bipartisan bill would outlaw shackling of pregnant inmates in federal prisons 
i was truly horrified at potus’s complete lack of empathy and concern for the  us citizens who died in puerto r… 
there are , children in detention centers because the trump administration has slowed down the release of immi… 
we have to stop talking as if the policy of separating families at our border has stopped.  it hasn’t.   aunts, unc… 
today, we remember those we lost  years ago, we admire the courage of those who ran towards the smoke, and we hon… 
 years ago, our country experienced one of the worst economic downturns since the great depression.   it’s a good… 
if you were denied public service loan forgiveness this year because you were on the wrong payment plan, you may qu… 
donald trump wants to spend more time and resources on finding out which staff member wrote an op-ed than reuniting… 
to those celebrating rosh hashanah this evening, i wish nothing but joy for you and your family in the coming new year. l'shanah tovah!
data is so important to end the traumatic abuses happening within our child welfare system. the foster youth of thi… 
on thursday, trump announced he wanted to change regulations so that the us government can incarcerate immigrant fa… 
in the us,  in every  black babies are born with sickle cell trait and  in every  black babies are born with… 
i remember sitting through hearings listening to  men argue for  hours straight about a woman’s right to choose.… 
when i worked in the er of la county hospital, i watched people die because they didn’t have adequate health insura… 
the people need to see the truth about who this man really is and what he believes. the people need to see… 
 : the cbc and civil rights leaders are urging the senate to reject judge kavanaugh’s nomination to the supreme court.  https…
just yesterday, trump tweeted that the department of justice should not have charged two congressmen because they’r… 
this #laborday, as we endure an unprecedented level of attacks against labor, we stand firm and we stand together w… 
the importance of brett kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings coming up this week cannot be overstated. voting rights a… 
september th is the last day to register to participate in the congressional art competition. don’t miss out on t… 
 people were shot in  hours in chicago over the weekend. where were the cameras? where was the outrage?   where… 
brett kavanaugh’s confirmation is about civil rights and women’s rights. it’s about the right to breathable air and… 
restraints and solitary confinement are still used on women who are pregnant in prison. that's a human rights abuse… 
proud obama boulevard will be in the th district and to have obama’s name etched into our city as a way to not on… 
on friday, my office was informed that there are children younger than  years old who were separated from their fa… 
they should be “taking a look” at reunifying the children that still have not been reunified with their families.   
especially at the beginning of another school year, students need help avoiding predatory loans and extreme debt. t… 
this new death toll is not just a tragic reminder of how the trump administration failed puerto rico -- it’s eviden… 
californians arrested for crimes will no longer be required to post bail to be released from jail while awaiting th… 
 years ago, more than , people gathered at the foot of the lincoln memorial to march for more than civil ri… 
thank you to , ,  and  for leading this effort.   let’s pass this bill.
on august , ,  year-old emmett till was lynched. today,  years later, lynching is still not a federal cri… 
congress must address this issue. increasing airline efficiency cannot require the sacrifice of health and well-bei… 
 years ago yesterday, women won the right to vote.   the next federal election is november , .    #womensequalityday
as news comes out of jacksonville, the country goes through a painfully familiar phase of waiting to find out what… 
john mccain served his country with honor and deserves the respect of his country for it. my thoughts are with his… 
happy birthday to the national parks service! congratulations on  years of connecting people to the great outdoo… 
if trump got played during his meeting with north korea, imagine what happened during his meeting with putin. donal… 
today, we demanded that the judiciary committee come to order immediately to have a hearing about the criminal misc… 
trump’s attempt to limit the ability of home care workers to join a union to advocate for better wages, benefits, a… 
teachers want money for coloring pencils and paper, not handguns paid for by funds that are supposed to be used for… 
the president of the united states is taking policy recommendations from cable news hosts running stories from whit… 
#eidmubarak to all those celebrating. #eidaladha!   
no one - not children, not women, and not prisoners - no one should be forced into labor. i stand with the thousand… 
trump’s lawyer: guilty of violating campaign finance laws at trump's direction. trump’s campaign manager: guilty of… 
ice tapped on a window of a car being driven by a man taking his pregnant wife to give birth. the result? she was f… 
✅ gold on vault ✅ gold on uneven bars ✅ gold on floor exercise ✅ gold on all-around ✅ gold on balance beam  ✅ forme… 
los angeles wants lower health care costs and higher wages. only one party is fighting #forthepeople. 
democrats are fighting for lower prescription drug costs, higher wages, and greater accountability for this adminis… 
especially today, in a country of ever-deteriorating international standing, we will miss #kofiannan - a visionary… 
when you heard #aretha, you heard soul, you heard fight, you heard struggle and you heard victory. rest in peace to… 
taking away the security clearances of political opponents for no reason other than their opposition is yet another… 
for those travelling to dc in september – the smithsonian national museum of african american history and... will n… 
 koreans will finally get to see family members they were separated from after the korean war. we cannot forget… 
senior bankruptcy rates have tripled since  because of lost savings and higher medical costs. today, on the r… 
trump still has yet to reunify the families he separated. remember that this is just the first step to correcting t… 
i urge the government of zimbabwe to exercise restraint and work within the letter of the law as it tries to resolv… 
being an opposition member or activist is not a crime. zimbabwean citizens should be given the space to voice disse… 
events taking place since zimbabwe’s election, including the recent arrest of opposition leader tendai biti, are extremely concerning. /
this will be a headline in this country in  years unless we act right away to reunite all of the children we've s… 
i hope this visit marks the beginning of an ongoing relationship with the ethiopian diaspora who proudly claim ethi… 
happy birthday to president obama (my president).   a leader of grace, a leader of courage, a leader of wisdom. 
 dogs separated from their owners after a hurricane! national crisis!    children intentionally separated fro… 
.: it is your profound inferiority and insecurity that leads to your racist rants.   it is clearly… 
i introduced legislation more than  days ago to force the government to reunite all of these families.   we treat… 
 : "the only reason you should ever separate a child from their parent is if there is documented abuse or neglect. not as punishmen…
in the us, kids in foster care have only  months before parental rights are terminated and they can be put up for… 
 years ago this week, medicare and medicaid were signed into law. these programs provide health insurance and eco… 
in california, black women make  cents for every dollar made by a white man.   the disparity is unacceptable and… 
we are less safe with a president who declares that north korea is no longer a threat despite indication that they… 
each year an estimated , women give birth while in custody.  it’s time to modernize our criminal justice system… 
we are subjecting children who we have ripped away from their parents to sexual abuse and hunger.  there are still… 
your administration dropped the lawsuit. you caused this problem. when more of our sons and daughters, brothers and… 
republicans will say that the only way to pay for this unilateral tax cut for the wealthy and the #goptaxscam is to… 
donald trump is the only person calling for a government shutdown. he’d rather spend billions on a campaign promise… 
sending strength to one of my strongest colleagues, . looking forward to seeing you soon!  
last week, the trump administration abandoned an obama-era effort to stop the distribution of ar- d printing ins… 
this trail will give residents in south la better access to our beaches. can’t wait to try it out!  
earlier this month, we lost a true fighter for justice and civil rights in dorothy cotton – someone who worked to f… 
no child should be considered “ineligible” to be returned to their parents. that’s just a way for the trump adminis… 
rod rosenstein is robert mueller’s boss. by attacking rod rosenstein, house republicans are hoping to do trump’s bi… 
there are children right now in texas who were told that their parents abandoned them and that they may have to liv… 
looking forward to opening the marvin gaye post office in south l.a. later this year. thank you to my colleagues fo… 
last week, i spoke to a grandmother (in a cage) who the government had deemed "ineligible" to stay with her grandch… 
 : . is just back from visiting separated families at the border.   she says it’s “shocking” how many parent…
let’s make sure these young women aren’t just referred to as “stabbing victim and her sister.”  their names are nia… 
the trump administration is declaring kids ineligible for reunification as an excuse to miss thursday’s deadline to… 
including a citizenship question in the #census is a blatant attempt to deter people from completing the census… 
 : rep. bass will join us live to discuss tuesday on  on  
if brett kavanaugh can’t #committoroe and to protecting civil rights advancements over the past  years, the senat… 
thanks to the thousands of constituents who joined me tonight for my telephone town hall about my trip to the borde… 
 : ., d-calif., who recently visited a detention facility at the border, on family separations:  "i think the…
just got back from texas.   families are still being separated.  parents are still being deported.  children are st… 
we have been told that families aren’t being separated anymore.   i’m in texas right now. everyone should know that… 
this is a crime. those responsible in the trump administration must be held accountable. /
the children were told that day that their parents had abandoned them. for two months, they thought they would neve… 
when they crossed the border and were apprehended, the parents were told that they would see their children after t… 
i just met this family here in texas. they are from honduras and they have given me their permission to tell their… 
es claro que el objetivo de rusia era interferir con nuestras elecciones. también es claro que seguimos siendo vuln… 
hay padres en detención ice que están obligados a pagar para hacer llamadas a sus hijos, con quienes no han hablado… 
no importa si el año es , , , o  -- emmett till y su familia merecen justicia.
on tuesday, i voted yes on the elie wiesel genocide and atrocities prevention act to increase the us capacity to pr… 
i’ve worked in emergency rooms in the heart of los angeles. #medicareforall is more than a policy initiative, it’s…     thanks !  what a great series!
you can’t undo birthright citizenship by executive order. someone needs to find a copy of schoolhouse rock and show it to .
 : great news!       …
 : an example of the difference we can make in peoples lives when we all come together. great to have you as part of that tea…
another one down on the road to another afc title. great job . on to green bay!
beautiful pick six! !
james white for six! let’s go !
this game has been underwhelming so far. hopefully the  close it out in style...
slow and steady wins the race. pats up - now.
another great stop by the pats defense. poor punt. incredible field position.
 :  brady 🐐 is going to make the bills mafia really mad tonight! #letsgo
a field goal it is. i’ll take it. 
the  have been really nice to keep the  in the game so far. time for # to put them away.
ok, . not your best start. let’s shut them down on defense.
monday night football: who are you rooting for?
 : shep smith on the migrant caravan: "there is no invasion. no one is coming to get you. there is nothing at all to worry abo…
these people aren’t climbing over a fence. they claim asylum and their requests are accepted or denied (in most cas… 
 : many thanks to our congressional delegation and to  for supporting the efforts to create housing in rho…
 : thanks to everyone who joined us to celebrate oxford place &amp; gardens last week - we are proud to be a part of this com…
 : happy to attend the groundbreaking for a new head start center with ,  and . on…
listen to  
this is not surprising. we deserve better than a couch potato president. 
. wants to talk about caravans, armed guards for religious venues, and anything else that will scar… 
      i just followed you in here so you can dm me now. thx.
      where are you? address? and w… 
     thanks, rodrigo!!!
 : your boston #redsox are the  world series champions!   #damagedone 
 : job’s done. damage done.  congratulations !   #damagedone 
now, get the duck boats ready! #damagedone
from the bottom of this red sox fan’s heart, thank you to john henry and the entire organization for such an incredible season!
 : best team in mlb history.  yankees fans will be blocked. #damagedone
 : #damagedone  congrats ! 
 : best team in sawx history
champions again! yes!
one to go!!!! #dirtywater #redsox #dodamage
 more outs...
wow! good for kelly! let’s go!!! #dodamage
price threw an absolute gem tonight. time for the bullpen to close it out. #dodamage
 : the rivalry between matt damon and jimmy kimmel is apparently still going strong at dodger stadium tonight. …
 : in , president george washington wrote to jewish congregations of newport, rhode island, that the us government "gives…
 : oldest existing jewish house of worship in the united states is touro synagogue of newport, rhode island, which opened in…
 
 : mookie's first #postseason home run came at a great time. 
 : red sox are doing damage!  j.d. martinez homers to center to give boston a -run lead in the th! 
 outs away...
mookie! what a shot! #dodamage
 outs to go. price is dealing tonight! #dodamage
 outs to go. price is looking really sharp (david freese’s two at bats notwithstanding). #dodamage
let’s go ! bring it home tonight!
happy th birthday to my wonderful niece, lucia!  in fairness, my sister stephanie redeemed herself with a birthda… 
  i’ve certainly done more that write nasty meaningless tweets. i’m sorry you’re such a s… 
 :  preaching a gospel of hope to friends and neighbors in the #southend w/ congressmen  &amp; …
 : .⁦⁩ statement on pittsburgh 
devastating news from pittsburgh.  such hate and violence in a sacred place of worship. my heart is broken and keep… 
 : thank you , , and  for an excellent discussion on how ri is a national leader in ele…
 : thank you for inviting me, . it was great to meet with you,  &amp; . we had an excellent…
 : “we are all here because we recognize housing is a critical issue in our community and state... everyone deserves a ho…
 : congrats to  &amp;  for well deserved awards at  #lightsonafterschool.  is proud…
 : i'm energized after event in des moines last night with  and ri rep . this is the most impo…
regardless of whether or not the president will do this, it is the responsibility of every leader in this country t… 
this is the time for the president to do all he can to bring our country together and to strongly condemn political violence of any kind.
political violence has no place in the united states of america. the president should be doing everything he can to… 
each of the people targeted in these attempted bombings is someone who the president has attacked in vicious terms… 
just days ago, he applauded a republican congressman for physically attacking a reporter who was doing his job.
the president has spent years stoking the flames of political violence. he has encouraged police brutality, refused… 
i want to express my gratitude to the men and women of law enforcement who have already responded to these terrifyi… 
these horrific acts of domestic terrorism have no place in america and must be condemned by every decent, civilized person in our country.
(thread) during the past few days, explosive devices were delivered to two former presidents of the united states,… 
 : volunteers in des moines today are fired up and ready to knock on doors to #getoutthevote! thank you  for…
just landed in des moines. iowa is beautiful! excited to be going to newton with  to talk about our bi… 
no matter how many times  repeats this lie it doesn’t make it true. 
wheels up to des moines early tomorrow morning. looking forward to spending some time with my good friend… 
the amount of white house staff time defending the president’s falsehoods must be unprecedented. 
the attempted bombing of george soros’s home should be a reminder to all of us that political violence has no place… 
let’s go ! bring home a w tonight! #dodamage
., don’t let me down!   , i can’t wait to see you in a  jersey! 
 : congressman  was on #dysom to discuss the trump administration, his re-election campaign, and run for ass…
what do the  and  have in common? both kicked ass today!
 mr. president, you are more fake news than cnn will ever be.
mr. president, you are more fake news than cnn will ever be. 
i was so dazzled by my wonderful colleague ’s debate performance yesterday, i forgot to wish him a ve… 
this is sick. just over two weeks until the midterms.  is going to keep attacking anyone he can to… 
 excellent!
it’s times like these i wish  didn’t eliminate the position of cybersecurity coordinator. 
remember when  accused ted cruz’s dad of killing jfk? and then cruz supported him anyway? 
man, i miss the days when racist jokes were frowned upon. 
just a reminder that republicans threw themselves a party after they passed a bill to take away coverage for pre-ex… 
. is a direct threat to the freedom of the press. 
democrats are fighting for the people. show your support this fall. all proceeds go to an american manufacturer wit… 
 : cnn’s max boot: asking saudis to investigate themselves is like asking trump jr. to conduct russia probe …
 : tough on poor latin american refugees, soft on saudis who torture and kill journalists. 
just finished a visit to the cape verdean museum exhibit in east providence. lots of incredible culture. very proud… 
just got this absurd letter from the state department on khashoggi’s disappearance. why the hell are we outsourcing… 
this is a lie. the president went to court to take away access to coverage from  million people with pre-existin… 
 : #lightsonafterschool ri  will honor congressman  mayor  and representative julie casimir…
over the last month, i’ve had a wonderful time campaigning for candidates in new hampshire, texas, virginia, florid… 
republican. culture. of. corruption. 
republicans are coming for social security and medicare. i think we should cut the deficit by repealing tax cuts fo… 
 : a big thanks to u.s. rep and equality act author  for coming out to #az to support my campaign. we host…
release your tax returns 
great to be with  and some of his amazing volunteers and interns from ! 
 : we are proud to endorse congressman  who has not only been a leader in congress, but an outspoken voice against…
 :   love it, grace is obsessed with  tiny dc apartment.  but these moments ar…
flying to phoenix to campaign with  today. greg was a great mayor of phoenix and will fight for that… 
 : thanks so much to , congressman  and folks in the #duluth area and across #mn who came out…
 : another energizing day in #mn. from lakeville to burnsville to cottage grove, #teamangie came out in full force. snow d…
 : canvassing in the snow with  for  in mn congressional district. happy to have congressman …
just met a rhode islander who’s working for ! johnna grayson from north kingstown! 
 : want to learn more about how we can get the corrupting influence of money out of our political system? come join me tomo…
just touched down in orlando where i’ll be campaigning for my wonderful colleague . click here to h… 
  of course!
congratulations and best wishes to these two newlyweds, katie spoerer and james piner, who met while working in my… 
 : so grateful to  for his leadership on the issues of #collegeaccess and #collegeaffordability. …
another upside of being in dc tonight: got to go to the excelencia in education  celebracion de excelencia wher… 
   thanks, nancy!
 : #voteblue   "the choice is clear. democrats are fighting for the people — and republicans are fighting for the powerful" -…
on #nationalcomingoutday, i’m very grateful for the support i received when i told my friends and family that i’m g… 
campaigning with  later tonight. outstanding candidate in northern virginia. click here to help make… 
 : “democrats believe america is strongest with a health care system that prioritizes people — not one that taxes and take…
 : ., ,  on the real democratic agenda: if we win house control, we'll work to lower #h…
kanye west is yelling about alternate universes in the white house. is this really what the president should be spe… 
great to be in norfolk today with ! can’t wait to welcome her to congress in january.  days to go! 
on my way to campaign for  today. elaine served our country for  years in the navy. now she’s ready… 
      thank goodness you only have  followers… 
 : from ,  and  on democratic house agenda: if we win the house, we'll work to create…
 : thrilled to join    to make sure we have a government that works #forthepeopl…
strong support continues from house democrats for our ally and friend, israel. this enduring friendship is based up… 
“our country needs him.” - rep cicilline on  
great to be campaigning for a real champion of reform like  today! 
live from  hq. click here to watch live now.  
heading over to our panel discussion on cleaning up corruption in washington. great to be at  hq with… 
just landed in dallas, texas. getting ready to campaign for  and talk with voters about the democrati… 
 : no surprise that  is on the list of endorsements.  he is a #gunsensecandidate and is leading the way. thank you…
how about $ billion for education? or infrastructure? or health care? or job training?  trump’s wall is more impo… 
four weeks to go and momentum is on our side! i’m hitting the road tomorrow to campaign for  in dalla… 
this is the opposite of truth. 
   thanks!
today is october .  election day is november .  make them pay in  days.   vote.
if you stayed home in  because you thought hillary and trump were the same, you were wrong.   don’t make the sa… 
thank you to  and . proud to have two champions of women’s rights and basic decency representing me in the senate.
elections matter. ticked off about kavanaugh? put your anger to use. vote on tuesday, november .
elections matter. ticked off about kavanaugh? put your anger to use. vote on tuesday, november .
was great welcoming  back to rhode island this week. thrilled that he’s working to elect democrats across… 
 : congressman   
 :  says “we couldn’t have gotten this far without the innovative work from  “ #composites…
 : strong messages for #manufacturingday for #composites from  and    …
happy birthday to my wonderful colleague and great friend  who is now officially old enough to run for president!
 it’s amazing how the “lock her up” president is now obsessed with due process.
it’s amazing how the “lock her up” president is now obsessed with due process. 
in less than five weeks, we can put a real check on ’s pro-wall street, special interest agenda. ma… 
yesterday we found out  has cheated the tax system for years. just a reminder that i’ve introduced… 
$ million! the average american would have to live , years to owe that much in taxes! 
. just mocked dr. ford at a rally. it’s reprehensible and disgusting. and not a single republican i… 
 dan, don’t get yourself too worked up. i wasn’t driving. when you facebook live your using the camer… 
 : , people who refuse to be silenced. every single vote counts. 
this is an insult to every american who works hard and pays their taxes. it’s long past time he be held accountable. 
 no, , people are voting for democrats because we want   ) higher wages ) lower h… 
no, , people are voting for democrats because we want   ) higher wages ) lower health care costs… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
more people around the world trust vladimir putin to do the right thing than . have we ever been le… 
 : thrilled to support superstar  along with hardworking congressman  as she goes for another…
i can actually say this is the first person i’ve heard say we need more people like lindsey graham. wow, just wow! 
 : mayor  and congressman  caught having a blast at the  #brighterfutures luncheo…
  thanks, richard for your kind words.
a year ago today, we witnessed the worst mass shooting in modern american history. one year later, congress has sti… 
even for lindsey graham, this is sad. #merrickgarland 
this is insane. the president is acting like a mob boss. 
president trump’s comments to  today were inexcusable. we can’t allow this behavior to go without criti… 
 : it was a pleasure to see my good friend dr. jeffrey dodge at the ri oral health foundation’s  mission of mercury free…
honored to welcome  back to rhode island today! 
 : rep  takes the stage. "the democratic party stands for the people of this country as the republicans continu…
 very sorry you feel that way.i think people have a right to know the facts.the trump administration… 
  thanks!
 thanks to a great colleague and wonderful friend!
  thanks, glenn!
proud to see my friend and home state senator  getting closer to the truth and helping point out the… 
 : .    are the members who confirmed to me today. they join reps. jerry nadl…
speaking at ’s event tonight. proud of my work to support and provide resources for refugees fleeing v… 
 : sure looks like zuckerberg lied to congress about whether users have “complete control” over who sees our data on faceb…
congrats !  thanks for your extraordinary reporting!  when the history of this dark period is written, you w… 
the breach of private data belonging to  million people is just the latest in a long line of facebook’s broken pr… 
 : .  and i have an op-ed on trump's war on refugees. america has been a beacon of light for those…
 : . is in studio now! giving his take on the #kavanaugh #drchristineblaseyford testimonies and more.   watch: https:…
joining  right now. click here to listen now. 
i stand with dr. christine blasey ford. i can only imagine the pain she carries with her to this day. we should all… 
some news: just announced to my colleagues that i will be running for assistant democratic leader in the th cong… 
sad that republican senators are declining to even directly engage with dr. ford. so cowardly and disrespectful.
this sign says it all. 
for the record, i’m a co-sponsor of ’s th amendment bill.
“he likes me. i like him.” -  on mass murderer kim jong un. this presidency is doing so much to mak… 
great meeting so many wonderful rhode island students studying here in washington at our annual student reception w… 
even by ’s standards, this press conference is bizarre. manic even.
., , and i in our #forthepeople hats, about to present to our democratic colleagues. 
three women in the past  days have accused brett kavanaugh of sexual assault. holding a hearing tomorrow without… 
looking forward to joining  in a few minutes to talk about the middle east peace process and what the… 
 was a passenger in the car, not driving but appreciate your watching in any event.
so, brett kavanaugh has time to answer fox news’s questions on these allegations, but not the fbi’s? 🤔
 : there's a lot at stake this november. if we stay home, critical issues that affect our families and communities get igno…
 : today is #nationalvoterregistraionday !! today is the day to #registertovote  if you haven’t already!! …
 : in  days, we will head to the polls like never before. it's time to use our voice and vote to protect the future of our… political leaders must end hateful rhetoric that serves no purpose other than to divide us as a country.  and congr… 
as we pray for the victims and all those affected, we also must pledge to do whatever we can as a congress and as a… 
today’s tragic mass shooting at a pittsburg synagogue comes on heels of african-americans being targeted by a kille… 
before going home for good ahead of the midterms house republicans are playing dangerous political games with the m… 
i’m as proud of dr. ford as i am disappointed with the institution of the us senate.
as a former district attorney who has worked with victims of sexual assault, i realize the excruciating and retraum… 
yet, for a lifetime appointment to one of our nation’s most important positions, federal investigators are not bein… 
i was fortunate to be able to pay my way through college working for the post office. for that job, federal investi… 
first and foremost, tevis and i send our condolences to the family of arthur medici, the victim of yesterday's shar… 
l’shana tova to all who are celebrating today. may your new year be happy, healthy, and sweet.
on august , , we lost the lion of the senate, ted kennedy. today, nine years later, we lost another pillar of… 
the president’s decision to punish  because he doesn’t like what he says about him puts our nation at risk, plain and simple.
it has been standard practice for former cia directors to maintain their security clearance so that their successor… 
when you next see a first responder, please thank them. they risk their lives everyday to protect us, a fact that o… 
i visited with chief dunne and his officers this morning and was relieved to hear from him that both injured office… 
my thoughts are with the two officers shot in falmouth last night. we can only imagine the horror that they have ex… 
every member of congress – democrat, republican, or independent – who stands by silently after today is complicit.
president trump’s actions are an immediate threat to our national security.
he has done more than just embarrass our country by not holding putin accountable and refusing to denounce russia f… 
trump discarded evidence from our national security experts, dismissed our rule of law, and utterly failed in his r… 
it was impossible to distinguish his words from russian propaganda.
today, the president of the united states stood next to the person who directed an attack on our country and instea… 
it was impossible to distinguish trump’s words today from russian propaganda.
i didn’t know officer chesna personally, but i had the privilege of working closely with the men and women of the w… 
today’s loss of officer michael chesna is another sad reminder of the risks that our public safety officers take ea… 
 : live now:  and  discuss congressional efforts to counter russian aggression in europe. watch here, and twe…
one of the greatest joys of my life has been being a dad to two great children. to all the fathers, grandfathers, u… 
we see the pictures of terrified children separated from their families on newspapers across the country.   this is… 
i’m grateful to these four statesmen who were able to look beyond president trump’s ridiculous trade war to help th… 
i was happy to come to common agreement with president macron, eu ambassador o’sullivan, german ambassador wittig,… 
incredibly moving moment at marshfield high school's graduation ceremony this weekend. god bless our service men an… 
today is an opportunity for quiet reflection to remember the service men and women who gave all and are buried at h… 
my grandmother was a gold star mother, and i have always been committed to the ideal that our best opportunity to h… 
on memorial day we honor the members of the united states armed forces who have made the ultimate sacrifice. we mus… 
once again, we must ask: when will speaker ryan allow this congress to do something to protect our kids and citizen… 
once again, i continue to pledge my commitment to common-sense gun safety laws.
once again, my prayers are with the victims, their families, and all those affected today in santa fe at yet another school shooting.
the senate just voted to reinstate #netneutrality rules. as a cosponsor of the house version of this bill, i am urg… 
proud to stand in solidarity with the men and women of ibew  at the philips plant in fall river. #unionstrong 
this morning i joined , ,  and members of the new bedford fishing community to di… 
my statement on potus's #irandeal announcement: 
my condolences to lana's family, friends, and her  and  family, who are already having an incredib… 
lana jones knew everyone, and everyone who knew lana knew her to be smart, kind, thorough, and great at her job. i… 
for a man born and married on patriots day, gil santos was the consummate new englander. he will be sorely missed.
there are plenty of new englanders who muted the tv broadcasts in big games and high leverage moments in favor of h… 
for thirty-six years, fairhaven native gil santos was the voice of the new england patriots. the model of reliabili… 
like our own abigail adams, barbara bush will not simply be remembered as the wife and mother of presidents, but al… 
i firmly believe that there is no greater love than giving up one’s life for another. we are honored and humbled to… 
our most heartfelt prayers go out to officer sean gannon’s wife dara, his family, and the men and women who served at his side.
medal of honor recipient, and fall river native, capt. thomas hudner was laid to rest today in arlington national c… 
like many who came of age in the 's, i still remember where i was when we learned of dr. king's assassination. in… 
president trump is taking us backwards.
and massachusetts has been a leader in treatment and prevention nationwide. while interdiction and law enforcement… 
that is why the centers for disease control advocates for an approach of combining medically assisted and behaviora… 
back then, i was tasked with the responsibility of approaching it from a criminal side, but i learned this is much… 
over a decade and a half ago as norfolk county district attorney, i started an opioid task force, and what i learne… 
tevis &amp; i are saddened to hear of rep. louise slaughter's passing. tevis &amp; louise shared kentucky roots &amp; louise wa… 
when asked about the state dept. last year, trump said he is “the only one that matters" on foreign policy. as long… 
it's outrageous that my republican colleagues on the house intelligence committee stand completely at odds with our… 
nantucket residents have shown they refuse to be indifferent. i join with everyone in this community in saying ther… 
this response reminds me of the words of elie wiesel: the opposite of love isn’t hate, it’s indifference.
i spoke with charity grace lambert, director of nantucket’s african meeting house, who told me of the outpouring of… 
good luck to mike trapp from marstons mills who will be competing tonight (saturday morning, south korean time) in… 
there are no more questions; no witch hunt. it happened. russia interfered in our last election. and they are still… 
this is not who we are. this must end.
our nation owes a debt to these families and to all of those who suffered from preventable mass shootings. the soon… 
my heart goes out to the families of the marjory stoneham douglas high school and all of south florida. the tragedy… 
let's go pats! #notdoneyet #blitzforsix
wray was appointed by trump, as was rosenstein and boyd – all of whom opposed releasing this memo. if there is a co… 
special counsel mueller’s investigation into the russian attack on our country, including possible involvement by t… 
having read both nunes and democrats’ memo, the only reason to release the nunes memo is to undermine the work of s… 
congratulations to my friend  and to a great crowd in fall river on a forward looking speech with a p… 
our national security was weakened tonight as a result of the action of the republican members of the the house intelligence committee.
please join me in keeping the safety and security of the roughly , american women and men serving in afghanist… 
coming from a family of public servants, it is not surprising that cecile richards has spent her life helping other… 
congress has a constitutional responsibility to hold the executive branch accountable, and tonight’s  repor… 
president trump and the republican congressional leadership are orchestrating this shutdown to avoid dealing with i… 
proud to stand with pastor aguy and cape haitian-americans at canaan bilingual sda church in hyannis this am. discr… 
trump's disparaging comments about other nations during the daca negotiations are beneath the office of the preside… 
on #nationallawenforcementappreciationday we recognize hard working men and women, like my father, brother and niec… 
wishing a happy &amp; peaceful new year to all as i look forward to continuing our work together in .
potus's decision to fire remaining members of the hiv/aids council sends a concerning message. we should be advanci… 
in an america that values fairness, this fails. #republicantaxbill
our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the two fishermen whose bodies were recovered today off of nantucket.
praying for everyone affected by the horrific train derailment in washington state and all the first responders wor… 
the fcc voted to repeal #netneutrality rules - a clear attack on consumer protections. quick, affordable access to… 
i am struggling to find the right words on this  year anniversary of sandy hook. those children should be enjoying… 
the strength of our country - an informed, engaged people exercising our  democratic rights and values - on clear d… 
good luck to    at gillette today! let's bring those super bowl trophies back to #ma!
designating north korea as a state sponsor of terrorism is a critical piece of what must be a comprehensive us stra… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the sailors onboard the transport flight that crashed off the coast of japan today… 
this weekend, afghan women ran in the bamiyan marathon...this month, i met with former first lady laura bush &amp; afgh… 
continuing to commemorate the nd birthday of the us marine corps in falmouth. 
marking the nd birthday of the us marine corps with an early celebration in the capitol. 
heading home after last votes and had good company on the runway at tf green when i landed.  any predictions for th… 
from :   "so let’s consider more apt and accurate names.  like, say, the national debt expansion pl… 
today i participated in a bipartisan briefing with drug enforcement professionals and public health officials: 
sec. devos is denying loan forgiveness for those defrauded by for-profit colleges without explanation to victims. 
america cannot be a country that allows discrimination against people w/ pre-existing conditions. #grahamcassidy allows this discrimination.
 congress can, and must, take action to make #daca law. (/)
 action begs question: where was ’s focus on “law &amp; order” last week when he pardon… 
.'s decision and ag sessions statement fail to recognize that #dreamers, by definition, are law-abiding americans. (/)
congress must take swift action and bring a vote to the floor to preserve daca. (/)
hoping all those living through hurricane harvey stay safe.  our thoughts and prayers are with you.
condolences to victims, families, &amp; all affected by act of terrorism in barcelona. the united states stands with the people of spain. 🇺🇸🇪🇸
potus's words demonstrate a moral compass where north is south, east is west.we must be of one course as a country-to condemn hate &amp; racism.
my thoughts are with all those injured today in charlottesville.
it has become a beacon for all and we will continue to endure in those beliefs regardless of those who wish to destroy our values.
america does not belong to one race or ethnicity or group.
hatred and violence have no place in our society, but the white supremacy marches yesterday and today go beyond that.
the recklessness of the president's statement on north korea yesterday is undercutting diplomacy and putting us all in danger.
simply stated, ma is a better place thanks to 's lifetime of service. proud to call her a friend.
today's potus anti-transgender tweets are repugnant. to the est., currently serving: i value you, i support you, i will fight for you.
john mccain is an american hero and a colleague on foreign affairs issues. he and his family are in our thoughts and prayers.
my prayers are with the families of the marines &amp; sailor who tragically lost their lives yesterday in mississippi.
chief of which is to serve others. self-serving attacks belittle office. time for trump to stop tweeting and get to work. (/)
kids &amp; seniors going hungry w/o snap; climate change rollbacks.  holding public office comes with responsibilities, (/)
trump attack on mika was unacceptable.  also unacceptable: nearly doubling healthcare premiums for all americans; (/)
and don’t forget: senate #trumpcare still strips  million people of their health insurance, including  million in —as in next year.
. million women—*and men—receive vital health services from planned parenthood each year. senate #trumpcare eliminates their support.
#trumpcare cuts medicaid by $b. who gets hurt: % of all children, % of seniors in nursing homes, &amp; % of families giving birth.
senate #trumpcare lets insurers discriminate against women simply because they’re women.
if you’re an older american, senate trumpcare makes you pay % more per month for your health insurance.
if you’re sick and want to buy insurance to help pay for your care, senate #trumpcare makes you wait six months.
no more help with substance use disorders. no more coverage for maternity care. no more preventative care to help control diabetes.
senate #trumpcare guts essential health benefits and protections for pre-existing conditions.  no more coverage for cancer survivors.
no more help with substance use disorders. no more coverage for maternity care. no more preventative care to help c… 
senate #trumpcare guts essential health benefits and protections for pre-existing conditions.  no more coverage for… 
further analysis of senate #trumpcare:
latest #trumpcare estimate: m lose insurance. those who don’t lose insurance have to choose between less coverage or higher premiums.
hero  officer david bailey threw first pitch last night. took this on my iphone as joe torre and robe… 
as situation in alexandria develops, my prayers for a speedy recovery are with rep. , our capitol police, and staffers.
my op-ed in the globe on how we can get to the bottom of russia's attack on our country: 
keeping all affected in london attacks in my thoughts &amp; prayers. will continue to monitor situation as ranking member of terrorism subcomm.
us has stepped aside &amp; allowed allies &amp; adversaries alike to fill our shoes as both an economic &amp; moral leader.… 
if trump moves to leave #parisagreement, he will single-handedly limit us leadership, stifle economic growth &amp; threaten our security.
today we honor the memory of our fallen heroes who sacrificed all, so that we can live free. 
kaiser family foundation: #gop voted for medicaid &amp; chip cuts that jeopardize treatment for  in  americans w/opi… 
#trumpcare steals from us all to give to the richest of the rich.
cbo: #gop voted to gut medicaid, strip guarantees for basic services &amp; pre-existing conditions; &amp; #trumpcare still leaves m uninsured.
disastrous data from globe: uninsured in ma could rise to over % under #trumpcare. currently ~%, lowest in us. 
is anyone surprised that potus boasted to russian diplomats about his dismissal of comey to relieve pressure? careless &amp; dangerous.
proud to be original co-sponsor of legislation in congress to make / international day against homophobia &amp; transphobia #idahot
as frmr prosecutor, i believe an obstruction of justice investigation is warranted. investigation should not be limited to intel committees.
with american lives &amp; those of our allies jeopardized, the long silence from congressional republicans is no longer acceptable. (/)
potus revealing classified information to a hostile foreign nation betrays his fundamental obligation as commander in chief. (/)
time to end republican silence in the house. support special prosecutor or be part of the coverup.
more important than ever to keep investigation going. all americans must keep demanding answers. only way we'll get to truth.
so clear comey was fired because investigation was heating up.
taking place in middle of investigation into cyber attack on us and trump involvement, this shatters public confidence in our systems. (/)
as a former prosecutor, comey firing again underscores the need for independent investigation of trump campaign. (/)
house republicans trumpcare vote: 
today i voted in favor of the fiscal year  omnibus appropriations act. full statement: 
great job #falmouth prevention partnership, , &amp; #projectpurple on today's #dea drug take back - ope… 
i enjoyed having a discussion with  this morning about national security and other important issues facin… 
statement on last night's missile strike in syria. 
proud to join  to reintroduce the social security  act in support of ma’s ,+ beneficiarie… 
 : thanks to #friendofthecoast  for leading a "dear colleague" letter in support of  &amp; nat'l estuary f…
major reason behind gop pulling #ahca today? your calls, emails, letters, tweets... don't let up the pressure, don't stop paying attention.
#ahca = $b in tax breaks for the wealthiest paid for by the rest of us - $k extra out of pocket in  alone f… 
 foreign affairs dems joined op-ed i authored. have long maintained need for ind invest of trump/russia ties 
 : on the issues- he's with us - 
trump says gop plan is "a thing of beauty" - there's nothing beautiful about  million people losing their healthcare.
latest from the small government gop: step into the boss's office for your weigh-in. 
as  points out,  million would lose coverage for opioid treatment under the gop health plan.… 
to the women of #ma, to my wife tevis &amp; daughter kristen, to the women on my team: i support you and stand with y… 
nyt: #republicare cuts funding for the poor, taxes for the rich. usatoday: hard to find winners under #republicare. what were they thinking?
 mil people who gained coverage will lose it. older americans get charged x more for their plans. gop made us wait  years for that? #aca
to  &amp; all trans students: i support your right to a safe education. scotus must rule to #protecttranskids. #standwithgavin 🏳️‍🌈
earlier this morning, i called on attorney general sessions to resign.  
proud to be a  #whiteribbonday ambassador &amp; to bring pledge to congress for the th year in a row.  #wrd
what we've know all along.  ma is #. 
#tbt to my post last week: #protecttranskids #youareloved  
everyday activities shouldn’t provoke fear of discrimination. protect &amp; respect our transgender citizens. #everyonewelcome 
my op-ed in today's globe: why we need an independent commission to investigate this administration’s ties w/russia 
sgt. william carney: civil war hero &amp; st african american congressional medal of honor recipient #blackhistorymonth 
today, the house passed legislation to strip away title x funding. #waronwomen 
what a game. congratulations to the !
yesterday, my bipartisan airport perimeter security bill passed the house &amp; is on its way to the senate for a vote. 
today, i spoke w/ braude &amp; eagan on   listen to our discussion on recent eo &amp; my airport safety bill. 
today is the last day of open enrollment for  health coverage. visit ma health connector to #getcovered today. 
proud to stand on steps of the supreme court with house &amp; sen dems to oppose  executive order on immigration. 
hr : another attempt to deny women their fundamental right to make health decisions. (/)   
despite millions marching sat., the magnitude of gop’s #waronwomen remains astounding. (/)    
corporations are not people &amp; money is not speech. proud to cosponsor #democracyall amendment to overturn citizens united. #getmoneyout
great energy among the + ppl at today's #falmouthmarchforamerica - thanks  &amp; #engagefalmouth for… 
 provides countless women w/critical health services. the gop plan to defund it is outrageous. time to get on… 
anything less will not only undermine our national security but our democracy. (/)
conducted &amp; will likely continue to conduct hostile cyber attacks. in order to thwart this, we must first acknowledge its existence. (/)
as someone who has sat across from the fsb on  trips to russia, it’s time for our president-elect to accept the fact that russia (/)
critical to have your voice heard over next  years to protect our values. (/)
clear example your voice matters: gop pulling plan to gut independent ethics committee because of public outcry. (/)
. thanks for stopping by to celebrate the start of the th congress with tevis and me! 
great to speak with you &amp; other service members while visiting okinawa, tokyo, &amp; u.s. pacific command last week.tha… 
great tour (and lunch!) at  this week - lots of exciting new establishments in #downtown #newbedford… 
proud to join cape cod  &amp;  to mark the th anniversary of the #sandyhook shooting - impt t… 
congrats to #ma  winners alec lawrence &amp; justin gaiser of ! can't wait to congrat… 
 : ers continue to advocate  the capitol! ers from  join . #carenotchaos #donoharm #aca #usp…
congrats to     on your  super bowl wins at  today!
my staff &amp; i wore purple to #wagehope against pancreatic cancer, rd deadliest cancer in us #pancaware  i strongly condemn the acts of racially motivated violence and anti-semitism that took place a the kroger grocery s… 
in light of homecoming this weekend, i’d like to share a #tbt of me speaking at my alma mater . wishing m… 
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
 thanks, brian!
  
earlier today,  asked me some direct questions about the president. his history with the central park  cou… 
 : op-ed from  chairman  and  chairman &amp; ceo alex gorsky: “working together to improve #div…
 : "brees is a certified living legend and prime example of leadership not only to his teammates, but to all of the who da…
thank you ! it was a pleasure speaking at yesterday’s conference on the importance of building a robus… 
congratulations to  on achieving the nfl’s all time passing record! thank you for representing the city o… 
 : cbc chairman : "some votes more than others show you whether an elected official is willing to do what is cour…
 : at this point is there a democrat from west virginia that cares about issues affecting disadvantaged people? #stopkavanaugh
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
 : thank you  for your leadership and support of #cisa. you’re right - the men and women of  are some of the…
when it comes to defending our nations critical infrastructure from cyberattacks we can count on . for years c… 
icymi: please read my statement on the house passage of my bill, h.r. , also known as the protecting critical i… 
 : in strategic partnership with ,   meets with congressman cedric richmond. here, our executive director,…
 : cbc chairman  &amp; i sent a letter to the trump administration demanding it rescind its forthcoming public ch…
 : hanging with cbc chairman cedric richmond on his birthday!! happy bday ced!!! ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ #cbcfalc http…
 : happy birthday, ! grateful for your leadership of the  and commitment to helping my hometown of #…
 : hbd, cbc chairman  (d-la-)! the   graduate serves on both the  &amp; …
 : kavan-nah! we don’t think any more needs to be said. but if you want to know more about why the cbc is urging the senate t…
imposing a nike ban on the innocent youth of kenner is divisive and unnecessary. we as politicians should bring peo… 
seventeen years ago today, america changed forever. for the anniversary of /, may we remember the lives of those… 

in order to save valuable time and money, i confess that i wrote the  op-ed about the trump administration.… 
 : .: "as members of the cbc, we cannot overstate #whatsatstake for african americans and communities of color...…
 : .: "the cbc believes that, if confirmed, judge kavanaugh’s views on voting rights, policing, and executive pow…
i enjoyed speaking to  today! thank you for your work supporting #la businesses. 
 : as the kavanaugh #scotus hearings proceed, cbc chairman  and i, chair of the cbc judicial nominations task f…
 : tropical storm #gordon advisory : now available on the nhc website. 
 : tomorrow, tuesday, sept , the a will operate bus, streetcar, &amp; ferry service as weather conditions permit. if sustain…
 : voluntary evacuation issued in grand isle: tropical storm gordon 
 : tropical storm gordon forms near the florida keys 
my district is home to some of the hardest working people i know, and i am proud to represent them in congress. let… 
thirteen years ago today, hurricane katrina made landfall as a natural and man-made disaster that devastated the en… 
i’m hosting my th annual small business expo this thursday at . be sure to register today to attend by g… 
 just announced $m for west shore lake pontchartrain! team effort and years of hard work. finally gettin… 
we lost a champion today. felicia kahn was a giant in the city of new orleans and her work and passion gained her a… 
we can disagree on nuances of immig policy, but we should all agree no one should b subjected to this horrendous tr… 
family separation at our borders is cruel and goes against our values as a country.  it must stop!  joined my colle… 
 : the best thing that happened to  since winning the #superbowl is  uninviting them to the #white…
 : cbc chairman  intentionally wore a baseball cap and gold chain last night on  to talk about #ev…
caption: , charleston sc. “black workmen properly reburied the union dead that were found there, and on may ,… 
with a grateful heart we thank those who served and continue to serve. we honor the lives of those who paid the ult… 
 : cbc chairman  signs our ,-page #jobsandjustice act of  after a press conference on thursday, may , …
 : #cbcdemandsjustice 
 : today is the day. tweet us using the hashtag #cbcdemandsjustice to ask a question or comment. members will start answering…
these findings are a clear indication that the  needs to put guidance in place that will ensure our young b… 
and young black boys are not the only ones suffering from the disproportionate disciplinary action in schools. youn… 
a  study explored the disproportionate impact of school suspension and expulsion on black students in south… 
shortly after introducing this bill, the obama administration put into place guidelines for school discipline. the… 
in , i took to the house floor to debate my youth empowerment strategy which would give students the opportunit… 
it's absolutely unacceptable that schools are punishing our african-american kids the way they do. these kids are d… 
#holocaustremembranceday 
a very big congratulations to all of the high school students throughout louisiana. education has the power to open… 
it’s time for women to get #equalpayforequalwork. no woman should have to work an extra  to  years to make what… 
did you know that a black woman in louisiana will have work until she is  years old to earn what a man will earn… 
. reports that women throughout the u.s. earn % less than men and the numbers only get worse as you look at… 
#equalpayday is a day that should not exist in our society. women work just as hard as men, if not harder, and they… 
 #dreamstilllives

new orleans mayor-elect   will become the first woman to hold the position when she is sworn in on ma… 
irma thomas, known as the “soul queen of new orleans” is a local cultural icon and won her first grammy in .… 
"as with many cases before alton, the system has prioritized absolving the perpetrators instead of vigorously seeki… 
families affected by the  flood may be able to receive a tax refund based upon their losses due to recent chang… 
oretha castle haley is a well-known activist and civil rights icon within louisiana. when she and  other activists… 
 : .: "congresswoman  was a champion for justice &amp; equality, one who worked tirelessly to make th…
#fbf i honored mrs. leah chase in  on the house floor for her continued dedication to civil rights and the city… 
i am saddened to hear of the passing of tom benson. he was an integral part of the new orleans community and will b… 
 : happy birthday to the incomparable justice ruth bader ginsburg!  #notoriousrbg #rbg 
yesterday,  announced they will immediately issue hurricane loan forgiveness for , ,… 
st. katharine drexel was extremely saddened by the educational disparities within the native american and african-a… 
yesterday, i highlighted that ruby bridges became the face of school integration at just -years-old. today, studen… 
. was the first black child to integrate an all-white school in the south. as a six-year-old, she showe… 
with krewes such as   and  in existence, it is hard to believe that women were once exclude… 
happy #internationalwomensday! who are the women in your life that inspire you? 
this #womenshistorymonth , i will be highlighting great women across louisiana who have made la a better place to w… 
as #bhm comes to a close, it is important that we continue to reflect on the contributions made by african-american… 
 : there’s  thing here that  &amp; the cbc agree on: ag sessions is disgraceful.    at #doj, he’s:    ☑️undermin…
in , the four students of the first graduating class of mckinley high school in baton rouge became the first af… 
it's a sad day in new orleans as we say goodbye to . i would like to wish sally-ann all the best in her… 
after being denied acceptance into lsu law school because of his race, charles hatfield filed a lawsuit against the… 
see my full floor remarks here:   #endgunviolence #neveragain
dr. martin luther king jr. said “there comes a time when silence becomes betrayal”, and i will not stay silent rega… 
in , african americans living in baton rouge came together in an eight-day boycott to protest segregated seatin… 
jazz musician edgar “dooky” chase turned his parents small sandwich shop into a world-renowned restaurant and gathe… 
a.p. tureaud, along with thurgood marshall and the , filed and won the lawsuits that ended jim crow segre… 
before becoming the first african-american woman to serve in the louisiana house of representatives, dorothy mae ta… 
did you know that ernest "dutch" morial was not only the st black mayor of new orleans but also the st black grad… 
did you know that venerable henriette delille could be the st american-born black citizen and louisianian to becom… 
louisiana has such a rich history &amp; culture and i want to ensure that our african-american leaders are highlighted… 
 : pioneering pharmacist horace bynum sr. was also a developer  
there should be economic equity and equality for everyone in this country, not just those in certain zip codes. 
#blackhistorymonth 
praying for my republican colleagues and all passengers involved in today’s train crash. such a tragic incident.
make sure you follow me on  to see what my  colleagues and i have to say about tonight’s #sotu 
 : the state of the union: trump and race:  hosts a special conversation tonight with congressional black caucus memb…
 : the bill passed by  last night is further proof of their inability to govern. it’s time for them to work with democ…
there are too many pregnant women and children who rely on chip for affordable health care. we need a clean, bipart… 
community health centers are vital to  million americans. it’s time for us to reauthorize funding for community h… 
congress cannot continue to drag their feet when it comes to passing a budget. 
  make sure you follow me on  for a bts look at today’s interview. 
i’ll be going live with  #amdm at am et! i’m looking forward to sharing what the  is wo… 
make sure you never miss an update from me! subscribe to my  channel to see my floor remarks and interviews… 
congressman cedric richmond's (d-la) interview with cnn's wolf blitzer:  via 
congressman cedric richmond (d-la) gives floor remarks to commemorate dr. martin luther king jr.:  via 
rep. cedric richmond (d-la) speaks with andrew cuomo re: president trump's immigration comments:  via 
 : .: "while it’s impossible to fill dr. king’s shoes, the cbc continues to honor his legacy." #mlkday https://t.…
 : .: “imposing work requirements on #medicaid recipients is counterproductive and most likely illegal." full sta…
it’s time for congress to fully fund #chip. the children of louisiana and across the country cannot afford to lose… 
 : republicans let funding for the children's health insurance program expire  days ago.   democrats stand ready to fun…
if you are a homeowner that was affected by the  floods and need help with your  applications, th… 
 : #merrychristmas to all those celebrating! have a happy and peaceful day. 
these are just a few of the reasons i will be voting no on the #goptaxbill
the top % in louisiana will receive % of the tax breaks in the #goptaxbill
 million middle-class  households will see a tax increase because of the #goptaxbill
the #goptaxbill wasn't created for hard-working americans, it was created to give the richest % more tax breaks..
#la, today is your last day to #getcovered. head over to  to learn more! 
chip expired on september , , and congress still has not passed a clean reauthorization. too many children ac… 
this year's open enrollment period ends on december th. head over to  to #getcovered. 
on december , , rosa parks took a bold, yet silent stance against racial injustice by not giving up her seat o… 
yesterday, i took to the house floor to congratulate new orleans mayor-elect . as new orleans approac… 
congrats to new orleans’ own  for scoring  #grammynominations for his th studio album #gumbo.
here’s what the gop wants to do instead: 
here's a list of things the congress should be doing this week but isn't: ❌funding #chip which expired two months a… 
extending warm thanksgiving wishes to you and your family.  in the midst of all the noise, i hope you are able to e… 
congressman cedric (la-) gives floor remarks re: h.r. , the st century flood reform act:  via 
 : . to #agsessions: how do we reconcile the federal government's disparate treatment of #opioid and #crack addic…
it's clear that ag #jeffsessions still doesn't understand the importance of diversity and inclusion within the… 
rep. richmond votes against national flood insurance program reauthorization:  
 : #otd in , ruby bridges became the first african american to integrate an all-white elementary school in the south, at willi…
. to the brave men and women who selflessly served in defense of our great nation, we are eternally grateful. #veteransday
  thank you again  and  for joining me in this important discus… 
 :   also, louisiana relies heavily on federal funding, which makes up more than % of the state b…
 :   it will tax homeownership more than any other part of the economy. those families, like milita…
  lastly, why does your organization find this plan to be an overall bad idea for louisia… 
 :   very few small business owners pay the top tax rate. % of them already pay tax rates at or b…
  q: how will the #goptaxplan affect small businesses in louisiana? #asktheexperts
  we are gearing up for our final two questions. #asktheexperts
 :    and once plan is fully paid for, everyday people in louisiana and across the co…
 :   they have fewer incentives to buy, and many who do will pay more than renters in many cases. …
  q: what will this bill mean for middle-class louisianans who want to become homeowners… 
 :   this is an easy one. the richest % of earners will see a windfall. and their benefits will gr…
q: who will benefit the most from the #goptaxplan?    #asktheexperts
 :  the combination of changes will slow the housing market as fewer people are incentivized to buy/move. famil…
 :  it nullifies tax incentives for most homeowners. by doubling the standard deduction, only % of taxpayers w…
 :    again, taking into account all tax changes, in ,  out of every  middl…
q: this one is for homeowners in la.  how does this plan threaten tax incentives for homeowners?  wh… 
  q: how will the #goptaxplan affect the standard deduction and ability to claim perso… 
 :    everyday americans will pay the price for this tax plan. while  in  middle…
 : current &amp; future homeowners &amp; middle class taxpayers will be hit the hardest with the proposed changes #asktheexperts ht…
   q: who will be most negatively affected by the #goptaxplan? how will… 
this is another bill republicans have tried get through congress without any professional insight. today, i am join… 
starting in a few minutes! 
do you want to know how the #goptaxplan will affect you and your family? join me at pm cst/pm est to… 
since house republicans didn’t consult anyone about their bill,  i will.  join me today as i  #asktheexperts about… 
now that we know what's in the #goptaxplan, what cuts/eliminations concern you the most about the bill?
overall, the #goptaxplan is heartless.  raising taxes for middle-class families, taking away vital tax deductions,… 
 with college tuition increasing every year, the federal government must do more to help students that are drowning in student debt.
the nd major tax deduction the #goptaxplan will cut is the student loan deduction. in ,  reported that … 
it's a shame that the #goptaxplan eliminates the medical expense deduction. this allows deductions for preventive c… 
the #goptaxplan will put an unfair burden on working families to give tax breaks to the wealthy. low and middle-inc… 
despite the gop’s lack of outreach, the affordable care act is still thriving. don’t forget you have until dec. … 
read my statement here: 
"instead of doing what is right, republicans would rather play politics with a federal program that millions of children rely on."
"healthcare is not a zero-sum game. you don’t have to take healthcare away from some in order to give it to others."
"today, house gop presented a children’s healthcare reaauth at the expense of medicare &amp; public health fund"
don't miss out on your chance to #getcovered. aca's open enrollment period is now open. head over to… 
#openenrollment begins tomorrow. don't miss out on your opportunity to #getcovered. head over to… 
 : mahalia jackson, born #otd in , was for many the soundtrack of the civil rights movement. #hiddenherstory …
i know how important #healthcare is for the constituents of #la and i want to make sure you #getcovered starting… 
 : we must defeat the morally bankrupt #gopbudget that puts #billionairesfirst at the expense of hardworking families. htt…
this #billionairesfirst tax plan will do nothing to help middle &amp; low-income families in louisiana. this is why i will continue  speak out.
the earned income tax credit (eitc) has helped , louisianans, including , children. it helps families afford day-to-day expenses
while the wealthiest households in la will enjoy this tax break, low-income families will see the eitc under attack. #gopbudget
in , ,, dependent exemptions were claimed in louisiana. proving la families are in need of personal exemptions.
the #gopbudget will raise taxes for , la families &amp; eliminate personal exemptions which deduct $, for each taxpayer &amp; dependent.
we are still gearing up  vote on the #gopbudget this week &amp; the gop tax plan won't be good  la families. gop is putting #billionairesfirst
did you get yesterday's #triviatuesday question correct? #nola 
words cannot express the sadness new orleans is feeling today. we have lost a true musical legend. #fatsdomino 
your st #triviatuesday question: which new orleans neighborhood is known as the oldest african-american neighborhood in the us? #nola
to commemorate new orleans’ th birthday in , i will tweet a #nola trivia question every tuesday until the… 
if the #gopbudget is passed, louisiana residents will begin to see the adverse effects of poor #medicaid &amp; #medicare funding....
 in la, , citizens benefit from #medicare &amp; medicare advantage.  if you agree that the… 
 that number includes , in nola, , in baton rouge, , in jefferson, and , in the river parishes.
 according to the , , louisiana residents have gained affordable health care bec… 
 the #gopbudget threatens #medicaidexpansion and the funding of #medicare which many louisianans benefit from....
 report that the #gopbudget will cut $. trillion from #medicaid &amp; $ billion from #medicare....
 : make sure you #getcovered. open enrollment in health insurance marketplace starts november .  …
the #gopbudget will slash funds for education, medicaid, infrastructure, &amp; raise taxes  working families. i cannot stay silent about this.
every day until we vote, i will highlight aspects of the #gopbudget that will be harmful to #louisiana families.
this week the house is set to vote on the #gopbudget. what concerns you the most about this budget? #la
 : the house votes this week on the #gopbudget which would make deep cuts to medicare &amp; medicaid to give a tax break to mi…
as a survivor of hurricanes katrina &amp; rita, i will continue to urge congress to support the #virginislands in their… 
 : am intermediate update from  has upgraded td to tropical storm #nate. 
 : our mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, communities, and law enforcement deserve better than nra talking points. america…
 : cbc chairman 's statement on ,  and the . #imwithkap #rootoutracism https://t.…
 : we will #neverforget #september. 🇺🇸  “injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere”. alabama stands with pittsburgh: birmingham, mobile ceremoni… 
we are a country founded by immigrants, and it is the union of our different backgrounds and cultures that is at th… 
the th amendment guarantees citizenship to all people born in the united states. it is a constitutional right not… 
i’ve never been more grateful an executive order can’t override the constitution…in case you missed this part of yo… 
in my district, and across the country, democrats are laser-focused on the issues that matter most to working famil… 
 :  has made it her top priority. i know she’s just waiting for a few more good allies and co-sponsors! #betvot…
i am horrified and saddened by the attack on a pittsburgh synagogue today. my prayers are with victims and their fa… 
at classic pink affair with  honoring the amazing career and retirement of birmingham’s own walter b… 
let's call it what it is - sending pipe bombs to political leaders is not "bomb stuff", it is a potential act of te… 
violence and encouraging violence is never ok. not against republicans, not against dems, not against journalists,… 
alabama - today is the voter registration deadline for this year's election. it's not too late - register as a vote… 
we’re looking for incredible students from al’s th congressional district to take part in our military service aca… 
special thanks to  for hosting us and to the  and  presenters for the great information… 
i’m excited to be  today for our workshop on securing broadband grants. reliable, high-speed intern… 
it doesn’t matter if you’re republican, democrat, or independent — if congress doesn’t restore #netneutrality, you’… 
republicans like to say their tax cuts for the wealthy pay for themselves. the facts show that just isn't true. des… 
meet mikayla james, a student from choctaw county! she’s a beautiful young woman with an amazing spirit! thanks for… 
great town hall in butler at choctaw general hospital! special thanks to mikayla james, senior at ⁦⁩ , fo… 
great to have the senior government class at demopolis high school attend the marengo county town hall meeting toda… 
don’t miss the chance to hear what’s happening in d.c. during our town hall tour! we have  town halls happening to… 
the right to vote should never be taken for granted, foot soldiers across the country fought and died to secure thi… 
the right to vote should never be taken for granted, foot soldiers across the country fought and died to secure thi… 
the new  will bring more than  jobs to the city of eutaw and create a pathway forward for new eco… 
when we uplift the least of these, we uplift everyone! providing economic opportunities is a vital part of growth a… 
i want to give greene county high school a big shout out for bringing a joyful noise to today’s festivities. what a… 
i’m thrilled to join eutaw’s mayor, raymond steele and usda’s chris beeker for the groundbreaking for the new love’… 
trump's reckless trade wars have alienated our allies and are a danger to our economy. we need to start working wit… 
join me next week as i continue my annual congress in your community town hall tour! we'll be making five stops in… 
this needs to stop. voters are supposed to choose their lawmakers, not the other way around. #restorethevote… 
i'm heartbroken by the sudden death of montgomery businessman, greg calhoun. for years mr. calhoun was a staple in… 
empowering young women is one of the first steps towards building a better future. we must teach girls to speak up,… 
 : contrary to 's ridiculous belief, centrist democrats are very much alive.  strong, #newdems make up /…
today’s cola announcement of .% is good news! but we need to do more to expand and strengthen social security for… 
join us on october th for our grants workshop focused on securing broadband grants. we'll discuss the community c… 
 alabama department of transportation has not reversed any traffic lanes at this point.
stay safe alabama! for #hurricanemichael updates text “alale” to  to receive information for automatic info… 
two weeks left to register to vote, alabama! there's too much at stake to sit this one out. 
this weekend my office honored dr. alfred seawright and medical place inc. for their  years in business serving t… 
i will be eternally grateful to every teacher who helped shape me into who i am today! let's all take a moment to b… 
a big congrats to mercedes on breaking ground on their new facility in bibb county today! here in congress, i have… 
never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed #troublemakers can change the world. it's the only thing that ever has. #goodtrouble
it's time to put away the conspiracy theories and face the truth : women are protesting because the… 
the lack of democratic representation in u.s. territories violates america’s most basic values. let's fix that. it'… 
 : “i don’t think that we can trust our president when it comes to protecting voting rights.” –  (d-al-)  wa…
when we appoint a supreme court justice for life, their honesty, their temperament, and their credibility should no… 
the ways and means committee has the power to order the treasury to release individual tax returns. that includes r… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
any new free trade agreement must open markets for alabama farmers and auto manufacturers, have strong labor and en… 
republicans are trying to push another tax cut for the wealthy through congress, doubling down on the same trickle… 
this is a small step forward – we need to get all the facts. we will not give up this fight! 
 : i have called for: —complete disclosure of all documents —subpoena mark judge —postpone the vote dr. ford was credible &amp; cou…
the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicai… 
thank you dr. ford for bravely sharing your truth. in today's #kavanaughhearings you shared what its like to be a s… 
kavanaugh says the senate judiciary committee is "doing the investigation". this is not an investigation. this is a… 
republicans keep mentioning evidence and corroboration. if they want evidence and corroboration, a good start would… 
“when a single american is turned away from a polling place, that erodes the power of every vote cast,” -
“so many foot soldiers paid a dear price so that all americans would have the right to have their vote counted,” -… 
“the right to vote is the bedrock of american democracy” says  - we must defend it #restorethevote 
we’re here today to hear directly from the us commission on civil rights about their new report on voting rights -… 
sen.  has it right- character matters. we see that every day when the president separates kids from the… 
kavanaugh is not entitled to a spot on the supreme court. i'm calling on the senate to delay his nomination until t… 
 : imagine if the senate was % women - imagine how different the #kavanaugh investigation would be. that day will come.…
 : tomorrow, join me, , and others as we hear from  on the state of voting rights in america. their…
boys will be boys is not going to cut it anymore. not for #scotus, not on our college campuses, and not in congress… 
we have to take our democracy back. go register, go #vote, go make your voice heard! this nov.  is your chance to… 
hillary shelton with ⁦⁦⁩ said it right “we should be working to make it easier to vote - not throwing up barr… 
“it is the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have in a democratic society” says my friend… 
standing with voting rights champions on #nationalvoterregistrationday in support of national voting rights month.… 
your vote is your voice!! today is #nationalvoterregistrationday - whether you are a democrat or republican, add yo… 
tomorrow is #nationalvoterregistrationday  and september is national voter registration month. now is the perfect t… 
it's time for republicans to stop stalling and start defending the rule of law - we need to pass legislation now to… 
establishing a standard of care for #pregnantwomenincustody is a matter of human rights. proud to introduce legisla… 
imagine if the senate was % women - imagine how different the #kavanaugh investigation would be. that day will co… 
in honor of national elephant appreciation day, here's to my favorite elephant "big al," beloved mascot for the cri… 
 say it again for the people 👏🏾 in👏🏾 the👏🏾 back👏🏾 
the #whyididntreport stories break my heart. i applaud every person brave enough to share their story. assaults oft… 
happy hbcu week! i'm proud to represent seven fine institutions that are built on rich legacies and that continue t… 
don't miss our civil rights historical preservation webinar happening today at  pm! we will discuss the national p… 
today marks one year since puerto rico and the virgin islands were hit by devastating #hurricanemaria - but pr and… 
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
on sept , members of congress are going hear directly from  on the state of voting rights in america. th… 
our playbook: ) demand a nominee who stands up for working families over corporations. ) find out if nominee supp… 
if we want to live up to our country’s core values of equality and opportunity, then we have to fight discriminatio… 
#hbcuweek kicks off today! these historic institutions are where so many families first went to college and where t… 
 : today is the th anniversary of the bombing of th st. baptist church and the deaths of  little girls. we honor the…
rep. sewell recognizes th rememberance of th st baptist church bombing:  via 
#flashbackfriday moment from my time as a cheerleader  my expriences in college prepared me for every job… 
hanging with cbc chairman cedric richmond on his birthday!! happy bday ced!!! ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ #cbcfalc 
social security is a promise to our nation’s workforce that no one gets left behind. we are fighting to expand and… 
at the  olympics, jesse owens won four gold medals, but it was the message owens’ victories sent by winning in… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
usccr's full report on voting rights and voter suppression is available here: . take a momen… 
generations of americans sacrificed so we could have a voice in our democracy. now it's up to us to use those right… 
today,  came out with a new report on the state of voting rights - the findings are alarming. voting is a… 
today we honor the memory of those we lost and the courage of the brave men and women who sacrificed to save others… 
fact check: under trump, the outlook for medicare has deteriorated. medicare is on course to be depleted in , … 
 : we dared to defy.  we knew change was possible then – and today, we champion those who confront inequality, who demand…
congratulations to judge terry f. moorer, who was sworn in as the u.s. district judge for the southern district of… 
i’m standing with  to #stopkanavaugh. voting rights, access to healthcare, and equal justice are at sta… 
“you’re never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.” -dr. seuss #readabookday 
#kavanaugh's appointment to #scotus would further threaten our access to health care, our right to vote, affirmativ… 
i strongly urge the senate to oppose judge #kavanaugh’s nomination to the supreme court. judge kavanaugh’s extreme… 
republicans roadblocked obama's supreme court nominee leaving scotus shorthanded for over a year. now, the gop is r… 
we have to fight for a more secure democracy. that's why i've introduced the only bill in congress which would impr… 
ruth rocks! what a great jurist! inspiring not because she was a woman but because she is brilliant! that is what e… 
over $ billion in alabama products are sold to canada every year. throwing our country into a trade war with our a… 
dr. ross and i share a common bond - both our lives would not have been possible without asu, it’s where both our p… 
 years after nine freed slaves founded alabama state university, we are here to inaugurate the th president of… 
happy birthday to the king of pop! #michaeljackson revolutionized music videos and created the soundtrack for a gen… 
 years ago today martin luther king jr delivered his iconic #ihaveadream speech. dr. king's dream still endures t… 
voters should decide who their lawmakers are, not the other way around. whether you live in north carolina or any o… 
tonight my prayers are with john mccain‘s family. as a navy pilot and as a lawmaker, sen. mccain served with honor… 
ed king helped create one of the most iconic songs of all time, alabama football wouldn't be the same without it!… 
 : randall ,  tour north birmingham superfund site  #alpolitics https:/…
we’re looking at sites today where epa cleanup is ongoing in north birmingham. a big thank you to  region  sup… 
no neighborhood should ever be left with toxic soil - that’s an environmental injustice that hurts our families and… 
we’re here today in north birmingham to discuss the th ave superfund site  where we are fighting for a fast and c… 
it's been more than  months since our intel community released a report detailing russia's attack on our election… 
  this is an issue of race, benjamin. there are no white counties where officials are trying… 
no one in this country is above the law. not trump's friends, not trump's lawyer, not  himself. no one.
we knew this would happen. over a year ago, our intel committee heard from officials who warned that without any ac… 
each year, i host the congressional app challenge for alabama's th congressional district - a chance for students… 
she raised her voice when women weren’t heard, she demanded #respect when women got none. she was a powerful black… 
it was lovely meeting annie avery, ms. alabama nursing home . this civil rights activist, historic preservation… 
great visit with the alabama durable medical equipment association (adema)! special thanks to the providers that of… 
congrats to all the legislathers out there who broke glass ceilings in yesterday’s elections!! trailblazers like yo… 
tonight i had the pleasure of throwing out the first pitch with this courageous little girl, chloe! we had a blast… 
many thanks to the partnership for chronic diseases for recognizing me as the  champion for healthy seniors. i… 
great to donate books from the  to boys and girls club of central alabama! shout out to the amazing… 
thank you to the peaceful anti-hate protesters speaking out against white supremacy today. as a nation, our message… 
     thanks for asking  - our bill would fu… 
    pat, i promise this bill is a step forward. while the house hasn't posted… 
our democracy is our nation’s greatest asset - it's our job to protect its integrity. proud to work with bipartisan… 
i need your help! if you want to talk about the record breaking number of women running for office at next year's… 
it's time to rethink the national minimum wage. it's too low, but congress has trouble raising it when different ar… 
tonight i’m joining  and councilman parker to hear from residents of  district  about… 
great to see my #thproject interns today! special thanks to all!! #ittakesavillage 
as we recognize the legacy of the #vra and the disastrous impact of shelby county v. holder, let's recommit to acti… 
today’s anniversary is a reminder that foot soldiers across the country fought, bled, and died for our right to vot… 
so excited to take part in today’s #growwithgoogle event at the birmingham public library central branch!! 
tomorrow, we welcome  to birmingham! great free workshop for small business and entrepreneurs on how… 
honored to participate in back to school event at more than conquerors church in birmingham!! it take a whole commu… 
meet today’s amazing volunteers. from across alabama, they gave their time to help put on our annual job fair, conn… 
what a success - over , job seekers turned out for today's job fair. they were dressed for success and many wer… 
tune into waka now to hear all about our th annual congressional job fair! it’s happening now at alabama state uni… 
today’s the day!! our job fair starts at am - remember to bring plenty of resumes and dress for success! we have… 
please note: bags at the job fair tomorrow will be subject to search for safety reasons. remember to bring your res… 
looking for a better job? meet with over  hiring employers at my job fair tomorrow. am to pm at asu’s acadome… 
trump’s failure to respond to russia’s attack on our democracy gave the green light to foreign actors to interfere… 
here are tips  and  for the job fair happening on aug nd  in montgomery from  am -  pm, pre-reg… 
our fight against poverty has to be a top priority. in rural america, so many working families are struggling to af… 
today i’m bringing together health experts and local, state and federal officials for a tour of lowndes county’s wa… 
we love you john!!! sending you all of our love and prayers for a speedy recovery!! 
great way to end our tour of puerto rico and the virgin islands - by thanking the army pilots who flew us so we cou… 
one year after hurricane maria, hud has not rebuilt this public housing at tutu high-rise in st. thomas. fema says… 
the caneel bay resort - one of vi’s signature hotels, still in ruins, nearly a year after the hurricanes. 
we’ve seen so much damage in pr and vi, and here’s the sad truth- the strength of last year’s hurricanes was a resu… 
this morning we visited a rural health clinic that went out of operation when hurricane maria hit- a year later, it… 
get your facts straight  - quarterly gdp growth broke % under obama frequently, even broke % once.… 
i want to say congratulations to patrick smith, the  new chief of police! he and deputy chiefs, michae… 
flashback! just saw jason nelson, “mr. fema”, who lived in alabama for months in the aftermath of our  tor… 
every blue tarp you see here is another home without a roof. one year after hurricane maria, so many families in pu… 
here with pr congresswoman ⁦⁩ and dem leader ⁦⁦⁩. our delegation trip is about learning an… 
about to take off in a black hawk for an arial view of the impact of hurricane maria on puerto rico - with ⁦… 
tip  for our upcoming job fair, dress for success! when meeting with potential employers it's important to dress p… 
more than  aid workers from  federal agencies are here at  in puerto rico. what a dedicated team!! 🇵🇷 
speaking at  in puerto rico to thank the hard working men and women on the ground providing relief. recovery a… 
 months after i was sworn in, our district was hit by the worst tornadoes ever seen causing deaths and destruction… 
up early in puerto rico! meeting with local community leaders and labor leaders for a roundtable discussion on the… 
meeting with puerto rico’s governor  tonight - we have a responsibility to help our fellow american… 
in pr with delegation of members meeting with governor ricardo rosselló discussing disaster assistance and pr recov… 
what an awesome step by , a focus on stem is vitally important for young women. as career fields change… 
be sure to join us august nd  dunn-oliver acadome from  am to  pm. bring plenty of updated resume… 
tonight, i’m traveling with a congressional delegation to puerto rico and the us virgin islands. a year after the h… 
. america isn't far right or far left. voters want new ideas for pro-growth policies that create the o… 
special thanks to my dc interns! #nationalinternday 
next week's job fair is going to be big! over  employers from across the state of alabama are coming to hire. re… 
what kind of president would pay to silence women and then lie about it? 
#bumpday is a celebration of mothers &amp; pregnancy. but , american moms will face near fatal complications from… 
today marks  years since the last time the federal minimum wage was raised and people are struggling to afford the… 
this past week i went to the border us-mexico border to see firsthand the impact of trump's immigration policy. her… 
the amazing women of the ! such an honor to work with these #sheroes every day. 
 great! here's our release on the job fair:  - right now we have + employers goin… 
 you might have heard my annual job fair is coming up on thursday, aug. , and this year it's going to be h… 
there's nothing illegal about the fbi conducting surveillance on a serious national security threat. if want you wa… 
 : at #ice's #portisabel detention center, we watched the emotional reunions of families who had been torn apart by our g…
what we just saw was nothing short of a humanitarian crisis in our own backyard - make no mistake, parents are stil… 
about to enter the ursula border processing center - the largest migrant processing center in the country. no phone… 
at the border, visiting with separated families and hearing their stories of inhumane treatment by us border contro… 
this week, i'm visiting the texas border with seven other representatives to observe detention centers and court pr… 
congratulations to the pioneering men and women at #uab. i can think of no better team to support the… 
 : "your efforts to downplay the findings in the un report with statistics demonstrating poor conditions in burundi and democ…
a record number of women are running for office in :  via 
a big thank you to the faculty and staff throughout the alabama career center system who partnered with us for toda… 
make sure you register for the upcoming job fair happening on august nd at the dunn-oliver acadome in montgomery.… 
our project r.e.a.d.y career assistance training kicks off in just a few minutes! we’re at the career centers in mo… 
standing with alabama auto workers today against trump’s proposed % tariffs on automobiles which would raise cost… 
teaming up with republican ⁦⁩ in our fight against trump’s auto tariffs. more tariffs mean fewer jobs -… 
 chris - trying to call in right now to the radio show, but the number i have is going straight to… 
across the political spectrum, lawmakers joined our letter calling on  and trump to stop seeking tari…  casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
 : "it's an unbelievable image that we're looking at. these are peaceful protesters, walking along, grieving about the tragic death…
citizenship is a constitutionally protected right granted to anyone born in the united states and cannot be changed… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
today is the last day to request your absentee ballot! voting by mail is the best way to ensure that your voice and… 
are you voting or mailing your absentee ballot today? if so, take a photo and share! 
we haven't forgotten!! #bringbackourgirls 
i should be shocked by this assertion, aka #alternativefact. sadly, i'm not. : what happened in pitt… 
i am saddened and angered by the tragic loss of yet another young life. #enoughisenough!  …
say it loud: i voted and i'm proud! 
heads up! open enrollment in health insurance marketplace starts november .  make sure you #getcovered on  for .
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
this is why we must keep hope alive. #bbog!  
 no time to waste. vote early florida.  vote gillum and up and down the democratic ballot ! bring it h… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
in the wake of this morning’s assault on the tree of life synagogue, i stand in solidarity with the jewish communit… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
welcome to the family! i am confident that you will do us--and yourselves--very proud! 
vote! take a photo of you mailing your ballot or at the polls with your "i voted" sticker and share it with me. 
kudos to the fbi and other law enforcement for working so hard to find a suspect swiftly! 
smh 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
we must act to end boko haram's reign of terror and #bringbackourgirls! #joinrepwilson 
. students and i had an empowering discussion earlier today about the importance of making sure we are co… 
today i met with  students to talk about the power of the vote and urged them to head to the polls on nov… 
every day i’m fighting to crack down on the pharmaceutical companies that excessively raise prices on american cons… 
life-saving prescription drugs shouldn’t cost an arm or a leg.  americans deserve #abetterdeal to lower the costs o… 
. will bring down drug prices by allowing medicare negotiation, creating a ‘drug price gouging’ enforcer… 
americans have been calling for congress to act on slowing the rise of prescription drug prices – yet the .… 
voting is the only way to ensure that we have a government that has your best interests at heart and supports every… 
we cannot allow boko haram to commit acts of sexual violence and murder with impunity. my colleagues and i refuse t… 
 : this is voter intimidation. 
 : .'s words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. time &amp; time again, h…
yeah, because the gop totally will not fight #forthepeople to ensure that everyone has access to affordable, qualit… 
 : mr. president, you have stated that you would unify our country. please take this moment to keep that promise. the america…
i implore the world to stop turning a blind eye to #bokoharam's reign of terror. the terrorist group's victims are… 
people like my colleague  have been beaten, arrested, and in the worst cases given their lives so that… 
absolutely!  if you agree. 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
let's make history this year, florida, by turning out in record numbers! 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
 : 👇🏽👇🏽👇🏽 i am warning you all. this may be the last free and fair election in america. it all hinges on -s &amp; turning ou…
 : i’m the first of my siblings to graduate from high school and college, and when i say that teachers should be paid what t…
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
as a global community, we must join forces to #bringbackourgirls. enough is enough! #joinrepwilson 

casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
until their freedom is secured, i intend to do all i can to #bringbackourgirls. #joinrepwilson 
 #chibokgirls remain captive. we cannot lose faith and we cannot stop fighting for their return!… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
we must not forget about the #chibokgirls who remain missing over  years after their initial abduction. this issue… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
the abduction of the #chibokgirls is not only a nigerian issue. we are a global community and i will continue to ad… 
  north miami sr high was a glorious host for the boys and mentors. a wonderful night indeed!!
that tweet is disgraceful. shame on him! 
as protests erupt across haiti over corruption concerns, i pray that everyone stays safe. while i do not condone vi… 
a new non-partisan report shows that  has denied &gt;% of public service loan forgiveness applications. that… 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted.  use these links,  and share the… 
thousands of teachers, first responders, and other public servants have worked in our communities for more than a d… 
democrats will fight to increase access to health care #forthepeople. 
as our country continues to debate how to best secure a safe educational environment, let us not forget the chibok… 
 and pass the word! there's a lot at stake in the midterm elections! 
my heart still breaks for the  chibok schoolgirls who remain missing as a result of boko haram’s reign of terror… 
 : it’s only okay to call a horse a horseface. 
make sure your voice is heard and counted! 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
fellow floridians: save these dates! 
casting your ballot by mail is the best way to ensure that your vote is counted. use these links,  and share them… 
i am horrified by the news that #bokoharam has killed another red cross volunteer. the world must not stand by whil… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
welcome to the family! 
for , days the #chibokgirls have been held captive by boko haram. we demand that the  girls still captive be… 
today marks the one-year anniversary of the #metoo movement going viral. thank you to all of the women, like… 
i am praying for the icrc workers being held by #bokoharam and urge the nigerian government to do everything it can… 
we have not lost faith! the fight to #bringbackourgirls continues! #joinrepwilson to end the #chibokgirls captivity… 
  love all of you
  you guys are too sharp and too special
 #chibokgirls remain captive. i will continue to lead the fight to #bringbackourgirls until they are returned ho… 
i will not stand down and will continue the fight #bringbackourgirls. #joinrepwilson 
the florida panhandle was hit by the hardest storm on record to make landfall in the region. there’s a long recover… 
we must not abandon hope for the #chibokgirls, even after  days! #bringbackourgirls 
i have signed onto a letter to hhs  condemning the trump administration’s transfer of more than , child… 
as we work to help our state rebuild from #hurricanemichael, the florida congressional delegation is urging… 
i am extremely pleased that  is expanding its operations in florida by launching cargo flights out of… 
as we celebrate the spirit, resiliency, and strength of girls on  #internationalgirlsday, i pray that the… 
i intend to continue this fight until the freedom of all of the #chibokgirls is secured! #bringbackourgirls #day 
excited to welcome taranique and her mother to miami, where she’ll finally receive the care she deserves. taranique… 
my colleagues and i are deeply saddened by boko haram's brutal abduction of the #chibokgirls. join me in the fight… 
we haven't forgotten and we haven't given up! #bringbackourgirls #joinrepwilson 
little girl "shocked &amp; starts to cry" after she gets... | america's got ...shelby rochelle  
we're keeping hope alive! thankful for these colleagues and others who have joined me in the fight to… 
florida friends, just  days left to register! there's simply too much at stake to sit this out. #getoutthevote 
icymi:  
icymi: 
the continued abduction of the  #chibokgirls at the hands of boko haram is a disgrace. join me in the fight to… 
i am extremely disappointed in the senate vote to confirm #kavanaugh. sexual assault allegations were not the only… 
i was sad to learn that #haiti has experienced another natural disaster; grateful that the number of casualties is… 
’s remarks only further proves that florida finally has a leader we’ve been waiting for after  years… 
i am looking forward to hearing  lay out his bold vision for florida. #bringithome
      … 
for more than four years the #chibokgirls have been held captive by boko haram. we should do all we can to… 
i celebrate the ruling blocking the trump administration’s attempt to end tps for hundreds of thousands of hardwork… 
sadly, there are still many unanswered questions about the circumstances surrounding the death of sgt. la david joh… 
deporting hardworking immigrants who positively impact our nation’s culture and economy is cruel and unnecessary. t… 
i spoke in miami yesterday on the one-year anniversary of the ambush that led to sgt. la david johnson’s death.  a… 
this week marks one year since the niger ambush that resulted in the death of four u.s. service members, including… 
a lifetime appointment to the supreme court is at stake. kavanaugh’s confirmation would endanger hard-won rights an… 
district , please join me in honoring the memory of sgt. la david johnson, who lost his life in the line of duty… 
we demand that the  #chibokgirls held captive by boko haram be returned to their families! #bringbackourgirls… 
we have not lost faith! the fight to #bringbackourgirls continues! 
we all owe a great debt to the brave men and women who pay the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.  i want to comme… 
on the somber one-year anniversary of sgt. la david johnson’s death, my thoughts are with his gold star family. la… 
good news: the trump administration's efforts to end temporary protected status for , immigrants legally livi… 
wishing you a very happy birthday, ! thank you for helping to lead the fight against racism and social and… 
we will continue to fight to #bringbackourgirls until all of the  #chibokgirls held captive by boko haram are re… 
 in  women and  in  men have been victims of intimate partner violence. no one should feel unsafe in their own… 
 : listen to this brilliant young brother from the  at  lay out his plans to become a doctor. ht…
hey there. floridians: this is good news! if you haven't yet registered to vote in the november general election, h… 
dudes: seriously? 
october is #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth. for far too long we have normalized violence against women by ignoring… 
#migrantchildren are being moved to unregulated tent cities in the dead of night where they receive no education an… 
as founder and chair of the full employment caucus, i’m pleased to see the #fightfor paying off. amazon's decisio… 
i applaud amazon’s decision to raise its minimum wage to $/hr and hope that other major corporations follow suit.… 
my colleagues and i stand shoulder to shoulder in the fight to #bringbackourgirls. #joinrepwilson 
today marks the one-year anniversary of the mass shooting in las vegas. if we truly want to honor the victims and t… 
 : brett kavanaugh himself recklessly turned last week's questions about drinking into this week's questions about perjury.
my colleagues and i are disturbed by boko haram's reign of terror and refuse to give up hope for the … 
thank you  for joining me in calling attention to boko haram's abduction of the #chibokgirls, which has… 
as if the first version of the #goptaxscam wasn’t bad enough (remember: it raised the debt by $ trillion), now the… 
the american bar association also agrees an investigation should be conducted before  vote on #kavanaugh.… 
it is disgraceful the way  is pushing a vote on the #kavanaughconfirmation without first investigating th… 
these three remarkable individuals are poised to make history soon! ,  and , i… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
it is always such a pleasure to honor constituents. thank you, eric accime and william hawthorne for all that you d… 
it was wonderful to meet with these executives to learn what they are doing to help diversify the corporate workfor… 
 : i know a good public education can interrupt intergenerational poverty. that’s why i'm going to invest more than $ billi…
 : i questioned judge kavanaugh, repeatedly, on whether he would ask for an impartial fbi investigation into the allegation…
the hypocrisy is real. 
today i met with archbishop dr. goddowell avwomakpa and other members of the faith community to discuss the impact… 
 : we believe dr. christine blasey ford.  we understand that today's hearing may be difficult for survivors. if you or som…
remember — during ’s #railsafetyweek &amp; every day — no photo is worth the risk. #stoptracktragedies… 
why are republicans so worried about an investigation of the allegations against kavanaugh? #whataretheyhiding? 
realities that the  won’t admit? their assault on health care is causing soaring costs for families in eve… 
fact: the gop’s assault on americans’ health care is already driving up premiums for families nationwide. 
the integrity of the supreme court is at stake. why are republicans rushing through the nomination of brett kavanaugh? #whataretheyhiding?

there’s still time for an  background investigation to be completed. why are republicans so worried about an in… 
we haven't forgotten the #chibokgirls! join me in the fight to #bringbackourgirls.    
       great job role… 
the #faa reauthorization act of  provides  years of stable and predictable funding for faa programs and u.s. a… 
thankful for these and so many other colleagues for their unwavering support of the fight to #bringbackourgirls!… 
today i met with john sylvain, a nat'l assn. of letter carriers  hero of the year and exemplary constituent. jo… 
the #faa reauthorization act establishes a dedicated aviation consumer advocate position at the department of trans… 
today, the house will vote on the bipartisan #faa reauthorization act, which provides faa w/ critical long-term fun… 
we cannot allow the use of the first amendment as political cover to undermine the civil rights of minority student… 
it just gets worse! 
today is wear something red wednesday! please show your support for the #chibokgirls and everyone who's been impact… 
hello!🤠 
today  is having a much-needed hearing on first amendment rights on campus. i believe in the right to f… 
school bus accidents may be rare, but they can be fatal. let’s not forget about the safety of our children during r… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 role model young men of valor looking victorious at g. holmes braddock senior high school. have a great school year !
icymi: 
on this #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to… 
this is every parent's nightmare. how many innocents have to be injured, or worse, killed, before common sense gun… 
elections have consequences. get registered and go #vote! #womenvote #nationalvoterregistrationday #ourrightsourvote 
#railsafetyweek tip via : always expect a train. here are some more #stoptracktragedies tips &amp; facts:… 
when we turn out, we win! #nationalvoterregistrationday 
historically, turnout is low during mid-term election years. let's reverse that trend and make history in !… 
when we vote, we win. #nationalvoterregistrationday   
 : office of procurement management vendor fair - september ,   
every election is important, but this year the stakes are higher than any mid-term in recent memory. please use, sh… 
it’s #railsafetyweek — let’s help #stoptracktragedies across florida! fact: trespassing on train tracks is the lead… 
it's national voter registration day! make sure your voices are heard, 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
law enforcement partners are conducting “operation clear track” at crossings in florida &amp; across the u.s. today!… 
•here’s a tip for #railsafetyweek — this sign could save your life at a crossing. #stoptracktragedies  
i remain committed to fight to bring back all of the #chibokgirls. #bringbackourgirls #joinrepwilson 
links inc. national officers (from left to right) vice president ethel issacs williams, president  kimberly jeffrie… 
  congratulations role model principal aristide. miami northwestern sr high school ,miami, florida
join me in observing #railsafetyweek sept. - to #stoptracktragedies because every  hours, a person or vehicle… 

making strides against gun violence with chief school safety &amp; compliance officer in miami dade county, chief ian m… 
proud to have joined  and  in introducing legislation to finally create a national standard… 
congress must pass the #pregnantwomenincustody act to make sure that what happened to nicole doesn’t happen to any… 
we have to draw a line in the sand and act to secure the return of the #chibokgirls. #bbog #joinrepwilson 
     a job well done. congratulations ♥️
 #chibokgirls remain captive. until their freedom is secured i intend to do all i can to #bringbackourgirls.… 
 : as a survivor, i know firsthand how hard it is to come forward. you feel ashamed, guilty, angry, and inadequate. you feel…
i applaud christine blasey ford for her courage. sometimes when you do the right thing, people try to take you down… 
i deeply sympathize with christine blasey ford, who has experienced what every woman fears most. as someone who kno… 
i am deeply saddened by the continued captivity of  #chibokgirls. we cannot lose faith and we cannot stop fighti… 
 miami beach sr high in the house
 : i applaud and thank each of you for being a part of the  family! 
presenting remarks to chef creole at the newest location at miami international airport ! 
 : nigeria mourns abducted icrc midwife saifura ahmed murdered by boko haram  
this is an indescribable tragedy and underscores why we cannot give up the fight to end #bokoharam's reign of terro… 
congratulations to the owner of chef creole for opening his newest location at miami international airport in termi… 
miami international airport terminal e (upstairs) - grand opening!   : students from our international politics and great political thinkers classes had the honour to interact with rep. …
making sure that all people – especially in a country of such abundance – have the ability to afford a place to liv… 
 : thank you  for coming to  and sharing your perspective on civic engagement. …
 : i had the honor of spending time with  and the staff of henderson house discussing ways to better serve domest…
 : this week at friday forum!  &amp;  will talk about what the  might do with a house majo…
thank you to everyone who joined the roundtable discussion about domestic violence for their work on this important… 
domestic violence is unacceptably common. almost / of oregon women report experiencing domestic violence, stalkin… 
i join a grieving nation in sending my deepest condolences to the family and friends of the victims, and gratitude… 
we are now learning that at least  people were killed in the horrific synagogue shooting this morning, and severa… 
the hateful rhetoric we are hearing on a daily basis must end, and congress must pass and implement policies to red… 
no one should face threats of violence, especially based on their religious beliefs, political preference, or any o… 
my heart goes out to everyone affected by today’s horrific shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. th… 
businesses in washington county and on the west side of portland are the economic engine of oregon’s economy. it wa… 
do you have any old prescription medications in your home? keep family and friends safe by turning them in tomorrow… 
 : a very special thank you to two inspiring and caring national leaders, ⁦⁩ + ⁦⁩ for supporting pathway…
 : successful business and industry in the portland metro area is no coincidence, it is the result of work done by organizati…
 : "as first-generation college students, you represent one of the hallmarks of the american dream; that the next generati…
#reprorightsarehumanrights and i won’t allow the trump administration to ignore the realities that women and girls… 
 : 🚶🏽‍♀️showing  where  is building an outdoor museum and interpretive elements along the tigard street…
oregon’s pathways to opportunity is an innovative initiative that helps students overcome barriers by pairing coach… 
 : 👏 thank you us   &amp;  for coming to  to speak with us about what you are doing #dc to m…
this #worldpolioday, we have reduced polio cases by .% globally, from , per year in  to just  cases… 
the columbia river estuary study taskforce will lead habitat restoration projects and smart infrastructure upgrades… 
i’m thrilled to see that my provision to restore more than  acres of salmon habitat on clatsop county’s walluski… 
salmon are an important part of our heritage in the pacific northwest, but old, unnecessary levees on our rivers an… 
congress must pass the pregnant workers fairness act to update and strengthen the -year-old federal pregnancy dis… 
employers should not discriminate against women because they are pregnant, and women shouldn’t be forced to choose… 
this hateful and harmful proposal is an attack on the dignity, livelihood, and safety of nearly  million people in… 
 : yet again, the trump administration is unraveling protections for people with pre-existing conditions, pushing america…
i'm optimistic that conversations like this will inspire more women and give them the confidence and support they n… 
thank you to pacific university and  for hosting the community conversation about women in politics. having mo… 
 : big news! pcc has identified land in scappoose  purchase &amp; build omic training center, the education arm of the new omic r…
i am proud to be part of the ahmadiyya muslim caucus working to preserve religious freedom for all. … 
i joined more than  of my colleagues in calling on sec. devos to release information and address the students’ claims.
many people working in the public sector count on the public service loan forgiveness program, but the department o… 
not only does acics have a troubling history of failing to protect students from predatory for-profit colleges, mul… 
today  and i led our colleagues in the house and senate to send the following message to sec. devos: prov… 
i’m grateful for these educators and appreciate all they do to help non-traditional students overcome barriers.
the ged serves as a powerful tool to expand access to higher education and employment, and oregon ged educators are… 
thank you to  and  of our colleagues who joined us in calling on  to abandon his proposal… 
the horrific murder of journalist jamal khashoggi is deeply disturbing. i urge a full investigation into what happe… 
i enjoyed visiting the new sato elementary school in beaverton! they are doing wonderful work with #steam to provid… 
 : thank you  for your letter to address attendees to this weekend's screening of jeanne hallacy's mother, daug…
knowing what to do when an earthquake hits could save your life. learn more about how to prepare and join the… 
did you or someone you know attend corinthian colleges? if so, a court recently ordered the department of education… 
in every corner of nw oregon, i hear about the urgent need for affordable, stable housing and wrap-around services.… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
secretary devos must stop putting the interest of for-profit companies before the interest of students. i call on h… 
as of may , there were , oregonians with pending borrower defense claims. today’s court decision means that… 
the borrower defense rule was designed to protect the many students who were defrauded by predatory, for-profit col… 
congratulations, brigette! i hope you enjoy traveling to dc to help light the u.s. capitol christmas tree, which wi… 
 : october  marks the  year anniversary of #metoo going viral thanks to brave survivors like , …
 : thank you  for meeting with us today to talk about nuclear abolition, clean energy, and peacebuilding for public…
condolences to his friends and family during this difficult time.
.’s contributions to technology, science, health care, music, and the arts will be felt long after his p… 
  congratulations to seth and liz, and welcome to the world, emmy!
today is the th anniversary of the death of matthew shepard. i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor matthe… 
 : we are thrilled to welcome everyone at the first annual elevate inclusion summit. you can feel the energy in the room as…
 : proud to join over  of my colleagues on this letter condemning the trump admin for moving over , migrant children, i…
it is exciting to see groups like  empower women and others from underrepresented backgrounds to succe… 
the ocean is resilient and we can help it heal. i was proud to work with  on the #saveourseasact, which… 
congratulations to  on your  year anniversary in hillsboro! i look forward to your continued work in dev… 
 : “as first-gen college students, you represent  of the hallmarks of the american dream. with a higher educ., you enrich your l…
 : #latinos are making large gains in entrepreneurship, homeownership, &amp; higher education. read more about how they contri…
.’s bill to address harmful algal blooms passed the senate last year and would have passed the house… 
 : the makers gone pro west event at the omic r&amp;d in scappoose was so good that  was there inspiring local high sc…
the fact that president trump didn't understand or know about the  report on climate change is appalling bu… 
after years of struggling through the legal immigration process, the nguyen siblings are finally reunited. i’m hono… 
mr. nguyen and his father sacrificed for the u.s. during the vietnam war and beyond, yet our policies kept his fami… 
it’s emergency nurses day! please join me in thanking these dedicated professionals by recognizing all they do to s… 
 : the #cleanpowerplan’s benefits would have been worth $ billion annually and would have saved countless lives while comba…
the united states has the ability and the obligation to lead the world’s efforts to curb greenhouse gas emissions.… 
at a time when the world is facing record heat waves and droughts, wildfires and hurricanes of unprecedented size a… 
we need action. a new  report confirms that the consequences of inaction on climate change will be serious. 
it is unacceptable for a federal agency to misrepresent or fabricate endorsements. acics lost its federal authority… 
 : an incredible #mfgday  in columbia county! so proud to have such incredible community partners! thanks to ev…
when people fly, oftentimes something goes wrong that is entirely out of their control. i'm proud to have led the e… 
% of women in academia experience sexual harassment, according to . proud to support this legislation to… 
it is clear that we need to do much more to address sexual assault in our nation and support survivors. keep making… 
too many us senators put party above country today.
but even for those who have doubts, the angry testimony of judge kavanaugh, his lack of ability to honestly answer… 
the vote on brett kavanaugh today is deeply disappointing and disturbing. #ibelievedrford and stand in awe of her c… 
happy th anniversary to ! oregon’s economic vitality is dependent on clean air and water, and especiall… 
manufacturing day is an important opportunity to show students and community members the many career opportunities… 
this energy efficiency day, take a moment to think about a small change you can make to #saveenergy. you can find i… 
i look forward to building on these wins by continuing to advocate for the programs and principles that matter most to my constituents.
we invested in our workforce by providing additional funding for registered apprenticeship grants. paid, on-the-job… 
we boosted funding for student support and academic enrichment grants. this will provide schools with flexibility a… 
we invested in the health of our communities by increasing funding for the national institutes of health. expanding… 
we added protections for immigrant families by directing  to submit a family reunification plan to congress… 
more resources will be dedicated to tackling the opioid crisis, helping our communities heal through prevention, tr… 
in a time of partisan divide, last week’s funding agreement to avert a government shutdown showed that bipartisansh… 
.'s own research shows that the #dirtypowerscam will increase emissions of dangerous pollutants, including thos… 
last week i met with olympic snowboarder ,  and  to discuss the effects of climate… 
 : for the past two decades, oregon has experienced a decline in oxygen in pacific ocean waters near the seafloor just off…
the trump administration wants to gut safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. they may have forgot… 
the decades of unethical tax schemes described in this article expose lies at the heart of president trump’s person… 
women in oregon and across the country still face systemic discrimination in the workforce that prevents them from… 
 : this friday is #mfgday, and we’re hosting a makers gone pro day at omic r&amp;d in scappoose. , sportcopter, rightline…
#lwcf expired yesterday, which is unacceptable. i am proud to be a staunch advocate for the land and water conserva… 
for  years, the land and water conservation fund has made it possible for us all to enjoy the precious outdoor ar… 
oregonians care deeply about protecting our local and national parks, forests, scenic areas, and wildlife refuges a… 
happy th anniversary to nasa! we have come a long way since the agency first started – both literally and figurat… 
congress must conduct strong oversight to see that the federal government is meeting basic welfare standards for the children.
this report is deeply disturbing. moving migrant children into desert tents where they lack access to proper suppor… 
.’s continual disrespect and dismissal of scientists is outrageous. this latest attempt to silence scientific p… 
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
devos must immediately follow the gao’s nonpartisan recommendations to correct this mismanagement and give public s… 
earlier this year, devos published a memo claiming that states are preempted from regulating student loan servicers… 
i know how much public service loan forgiveness means to those who serve our community. when i met with firefighter… 
this report shows that secretary devos is grossly mismanaging the public service loan forgiveness program, leaving… 
for all who may hurting, know that i #believewomen and continue to stand with you. if you are a survivor who needs… 
 : house democratic women marched over to the other side of the capitol to join their senate colleagues in protest of kavanaugh…
too many workers in northwest oregon and across the country are still struggling to make ends meet, and workforce d… 
today i joined  in promoting workforce development programs by designating september  as national wo… 
 : acc applauds congressional passage of the “save our seas act.” we thank , , , and…
the first #goptaxscam added close to $ trillion to the national debt. this new round of cuts will add trillions mo… 
i’m standing with senators hirono, harris, and blumenthal to object to pushing through the kavanaugh vote.… 
 : i am proud of the  walking to the senate to stand in support of dr. ford this morning. #believewomen https://t…
 : house dem women now standing up in protest 
 : walking over to the dirksen senate building with my colleagues to oppose the vote on judge kavanaugh’s confirmation. https:…
in the senate judiciary committee hearing room. tensions are high. they will vote on kavanaugh this afternoon despi… 
at the doors of the #kavanaghhearing with my colleagues from the house. #ibelievechristineblaseyford 
marching with  to the senate. #believewomen #kavanaughconfirmation 
 : #npcbee kicks off w/ introducing congress competitors     htt…
 : you can feel the excitement! we are about to get started with thepress vs. politicians spelling bee! on #teampress- …
 : suzanne bonamici gets $ million for marine power research at osu 
the trump administration’s response to #hurricanemaria has been and continues to be unacceptable. i’m deeply concer… 
ready to take on the press in a friendly spelling battle tonight ! follow along on twitter and instagra… 
 : we’re in mcconnell’s office saying we stand with dr. ford and all survivors.   #believewomen
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
it’s #railsafetyweek — let’s help #stoptracktragedies across oregon! trespassing on train tracks is the leading cau… 
all women who have the courage to come forward and share sensitive stories of sexual assault deserve to be heard.… 
colleges are places where students learn and become exposed to new perspectives. we should and can have safe, inclu… 
the trump administration has turned free speech on college campuses into a partisan issue that undermines real conc… 
fishing communities in oregon were devastated by poor salmon seasons and waited more than a year for relief. i’m pr… 
thank you to everyone who attended one of my  fall town hall meetings! i enjoyed hearing directly from you and loo… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : m-a-n-u-m-i-s-s-i-o-n was an easy word for  in last year's  round of the  spellin…
i enjoyed meeting with medical students and seeing the new knight cancer research building  yesterday. ore… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! share this post with friends so everyone is ready to exercise their rights on e… 
immigrants don’t need to be wealthy to make great contributions to this country. this is a cynical attempt to deny… 
under this latest proposed rule, my own grandparents likely would have been deemed “public charges” when they came… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
it is more important now than ever to protect special counsel robert mueller's investigation. no one is above the l… 
tonight is the last chance to attend one of my fall  town hall meetings. i hope you will join me at the friendl… 
banning abortion coverage forces people to delay care and pushes families into desperate situations. i am… 
don’t forget: i’ll be holding the last town hall meeting of my  fall series in portland tomorrow. i look forwar… 
if you haven’t been able to attend any of my  fall town hall meetings yet, you’ll have two chances today. i’ll… 
i’m looking forward to holding two more town hall meeting tomorrow. i hope you will join me for a conversation in b… 
we have fantastic farmers markets in northwest oregon. in addition to being charming and delicious, they are valuab… 
this saturday,  museums across oregon will open their doors and offer free admission for #museumday. i'm proud to… 
 : honored to join other city leaders in a meeting with  tonight  newberg. we discussed jobs, housing,…
newberg is a better place because of the dedicated service of mayor bob andrews. after  years of leading the city… 
addiction is not a moral failing – it is a disease that requires treatment. we need to do more to support programs… 
as co-chair of the estuary caucus, i’m proud to advocate for clean oceans and waterways. this #estuariesweek and al… 
don’t forget: i’ll be in newberg tonight to answer any questions you may have. find more details about the town hal… 
congress can and must do more to make higher education affordable. too many students in oregon and across the count… 
i’ll be continuing my fall  town hall series tomorrow at  pm at  newberg. i hope to see you there,… 
as co-chair of both the house oceans caucus and estuary caucus, i know that research is needed to help protect the… 
congratulations to hillsboro’s imlay elementary school for being named one of america’s #healthiestschools! program… 
healthy beaches and waterways are critical to the marine ecosystems that many oregonians enjoy and rely on to earn… 
we had another great town hall meeting tonight. thank you to everyone who attended and participated with questions… 
as the region grows rapidly, the need for a seismically-sound emergency center is clear. congratulations to all who… 
i was thrilled to play a part in securing funding from the  to clean up and redevelop the site of the new beave… 
 : [thread] sexual assault is a serious claim. i joined my fellow  leaders   &amp;  dem…
 :  new safety center received an epa grant for site clean up thanks to the support of . thank yo…
 : who will take home this year's coveted #npcbee championship belt? join us sept.   for our annual  "press…
 : #icymi last week, ranking members  and  along with  congressional democrats sent a letter to…
i’ll be at tualatin high school tonight for my next town hall meeting. i look forward to discussing health care, ed… 
don’t forget: i’ll be in tualatin tomorrow for my second fall town hall meeting of ! i look forward to answerin… 
thank you to everyone who attended my town hall meeting today in seaside! it was a great start to my  fall seri… 
thank you to the seaside community for passing a bond to move the school, and thank you to weyerhaeuser for donatin… 
the message was clear – the clock ran out before they could get to higher ground.
two years ago, a group of seaside high school students showed me a very compelling presentation. they made a video… 
today is the day! join me at seaside heights elementary school at  p.m. for my first fall town hall meeting of … 
 : the golden goose award is proud to have a bipartisan, bicameral group of supporters in congress. thank you to our "gagg…
the stories these teachers share are disheartening. we need teachers to help communities thrive, and they should ma… 
it was an honor to be recognized for my “dedication and commitment to america’s health by championing the nursing p… 
 : bonamici gets marine power research funding for osu  
my first town hall meeting of my fall series is this saturday! i’ll hold six in total. find details here for the me… 
i’m glad that congress provided funding so all members of congress can pay interns. all offices will benefit from h… 
 : context: earlier this year the nlrb’s inspector general &amp; ethics official found that a trump appointee had a conflict…
 : thank you    &amp;  for standing up for clean air &amp; public health today. these super…
the research  will harness the power of water to help meet our nation’s clean energy needs, create good-pa… 
the golden goose awards honor creative researchers who are dedicated to advancing science, and it was another enlig… 
 : . “important to support research even when we don’t know what the outcome will be at the outset.” thank you…
 : today's the day! join us via livestream starting at : pm et for a celebration of serendipitous science at the  g…
 : team ut/mt/or met with  from or- this afternoon, where they talked about #steam education, #harassment, #wome…
suicide is the th leading cause of death in oregon. this national suicide prevention week, i recommit to doing all… 
this is false. nearly , americans died in puerto rico. to claim otherwise is alarming and entirely disrespectfu… 
 : read: ranking member 's opening statement for glider truck regulations hearing 
 : there are , migrant kids in detention now – that’s almost the same as the number of students in the entire tigard-tua…
 : calling all th graders in oregon: governor brown is hosting an essay contest and the lucky winner will travel to washin…
there are , migrant kids in detention now – that’s almost the same as the number of students in the entire tig… 
the trump admin’s decision to roll back 's methane rule is misguided and once again puts industry interests ove… 
every #vote makes a difference. in congress, i’m fighting for every american citizen to be able to cast a ballot. l… 
it’s encouraging to see the progress of  in building a more skilled and diverse workforce. in congres… 
today we pause to remember those we lost on september , and in their honor recommit to achieving a world where wa… 
seventeen years ago today, americans responded with unity and resolve to the horrific attacks that claimed thousand…  agriculture is the top industry in skagit county, producing crops that sustain #wa and communities around the wor… 
encouraging but not surprising news about the booming tech industry in #wa! i’m fortunate to represent &amp; learn from… 
i’ll let the th amendment to the constitution speak for itself: “all persons born or naturalized in the united st… 
housing costs are still unaffordable for so many #wa families. i have legislation that would increase the low inc… 
 report: u.s. women in equality-boosting cultures are % more likely to advance at work. companies clear… 
last year, the  passed a bill that would slash protections for people with #preexistingconditions. that’s… 
michael reagan is a vietnam veteran who lives in edmonds. he’s the founder of the fallen heroes project, which prov… 
my heart breaks for everyone in pittsburgh impacted by today’s hateful act of anti-semitism. we stand with the jewi… 
as our economy continues to change, we must enact policies that produce good-paying jobs and support middle class f… 
’s juno manufacturing plant in bothell is employing washingtonians doing cutting edge work to target cancer… 
this is a very impactful program for children and families in snohomish. i am a strong advocate in congress for ens… 
pleased to see our community working to find a solution to an issue that impacts so many families. i was successful… 
there are over , veterans in #wa. for all they’ve sacrificed, it’s our responsibility to ensure they have ac… 
happy to see snohomish high students giving back to those in need. #wa 
great for our region’s local economy! 
this is not a myth. the pay gap exists, and it’s our job to do something about it. congress can start by passing th… 
this action jeopardizes protections for people living with pre-existing conditions by rolling back key aca rules. t… 
i had the pleasure of visiting camp korey earlier this year. their efforts are nothing short of inspiring, offering… 
strengthening the middle class means tackling wage stagnation. families are struggling with rising healthcare costs… 
cruel. inhumane. trump’s assault on transgender americans is hurtful and wrong. i stand with the transgender commun… 
our vets have sacrificed so much for our country and shouldn’t have to struggle to find housing. this project is an… 
enjoyed meeting with members of our local national active and retired federal employees (narfe) chapter. our civil… 
well said. under no circumstances should anyone in our country have to go hungry, especially children. 
had a productive discussion with  and industry professionals at  about what steps congress c… 
in #wa, the space industry contributes $. billion and nearly , jobs to the economy. we must keep having these… 
thank you  for touring  and making #wa’s space industry part of your #makeitinamerica… 
 : i’m at  in redmond, wa with   looking at growing space industry in usa and washington…
we're live at  with  and space industry leaders, where we’re discussing what congress can do… 
#otd  years ago, the clean water act was signed. with critical parts of the #wa ecosystem at risk like salmon and… 
had a great discussion with students at henry m. jackson high school in mill creek about congress and what inspired… 
 : /  bullying and harassment overwhelmingly impact #lgbtq youth and the statistics surrounding this are unacceptable. check out …
once again, a federal court has reminded the trump administration that it’s their job to protect students, not for-… 
like we said in , despite what the trump administration says, tax giveaways to the wealthy and well-connected d… 
honored to receive a  score from  for my voting record. i’ll keep advocating to promote lgbtq equality becau… 
 : it’s #endpoverty day! we need to ensure that girls’ basic needs are met not only for their well-being, but also for a better…
proud to receive a perfect score for my voting record this congress from . our work is far from done and i wil… 
on #worldfoodday, let’s recognize the hardworking #wa farmers who produce the fruit, vegetables, and dairy produc… 
this #cybersecurityawarenessmonth, make the effort to protect your personal data from those who would steal your id… 
beyond saddened by the loss of paul allen. his vision, creativity, and kindness will be missed by a world lucky to have known him.
 in  americans should never have to live in poverty after they retire. high quality, affordable health coverage… 
two years after russia interfered in our election, this administration has done virtually nothing to stop it from h… 
an important message for all of our seniors. medicare part d prescription drug plans and medicare advantage open en… 
today was the last day of the appathon and it was a blast! the creativity and brilliance of #wa students was incr… 
need a intro to coding to help you in the congressional app challenge? check out this video tutorial! 
great first day of the appathon! round two is tomorrow. 
happy birthday to our great  (and former #wa rep)!
excited for the kick-off of the appathon today at pm! hope to see you all there at ’s beardslee building!
honored to speak at the women build nations conference.  and  work hard to level the… 
#wa farmers supply our markets, restaurants, and communities with their products. on #nationalfarmersday, let’s t… 
join me at the appathon tomorrow to help craft your app for the congressional app challenge. it will be an event fi… 
excited to speak at the opening of the clara barton elementary school. this will be a vital educational institution… 
had an important discussion at  with cybersecurity experts and tech leaders about election systems securi… 
the recent cola increase for social security is critical for the , hardworking washingtonians in #wa who re… 
my team has spoken with puget sound energy, governor inslee’s office, and heard from cascade natural gas that the g… 
 : at work. at home. at school. in the c suite. in government. in every corner of the globe. equality for all. …
i am monitoring this situation very carefully. my office has been in contact with puget sound energy, ferc, the sta… 
 : due to a pipeline rupture tuesday in b.c., canada, we’re asking for your help conserving natural gas and electricity today. lo…
on #worldmentalhealthday, let’s recommit to ensuring that those who suffer from mental illness get the services the… 
toured mirabilis medical and learned more about their non-invasive therapeutic ultrasound system. they are doing in… 
proud to join with all americans in celebrating #hispanicheritagemonth. 
my annual appathon is a fun opportunity to work on your app for the congressional app challenge. hope to see you th… 
there’s just a few more days to submit your app for the congressional app challenge. deadline is october th - don… 
 : “we look at transparency, #privacy being the default, and enforcement. those are probably three areas that are going to be cr…
it was an honor to receive the tom haley award for leadership in ending hunger at ’s dress down hunger… 
tune in at am pt to watch my interview with  on !
gop leaders may not be brave enough to take a stand against brett kavanaugh, but american women are. proud to rally… 
from one husky to another, congratulations kristina on your incredible achievement! 
 : happy #worldteachersday &amp; thank you to all educators who help build a better world through quality education! …
happy to join staff and advocates at the  foundation legacy event. since , this organization has… 
don’t forget we are just over  week away from the congressional app challenge appathon at uw bothell! any #wa mi… 
the white house’s refusal to let the fbi do its job undercuts the entire credibility of this investigation. the sen… 
enjoyed meeting with  for #coffeewithacop! 
had a productive discussion with tech leaders and entrepreneurs at the #gwsummit. with the evolution of connected d… 
attention all middle and high school students in #wa who have a passion for coding! the congressional app challen… 
today marks the th anniversary of the north cascades national park complex! it’s one of the treasures that make… 
the fact that  percent of skagit residents don’t have affordable housing is alarming. expanding access to quality… 
 years ago, the wild &amp; scenic rivers act was signed! this bill provides vital protections to rivers with outstand… 
billions of dollars in tips each year go unreported, hurting small business owners and their employees. my bill wou… 
 : “we need to celebrate women physicists because they’re out there… i’m honoured to be one of those women," says donna strick…
more flight options for our growing region! 
checked out new parallel reality technology with  in redmond! they are doing truly innovative work right… 
met with   to discuss their work helping veterans transition, develop skills and find job opportuni… 
 : this report is deeply disturbing. moving migrant children into desert tents where they lack access to proper support is un…
because of course. the irresponsible denial of facts and data by this administration continues. 
let’s #gohuskies! beat !
what a great way to support local entrepreneurs. in our rapidly changing economy, we need to keep giving people the… 
we can and must do better by consumers. my new privacy bill would address practices like this and ensure that compa… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
thanks, everyone for stopping by! love this  helmet, i will find a nice place to put it in my office! 
had a great conversation with academics and business leaders at 's ai summit roundtable. in our technology… 
#otd  years ago, the small business act was signed into law. as a former entrepreneur, i understand the importance… 
icymi, the  is sneaking language into the #goptaxscam. that would redefine personhood in contravention o… 
dr. ford, i want you to know that millions of women from across the nation are standing with you today. your braver… 
it's heartwarming to see the skagit community taking care of each other and providing resources to families in need… 
#wa farmers want to sell their products, not get government aid due to the lack of market access as a result of p… 
this hits home. with more than  million visitors to #wa national parks, this impacts our way of life and ecosystem… 
great to see our community making long-term investments in cleaner energy. happy to have worked with  a… 
what an amazing discovery.  continues to produce breakthroughs that improve the lives of cancer patients.… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday! let today serve as a reminder of how far women have come in fighting for th… 
i just introduced legislation that would give consumers more control over their data. my plans calls for companies… 
over % of the . million beauty industry businesses are owned by women &amp; minorities. i’m live right now with loc… 
deeply moved to speak at the opening ceremony for the walk to end alzheimer’s in redmond. it’s critical to raise aw… 
finished a great tour of snohomish conservation district projects in the monroe area where i learned more about the… 
excited to speak at the preview of the garfield ledges trail in the middle fork snoqualmie valley. this trail is a… 
humbled to be the keynote speaker at the launch of the newest cohort in the veterans in residence program run by… 
as a former tech ceo, i know firsthand that consumers, policymakers and the private sector share responsibility for… 
it’s been one year since #hurrricanemaria and #puertorico is still suffering from severe damage &amp; loss of life that… 
wishing all who celebrate #yomkippur a time of peaceful reflection and an easy fast.
you don’t just lose track of thousands of innocent children. it’s an utter disregard for their well-being. congress… 
toured friends of youth’s new ground bothell facility and learned about their work to support and empower young mot… 
with every headline like this, america’s reputation around the globe as a symbol of hope for those fleeing violence… 
china has been a bad actor on many trade issues, but president trump’s trade war is leaving hardworking businesses… 
affordable housing is critical for middle class families, but many are being priced out. i joined  in intro… 
vets helping vets. 
joined  today to tour their sites and learn about their work and approaches to forestry in washington. 
she deserves to tell her story. with a lifetime appointment to the #scotus hanging in the balance, it’s imperative… 
as this article shows, millions of americans are still being left behind. we need to advance policies that expand o… 
no. 
heartbreaking news. 
if congress passes #childcareall, nearly , kids in #wa would be income-eligible for child care assistance, w… 
the mueller investigation into russian interference in our election must continue unimpeded. we must ensure the spe… 
you know you’re bad at your job when a federal judge reminds education secretary  that it’s her respon… 
einstein said the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over but expecting different results. the… 
mental health, compounded by the opioid crisis is a national epidemic. my bill allows greater access to mental heal… 
congratulations to the  on winning their rd wnba title! 
instead of using emergency preparation funds to keep americans safe,  wants to use more taxpayer dollars to… 
voting is essential to our nation’s democracy, but there are systematic efforts to suppress this basic right. in de… 
congratulations to robert hand of mount vernon high school for being awarded washington’s teacher of the year! your… 
the administration must keep congress informed on the current status of the nafta negotiations. i was joined by som… 
honored to join service and community members at the everett naval station to remember the victims of… 
the agency charged with protecting our environment thinks it should be easier to dump a hazardous chemical into the… 
throwing millions of people, including k kids, off of the supplemental nutrition assistance program doesn’t make… 
suicide is the th leading cause of death in #wa. we must continue to help those struggling with mental health, and… 
wishing everyone in #wa and around the world a peaceful and joyous #roshhashanah!
people in the hair care &amp; beauty industry – especially women &amp; minorities – rely on tips to support their families.… 
an inspiring story about a woman who quite literally reached for the stars and is finally getting the recognition s… 
states like #wa are trying to protect college students from abusive and predatory lending practices. why are… 
just in case you thought donald trump might be “saving #medicare” and “making #socialsecurity stronger,” the truth… 
exciting news! looking forward to this new addition that will strengthen and enrich the skagit community. 
this is a frightening action by the trump administration that undermines the rule of law. they are now blatantly ci… 
thank you to my friend, rev. alexander “lex” breckinridge of medina for delivering the opening prayer on the house… 
republicans want to strip away protections for over  million people nationwide living with a preexisting conditi… 
proud to join  and house colleagues in sending care packages to military families. thank you for your selfl… 
thanks to trina of  and kimmy of  for stopping by to discuss the importance of ensuring women entr… 
are you a middle or high school student in #wa with a passion for coding? sign up for the congressional app chall… 
glaciers in the north cascades are vital to our region. we must enact policies to help combat climate change and pr… 
access to affordable child care is beyond a family issue, its an economic issue. the child care for working familie… 
great news for our state! #wa keeps leading the way in driving economic growth and supporting hardworking families. 
wishing everyone a happy #laborday! take a moment today to remember the invaluable contributions that american work… 
proud that #wa is taking the lead in reducing greenhouse gases and fighting another one of trump’s reckless environ… 
gutting net neutrality rules placed profits over americans who rely on an open internet. i signed the discharge pet… 
only one more preseason game left! go ! #oakvssea
#pugetsoundwater and fish are critical to our ecosystem and health. by weakening our water quality standards, we ri… 
it has been  years since the march on washington. we have made tremendous progress in expanding civil rights for… 
 : seattle city light dedicates diablo dam, at the time world's highest, on august , . via 
this is just wrong. spouses of h-b visa holders contribute so much to our economy. they should be allowed to work.  
saddened by the passing of senator john mccain — a patriot and an american hero. his courage, sacrifice and devotio… 
#otd  years ago, the  was founded. #wa is home to some of the most beautiful national forests. l… 
had a productive conversation today with  and learned more about their j response efforts and local restorat… 
joined community leaders and families impacted by the opioid crisis at the overdose awareness vigil and resource fa… 
last stop on my #startup tour! aqueduct neurosciences is doing important work to improve the treatment of brain inj… 
enjoyed visiting  to learn how easy they make it for customers to order cuts of meat from local farms a… 
met with  to better understand how their mobile app helps track opioid medications, a groundbreaking a… 
i met with the great people of  to learn more about how they help businesses increase data security a… 
first stop on my tour of #wa startups is , an innovative co-working space geared towards helping femal… 
humbled to meet with local veterans and interview a gold star mom for the  veterans history project… 
this is a culture of corruption. now more than ever, the mueller probe must be protected by congress and be allowed… 
tomorrow i will begin my tour of innovative #startups in #wa! excited to learn about how these companies shape our… 
i know we’re all struggling in these conditions, so please exercise caution when outdoors and keep windows and door… 
scrapping the clean power plan is a punch to the gut by this administration – not only to our environment, but to t… 
excited to see so many people talking about #startupweek! i’ll be visiting some #wa startups later this week to hig… 
if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by cla… 
enjoyed touring the segelsen stewardship pilot project site and meeting with members of the darrington collaborativ… 
#wa is a leading exporter of dairy products, but retaliatory tariffs are causing anxiety and uncertainty. we should… 
#icymi: almost half of new companies are being established outside of the  largest metropolitan areas in the unit… 
this week, i’ll be visiting local #startups to learn more about the challenges they face and how we can better supp… 
this is #startupweek across america. #startups are creating jobs all across the country and in our own backyards! j… 
 : #dyk: about % of all new jobs in the u.s. are created by #startups. during #startupweek, let’s recognize how much they mea…
this report is heartbreaking. i have bipartisan legislation that addresses opioid over-prescription and looks for a… 
i’m proud to be participating in #startupweek to celebrate how entrepreneurship drives innovation and economic grow… 
as forest fires and the effects of climate change ravage #wa, we must keep fighting for policies that will protect… 
“and for every parent who is not located there will be a permanently orphaned child, and that is  percent the re… 
this is great news, and an important step toward expanding access and medical services for children and their famil… 
small businesses in #wa and across the nation rely on #netneutrality to attract new customers and grow. i support… 
it was an honor to speak at the  graduation ceremony! we need more women in tech, and these young wome… 
 in  children in western washington struggle with hunger, and no child should be forced to skip meals just becaus… 
we must improve access to quality mental health care for those in need. today i toured fairfax hospital in kirkland… 
i was glad to join today’s  federal affairs summit. we must promote trade policies that support hardwork… 
for  years, social security has provided stability to seniors, families and disabled americans. now more than eve… 
no one, let alone the president of the united states, should ever refer to anyone this way. it’s disrespectful to w… 
tough loss for kirkland little league today, but you made our community proud! congratulations on an amazing season! 
i am encouraged by these efforts to prevent opioid addiction in our communities. hopefully, skagit regional health’… 
as we mark the -year anniversary of #charlottesville, let’s recommit to fighting back against bigotry. as a proud… 
we must continue our efforts to address these critical issues and make sure everyone has access to nutritious meals… 
had an important panel discussion at  with my house colleagues and washington community leaders about… 
way to go kirkland little league! congrats on another big win in the world series! best of luck in your next game t… 
join me today at my town halls in skykomish and monroe so i can answer your questions. hope to see you there! 
i met today with seniors in mill creek to discuss their concerns about the safety and future of critical programs l… 
i enjoyed speaking with the eastside transportation partnership about the need to improve our local infrastructure… 
way to go kirkland! keep up the great work in portland. we're all rooting for you!  commemorating the  national day of remembrance hosted by the . ty for the award and ki… 
#icymi, donald trump came to nevada and lied about his administration's support for yucca mountain. with trump in t… 
do not be distracted by trump’s latest lie. he cannot rip up the constitution with the stroke of a pen. this anti-i… 
tio looking paws-itively excited on #nationalcatday 
#teamtitus is pleased to participate in the  walk to #endalz #nv 
enjoyed visiting with constituents at the black lv food festival &amp; block party #onlyindistrict #dtlv 
the attack on the synagogue in pittsburgh is horrific. my thoughts are with the victims and their loved ones. our n… 
 :   such a rewarding experience. viva las vegas! thank you  for meeting w/ music c…
 : we got “home means nevada” on repeat today 🔂🔂🔂🔂🔂
happy #nevadaday! take some time to enjoy all that #nv #nv has to offer: 
 : . takes stage to chants of “dina, dina, dina,” sparks chants of “medicare for all.”
the legislative eis has been posted for nevada test and training range located within the desert national wildlife… 
trump’s new medicare drug pricing plan does not negate republicans’ ongoing attacks on people with preexisting cond… 
 i agree. i’m a professor and value footnotes.
pleased to welcome participants of the th annual  convention to district  #nahp #hispanicpublishers 
 : ., we appreciate the time you took to listen to our stories.   thanks to our  members: …
 : . sharing important updates on legislation related to providing more access to #stem and #technology programs f…
 :  #ppw     
 : we are so fortunate to have  join us today !! having support for girls and underrepresented groups in computer…
fixed it. 
thank you  for the important work you’re doing to protect our #wildhorses. you can always count on… 
welcome to the  and to #nv ! 
 : democratic takeover of house could mean higher profile for titus  via 
the trump administration's plan to deny civil rights and protections to transgender individuals is vile. i stand wi… 
#teamtitus kicks off the th annual #akimatsuri #japanesefestival 
 : good morning from #vegasbookfest! see you at  📚 
#teamtitus is pleased to join the nevada u.s. china cultural association at the th annual across the pacific – chi… 
join us at texas station for the th annual senior spotlight spectacular  
if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic violence, call ---safe to reach the .
each october we recognize #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth. in , nv recorded over k cases of #domesticviolence… 
icymi, trump has personally intervened in the fbi hq relocation plan -- blocking competition for his dc hotel and b… 
 : last month, rm  &amp;  sent a letter to chairman shuster requesting an oversight hearing after…
pleased to recognize ken hill as nevada’s veteran of the month. ken served in the army during wwii. we are grateful… 
 : new emails and photos show the president had direct influence on the fbi hq decision.   …
potus's actions will cost taxpayers an addl. $ million. as the ranking dem. overseeing federal buildings, i join… 
new e-mails and photos show president trump personally intervened to stop the fbi hq relocation project -- preventi… 
today: need assistance navigating a federal agency? stop by our weekly #titusofficehours at the east las vegas comm… 
 : long time champion of workers and nevadans, . thank you for having our backs. we have ours. …
 : . “we are all dreamers, we are all in this together” 
 : .  is united with nevada union members to fight for a permanent solution for #tps.  union me…
i am honored to receive a 💯 on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of #lgbtq equality. i'll continue to s… 
 : ., an outspoken opponent of storing nuclear waste in nevada, said the trump administration is determined to…
pleasure joining , , and  rail utc to discuss the latest on infrastructure and the imp… 
pleased to address the traffic safety summit hosted by   . together we can save… 
#teamtitus is providing resources today at the homeless connect pop-up project with  from a-p… 
we're experiencing an increasing number of these kinds of attacks across nevada and the united states. we must spea… 
 :  eggs and issue breakfast,  oct.   with congresswoman , joe brown, and the …
       thank you. we have rea… 
surprise, surprise, after exploding the deficit with the #goptaxscam, mitch mcconnell now wants to use it as an exc… 
 : congresswoman ⁦⁩ :  yucca mt has always been about bad politics, not good science. 
that’s why i’ll be reintroducing the #weekendswithouthunger act, a bill to provide nutritious food to at-risk schoo… 
while school meals keep children healthy &amp; focused during the school day, kids in food-insecure households sometime… 
it’s #nationalschoollunchweek! according to , over % of children in ccsd received free or reduced-p… 
today marks  year since #metoo went viral. as a supporter of the violence against women act and protections for th… 
joining the  this morning for an eggs &amp; issues conversation on yucca mtn. along with  and s… 
 : starting our week with eggs &amp; issues. today we will have panel discussion on #yuccamt w  ,  , who…
congratulations to the lv indian chamber of commerce community award recipients! 
. provides a safe home for all people to come and socialize while enjoying a delicious meal or beve… 
#nv students: the congressional app challenge countdown is now  days! register and submit your app by october … 
celebrating #hispanicheritagemonth with  and  at the east las vegas community center… 
celebrating with friends at the annual dia de los abuelitos  #onlyindistrict 
during #filipinoamericanhistorymonth 🇵🇭, we recognize the great sacrifices of wwii filipino-american veterans by aw… 
pleased to celebrate the th annual disability day at lorenzi park #onlyindistrict #disabilityawarenessmonth 
today we recognize the rd birthday of the . nevada may land-locked, but we are the proud home to… 
 : wake up people it’s an early one!!! 
celebrating the reopening of baskin park  #onlyindistrict 
#nv students: the congressional app challenge countdown is now  days! register and submit your app by october … 
#teamtitus celebrates the grand opening of the immigrant home foundation #onlyindistrict 
#teamtitus is pleased join alzheimer’s nevada at their annual fall conference in a collective effort to #endalz… 
best wishes to   on the opening of their new hq! 
over  million people are blind or visually impaired. on #worldsightday the  is working with the  t… 
after cable news is done fawning over #kanye's rants in the #ovaloffice, maybe they'll take a minute to discuss the… 
today we celebrate #internationaldayofthegirl and commit to preparing the next generation of woman leaders here at… 
    thanks for highlighting this important program. as c… 
on #nationalcomingoutday we stand in support of our #lgbtq+ friends and loved ones. there have been substantial gai… 
today’s .% cola increase is good news for seniors, veterans, &amp; people w/ disabilities who have earned social secu… 
today starts the clock on the comment period for trump’s attack on legal immigrants’ use of snap, housing aid, &amp; he… 
on #worldmentalhealthday, take a moment to check in with those around you. here are some ways to improve your menta… 
more than , individuals experience homelessness in southern nevada on any given night. we must do all we can to… 
today: need assistance navigating a federal agency? stop by our weekly #titusofficehours at the east las vegas comm… 
happening now: #veterans needing assistance with va enrollment and benefits, legal assistance, social security, emp… 
#teamtitus joined  and  for the release of the  children’s legislative briefing book a… 
as #hurricanemichael makes its way to the florida panhandle as a destructive cat.  it is important for residents i… 
it’s great to be back in the classroom ’s osher lifelong learning institute. 
here in nevada we are committed to a clean energy future. #toxictrump and the republicans, meanwhile, are rolling b… 
the effects of air pollution are especially harmful to the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and low-inc… 
congratulations to  for its perfect score in this year's  municipality equality index and its co… 
 : with  students &amp; friends supporting the . thank you caroline kennedy for visiting #nv and speaking. #r…
congressional app challenge countdown:  days! register and submit your app by october th. more info here:… 
 : legal aid center, , southern nevada senior law program &amp; volunteer attorneys will be on hand  the neighborhood re…
 : με την dina titus . μέλος του κογκρέσου των ηπα για τη νεβάδα και τον καταξιωμένο δημοσιογράφο και συγγραφ…
what a knight! #goknightsgo 
today #teamtitus joined the  for their art exhibition: five thousand years of chinese characters. #nv 
congratulations to  on their newest location #teamtitus 
thank you  for having me on the show. here are my thoughts on why i don’t believe brett kavanaugh should… 
as an educator myself i know the power that teachers have in preparing the next generation to lead. on… 
about  in  women in the u.s. will develop breast cancer. while many symptoms of breast cancer are invisible, some… 
same-sex partners of foreign diplomats were told they need to marry by december  or face deportation from the us.… 
congressional app challenge countdown:  days! register and submit your app by october th. more info here:… 
i'll be joining  shortly to discuss the vote on #kavanaugh. you can listen live at .
brett kavanaugh is not entitled to this position. his judicial rulings, tainted with personal political bias, are d… 
#teamtitus is pleased to join  for a roundtable discussion on nevada kids count. 
. are a #teamtitus favorite. what kind of tacos will you be enjoying on #nationaltacoday? 🌮… 
i oppose this move, and urge all nevadans to speak out during the public comment period. see my full statement: 
the trump admin. is proposing redefining high-level nuclear waste. make no mistake, this will open up nevada to be… 
today, #teamtitus attended the first impact summit of the nevada minority health and equity coalition w/… 
ready, set, code! there are only two weeks left to enter the congressional app challenge. register and submit an ap… 
#teamtitus joins the  in recognizing the lv peruvian chamber of commerce 
 : thank you, , for passing a strong, long-term faa bill.  flight attendants everywhere are c…
the senate just passed the #faa authorization bill. this legislation includes a number of provisions i championed t… 
another successful national night out. a wonderful event bringing neighbors and law enforcement together. #lvmpd… 
 : oct. nd - national night out is tonight!! celebrate with your family &amp; friends at a location near you. free food, enter…
 i'm an original cosponsor of this bill.
as co-chair of the house travel and tourism caucus, i recently penned a letter with dozens of my colleagues calling… 
international travel to the united states is critical to nevada and the united states' economy. #brandusa does not… 
las vegas is a destination for more than  million visitors from all around the world. , our nation's… 
 : thank you to all who came to the healing garden and remembrance wall this evening to honor the  together as a community…
 : it is an honor to stand with the las vegas community tonight, remembering the hundreds of lives that were shattered one…
this evening we remember the victims and their loved ones at the  #remembrancegarden 
 : shared information regarding occupational therapy with christine godinez, legislative assistant, for congresswoman dina tit…
i helped author the closing the bump stock loophole act to give atf the authority it needs, but republicans have bl… 
president is claiming that he "knocking out bump stocks." he is either lying or naive. you can buy them today. mean… 
one year later, we remember the  killed and the many still suffering from that harrowing night. in this morning's… 
we begin this day of remembrance  where there is no doubt that we are #vegasstronger. 
i joined #october survivor christine caria to author this piece in the . in the last year we’ve seen l… 
 : today, on #goldstarmothersday, we honor surviving parents and families of fallen #servicemembers. #honorthem https://t.c…
nevada's desert habitats, cultural resources, and iconic wildlife must be protected for future generations. happy t… 
congratulations to the nearly  students who participated in the th annual  college readiness bootcamp at… 
it is critical the white house not handcuff the fbi in its investigation of these claims against judge kavanaugh. t… 
i stated my opposition to judge #kavanaugh’s nomination prior to these serious allegations based on his judicial ph… 
this week, i was at  university to talk about how women are changing politics by turning out to vote… 
#icymi, last evening a federal judge ruled that our lawsuit against the president for violations of the… 
happening now: #teamtitus joins a panel discussion hosted by  at the nevada #publiclandsday economic… 
this #goptaxscam is only a thinly veiled attempt to repackage their disastrous trickle-down economics that has failed the american people.
i have heard from constituents about problems created from the sloppy drafting of the first tax scam, but this bill… 
#goptaxscam is another attempt by republicans to reward the nation’s wealthiest and largest corporations while sett… 
#teamtitus at the groundbreaking of rg law #onlyindistrict 
congratulations to  on the grand re-opening of mccarran marketplace park w/ … 
i am pleased to recognize  and  for their generous support of  teacher exchan… 
#teamtitus is pleased to celebrate the newest phase of the solomon schechter day school of las vegas. mazel tov! 
sept. th is the day that native women’s pay catches up with their white male counterparts’ pay from the previous… 
in the final days before the house heads home before the midterms, the republicans are pushing propaganda resolutio… 
the house just passed the bipartisan #faa bill, which includes a number of provisions i championed that benefit tra… 
today i joined my democratic colleagues in support of dr. ford and all survivors of sexual assault and harassment.… 
today the house will consider a five-year #faa authorization bill. this bill includes a number of provisions i cham… 
as a strong advocate for the violence against women act (vawa), i believe that survivors of sexual assault deserve… 
today: need assistance navigating a federal agency? stop by our weekly #titusofficehours at the east las vegas comm… 
september th is a day dedicated to spreading worldwide awareness around the use and effectiveness of contraceptiv… 
#teamtitus celebrating #nationalvoterregistrationday throughout #nv   
 you can check your registration status on the secretary of state's website: 
 : thank you  for your support of   #cancerlobbyday #fightcancer #nevadatowashingtondc https://t.…
the #lwcf program is a success story. with just days to go before the current authorization expires congress should… 
happy #nationalvoterregistrationday america! each and every one of us has a civic duty to uphold our country's demo… 
after writing to  with several colleagues in june, i’m glad to see they will be following u.s. army and… 
 : thank you,  (d-nv-), for kicking off the   first-generation college celebration with your letter of support!…
  hi donna, i too oppose the privatization scheme the republicans pushed. this new long-te… 
if you were at the #route harvest festival, assistance may be available through the nevada victims of crime progr… 
even before these allegations came to light i opposed judge kavanaugh's appointment to the scotus. his judgement an… 
last week, i hosted a roundtable for the #bidencancersummit to discuss ways to improve cancer research. thank you t… 
icymi, this thursday the judiciary comm. will hold a hearing on #sportsbetting. nevada, with our decades of experie… 
first trump ripped immigrant families apart at the border. now he is targeting them again by making basic human nee… 
last night the trump admin. released the latest republican attack on immigrants &amp; the most vulnerable. a person’s u… 
unity is our priority and strength . 
another outstanding  #education hero award gala. congratulations to each of the well deserving honorees. 
like it was even in question. come find out for yourself. #onlyindistrict 
i’m proud to support our local museums for 's #museumday on /. this year’s theme is… 
today we celebrate national public lands day. all national park entrance fees are waved in an effort to bring peopl… 
 : thanks to  and  for their continued leadership to protect wild horses! 
 : thank you  for always standing up for conservation &amp; vegas communities &amp; encouraging us all to protect #lwcf…
today we honor those who bravely served our country, in the darkest of circumstances, as prisoners of war and those… 
troubling changes to interior's policy for the sale of wild horses and burros could result in sales to kill-buyers.… 
#bidencancersummit 
i’ll be hosting in las vegas. we’ll be going live at :am/pt. 
have a passion for coding? submit an app for the  congressional app challenge. don’t miss out on the october … 
enjoy the finest pizza #onlyindistrict on #nationalpepperonipizzaday 🍕 
 : at the northern nevada center for independent living in reno and this is dora and she says hello and she thanks you for be…
thank you for having me on your show. 
. visited our office to thank #teamtitus for participating in the #purplestride walk to end pancreatic cance… 
grateful to  for presenting me with the seven seals award in recognition of our support for  ser… 
#teamtitus provided resources today at the homeless connect pop-up project with lutheran social services of nevada… 
g'mar chatima tovah and a safe and meaningful fast to those observing #yomkippur.
i am pleased to recognize the partnership between  and all  institutions on the signing of the… 
this morning i'm heading to the  commission to discuss some important federal legislation impacting f… 
wishing a very happy st birthday to ! proud and grateful for all of the brave men and women who serve… 
the allegations against #kavanaugh should not be taken lightly. that is why i’m asking the senate to delay his nomi… 
visited  museum in #dtlv. highlights #cannabis culture and history. #onlyindistrict 
the trump admin. continues to push policies that close doors, build walls, and separate families. we will not stand… 
 : it's happening it's happening it's happening!!!!!! 
#teamtitus w/  consul madrigal  fiesta las vegas! 
throughout #hispanicheritagemonth⁠ we celebrate the culture, achievements, and contributions of the hispanic commun… 
did you know that there are fewer than , red pandas in the wild? international #redpandaday celebrates these f… 
this week, congress passed legislation extending restrictions on painful &amp; outdated dog testing at … 
 : did you know coloring actually has psychological benefits for adults? so de-stress this national coloring day and get…
#teamtitus kicking off hispanic heritage month at the launch of   latinx voices of southern ne… 
#vegasstrong 
my message at today’s recognition ceremony  honoring the survivors and those who cared for them: 
fue un placer conocer al pastor juan almanza y a su esposa rocio de iglesia caf en las vegas, igual que al personal… 
pleasure meeting with pastor juan almanza and his wife rocio from iglesia caf in las vegas, and the staff from… 
congrats!  we must stand against hatred and those that incite it. all forms of anti-semitism are unacceptable, and these symbo… 
deeply saddened by the horrific violence at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburg today, &amp; i am grateful for the… 
tomorrow, local law enforcement agencies and the drug enforcement agency will be establishing takeback sites where… 
it was great to see leaders from the new hampshire air national guard and army national guard in dc yesterday. than… 
i am thankful for the law enforcement officers who are investigating today's attacks on democratic leaders and the… 
i am pleased that my provisions to dredge portsmouth and hampton harbors have been signed into law.
sb undermines our state’s reputation for holding free and fair elections, and it hurts our democracy. the court ma… 
sb is a bad law that would make it harder for granite staters to exercise their fundamental right to vote. my full… 
it used to be much easier to exercise the fundamental right to vote in nh. since ', our state has dropped from t… 
enjoyed touring great bay national wildlife refuge this morning with manager bill peterson and nh. fish and game. t… 
i will never stop fighting for lgbtq communities. one of my proudest moments was helping to repeal don’t ask don’t… 
i signed a bipartisan letter today asking  what the us knew about the saudi plot to capture &amp; kill khashogg… 
from supporting oyster farmers to helping fishermen sustainably harvest their products, new hampshire’s sea grant p… 
on #nationalcomingoutday, we celebrate and honor all those in the lgbtq community who have fought for justice and e… 
all girls have the right to develop the skills they need to succeed and reach their dreams. across the world, we mu… 
on #worldmentalhealthday, let’s step up our efforts to #curestigma and ensure all americans have access to the ment… 
mr. medbery is an american patriot, and we are all inspired by his service. like all of the other veterans we have… 
national parks have always been among my top priorities. i served  years on the natural resources committee and ha… 
the senate should not consent to president trump, a man unfit for his own office, putting a partisan hack on the su… 
the demeanor he displayed shows he is unfit to be a judge, and his partisan attacks confirm his true background as… 
not only does judge kavanaugh's treatment of women disqualify him from the supreme court, but his wildly uncontroll… 
this is just wrong. it is a vicious attack on lgbtq couples (most of whom cannot legally marry) that will hurt dipl… 
wishing  all the best as he tackles this challenge. going public is so generous and will hopefully enco… 
it was great to run into veteran advocates from the disabled american veterans (dav) new hampshire at the deerfield… 
happy th birthday president jimmy carter. in awe of how hard you still work and what you’ve done to help those wh… 
 yr ago, a gunman killed  people in las vegas in the deadliest mass shooting in us history. today we remember th… 
dr. ford was a credible, honest, and compelling witness. it’s right to delay the vote and update the fbi background investigation.
today, the house passed legislation i cosponsored to help lower drug prices. the patient right to know drug prices… 
on #worldlungday, we highlight the importance of healthy lungs &amp; the need to prevent &amp; find a cure for lung disease… 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, take a moment to make sure you and your family are registered to vote! for more i… 
on national pow and mia recognition day, we remember and honor all the brave americans who have been held as prison… 
ms. tham faces considerable danger if she is deported to indonesia. ice must release ms. tham immediately and allow… 
the continued detention of etty tham by ice is unconscionable and must end immediately. her detention is completely… 
for  years, the brave men and women of the us air force have protected and defended our country. thank you to all… 
wishing all who observe yom kippur an easy fast and a meaningful day of reflection. g’mar chatimah tovah.
 years ago, our constitution was signed into law. now more than ever, we all must do our part to defend the cons… 
grateful for the first responders heading to the lawrence area. my thoughts and prayers are with the people of ma a… 
seventeen years ago today, we experienced the worst terrorist attack in our nation’s history. we won't forget the a… 
shana tova to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah! wishing you a healthy happy new year.
wonderful development for nh's indonesian community. they should have permanent asylum, &amp; my office will continue p… 
labor unions have made enormous contributions that improved the health, safety, and well-being of working men and w… 
i am grateful for his life and his long service to america. his life had many chapters, but each chapter had the sa… 
i am deeply saddened tonight by the passing of sen. john mccain. the last time i spoke to senator mccain, he walked… 
sen mccain has lived a life of service to his country and has always shown great courage. my thoughts and prayers a… 
the  is an incredible facility, serving as an international resource for weather &amp; climate education and rese… 
this morning, i hosted a reception for veterans who submitted stories to the veterans history project. i was honore… 
this plan is reckless, it is an abuse of federal funds, and it has not been authorized by congress. #devos must dro… 
after severely limiting research into gun violence in schools as part of its school safety commission, it is abhorr… 
. plan to commandeer funding designated for mental health services, bullying awareness, and dropout pr… 
by weakening the #cleanpowerplan, the trump admin has made a disgusting choice to place the interests of the fossil… 
this is our justice system working to protect the us and our democracy, and it must be allowed to proceed without p… 
this investigation is working to uncover both the facts about russian interference in the  elections and any cr… 
the department of justice has indicted  russian nationals for their role in hacking democratic entities. and trum… 
the mueller investigation has now led to the conviction of former trump campaign chairman paul manafort on eight fe… 
community health centers like  help so many granite staters by efficiently providing quality health c… 
public service is a public trust, and elise has proven time &amp; time again that she takes the responsibilities of con… 
i am deeply saddened by the loss of cpl. jonathan currier, who died while serving his country in the marine corps.… 
i visited virgin oyster company &amp; the jackson laboratory last week.  conducts research to preserve our e… 
had a great time yesterday with . the girls were doing cool science projects, learning about space! t… 
no one in our country should have to go without food, but far too many seniors struggle to meet their daily nutriti… 
#ndaa is now law. named in honor of , the defense bill gives troops a .% pay increase &amp; has nh prio… 
heather heyer was killed a year ago in #charlottesville while standing up to hatred and racism. she was bravely def… 
 : it was an honor to visit the portsmouth naval shipyard again. thank you to the men and women who work at pns. they are p…
it was an honor to visit the portsmouth naval shipyard again. thank you to the men and women who work at pns. they… 
on national purple heart day, we remember and honor the sacrifices of our veterans and servicemembers who were woun… 
from purging voter rolls to creating modern day poll taxes, republicans are making it harder for americans to vote.… 
happy rd anniversary, medicare &amp; medicaid, federal programs helping millions get health care. we should strengthe… 
i was honored to speak at the grand opening of bradley commons, new workforce housing that will help many in the do… 
castle in the clouds is one of our state’s most beautiful landmarks. it’s truly wonderful that it will be added to… 
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
  congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting th… 
the first female secretary of state, the amazing , came to the hill today and shared her wisdom with us. 
this morning, i read a terrific op-ed on russia’s interference in the us elections by , a conservative expe… 
today, i introduced the campus prevention &amp; recovery services for students act. colleges and universities have a ro… 
the senate should not confirm kavanaugh until after the people have had their say in just over  months. women’s he… 
yesterday, i read an op-ed by former gop gov.  on the house floor. washington republicans must end their wil… 
students and families are being crushed by the burden of student loans while the cost of college tuition keeps risi… 
i read  publisher joe mcquaid’s helsinki editorial on the floor. he’s right. “compared to the pathetic,… 
america &amp; the world are watching. they're wondering how long it will take for this republican congress to act. i as… 
we need to know why nh has the highest pediatric cancer rate in the country. i’ve asked hhs to prioritize pediatric… 
americans and the world need and deserve a fresh start with a leader who will stand up for freedom and democracy.
trump must step down now and spare our people a drawn-out ordeal. president richard nixon stepped down for far less… 
its jailing and killing of russian dissidents and journalists, and its actions to undermine our democracy, actions… 
trump blamed the united states for deteriorating relations with russia, instead of criticizing russia’s illegal act… 
i am sickened by what i heard and saw from president trump in helsinki. his comments are disastrous for our country… 
the indictments today make it crystal clear that russian conspirators attacked our democracy and communicated with… 
house republicans must immediately stop their puzzling efforts to undermine the probe and discredit american law enforcement agencies.
 russians.  russian intelligence officers.  americans, including  senior members of the trump campaign. the… 
it is deeply disappointing that the governor misled young people into believing he would protect their right to vot… 
prescription drug costs are skyrocketing. the trump administration and republican congress should focus on common-s… 
yesterday, i sent a letter with  house democrats calling on trump to rescind his anti-worker executive orders th… 
remember how mitch mcconnell’s rule shut out garland’s nomination for almost a year? no #scotus confirmation until… 
trump should have fired pruitt a long time ago. the ethics abuses trump tolerates in his admin would be shocking if… 
 years ago, lbj signed the civil rights act into law. it outlawed discrimination in public accommodations. so man… 
under no circumstances should the senate confirm a new justice until the american people make their voices heard on… 
i was lucky to know wayne alterisio and honored to call him my friend. wayne was a tireless advocate for the workin… 
the #scotus wayfair decision is unfair to our state and will harm nh businesses. other states shouldn’t be able to… 
happy th birthday new hampshire! on june , , new hampshire ratified the constitution. as the ninth state t… 
it’s about time. it was outrageous, and a violation of the trust we place in our public officials, that for months,… 
this is good news. pure maple syrup should not have an “added sugar” label. on june , i asked fda to exempt pure m… 
my democratic colleagues and i joined together earlier today to demand an immediate end to trump’s zero tolerance p… 
this afternoon, i co-introduced the keep families together act. i call on all elected officials, anyone with a hear… 
our nation’s veterans served to defend our values and to protect us, and we owe them access to the best quality hea… 
today, i spoke at a press conference and said trump’s policy of ripping refugee children from their parents is doin… 
thank you  for inviting me to address the armed to farm nh seminar, which provides free training to vetera… 
the trump administration’s policy of separating children from their parents is terrifying and frankly, abhorrent. m… 
i am pleased that the house passed my amendments to promptly dredge hampton and portsmouth harbors and help our sta… 
had a wonderful time at the experience new hampshire event last night. thank you to all the granite staters who sho… 
as a social worker, mother, and grandmother, i find this action by the trump administration ignorant, disgusting, a… 
had a productive conversation yesterday with #epa regional administrator dunn about pease, coakley, &amp; st. gobain. i… 
 years ago, brave troops from the us, canada, and great britain stormed the beaches of france to free europe. we… 
today we honor the men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our values, our freedom, and our nat… 
congratulations to sean cheng (and the cooperative middle school in stratham) who reached the #natgeobee finals! th… 
this afternoon, i joined a democratic hearing on #gunviolence prevention featuring a panel of high schoolers who ha… 
president trump is continuing his attacks on women’s health care. this rule will defund #plannedparenthood &amp; other… 
"nobody knew what to do," a weeping student named dakota told kprc. "there was nothing we could do but run." there… 
the senate this week passed a resolution to overturn the fcc’s repeal of #netneutrality protections. i cosponsored… 
the #farmbill, which failed on the floor, would have severely hurt seniors, children, veterans, and so many vulnera… 
today begins #nationalpoliceweek, when we honor and recognize our law enforcement officers for all they do every da… 
the unemployment rate for #milspouses is  x the national average. it's #militaryspouseappreciationday, a day to sa… 
disposing of munitions in open-air burn pits poses unacceptable dangers to our servicemembers, veterans, and all wh… 
this is the right decision. our seacoast communities deserve answers about how pfc contamination is impacting their… 
we should steer our nation down the pathway to a safer and more peaceful world, not the pathway to war. this decisi… 
congratulations  for receiving special recognition and a stipend from  for this creative psa on… 
today is #nationalteacherappreciationday! thanks to all who have dedicated their lives to educating our children an… 
jeffery ballard, an rn , will throw out the first pitch at the #redsox game on nurse appreciation nigh… 
not clear to me at all, . "to be clear, that decision was based on my duty to ensure that the house has… 
i &amp; three other members led  of our colleagues in asking paul ryan why he fired father conroy. there was no good… 
on #worldpressfreedomday, we celebrate the free press, the st amendment, &amp; the values we hold dear as a democratic… 
happy national small business week! sbs form the backbone of new hampshire’s economy, representing nearly % of al… 
today is national prescription drug take back day. please look around, and if you have any unused or expired medica… 
one member leading the search for father conroy’s replacement even said the next chaplain should be someone who has… 
today, three colleagues and i led  members of congress in sending a letter to speaker ryan asking why he fired f… 
yesterday was girls inc. &amp; tuesday’s children shadow day on the hill. had so much fun showing annicha, ariella, and… 
congratulations  on being nominated as the next us marshall! you’ve done a great job in manchester. th… 
i am pleased that epa recognizes the importance of the breton’s cleaners brownfield project and will be providing a… 
we can't keep using dangerous fire fighting foam that contains pfcs, and which continues to contaminate bases and g… 
i am so pleased that this year’s national defense authorization act will include nearly $ million for the portsm… 
we owe it to our states &amp; local governments to ensure they are prepared with the knowledge &amp; know-how to mitigate t… 
 years ago,  students and a teacher were killed at columbine high school. today, young people across the nation… 
i am pleased that nh will get badly needed resources to help our communities, but overall, this grant is wholly ina… 
 : #taxday update: #irs provides an extra day for taxpayers to file and pay their taxes following system issues. file by midnight…
barbara bush was a remarkable woman who spoke honestly about what she believed. i am deeply saddened by her passing… 
so proud of all those at the shipyard whose hard work and dedication have made it the “gold standard” for public sh… 
with just % of americans believing the #goptaxscam was a good idea, it’s astounding that the wh dispatched two su… 
most disgusting of all, the bill for this windfall for the wealthy will be nearly $ trillion. americans will have… 
when it comes to corporations, shareholders are seeing a windfall, with jp morgan predicting stock buy-backs will r… 
morgan stanley predicted that just  percent of the #goptaxscam benefits will trickle down to workers while… 
six years ago, greenland police chief michael maloney was killed in the line of duty while he was helping serve a w… 
this is outrageous. pruitt has to go. #bootpruitt 
last night began yom hashoah, holocaust remembrance day in israel. we must never forget nazi atrocities or stop wor… 
it's only fair that women get paid what they've earned! small businesses, families, and our economy suffer when wom… 
 years ago today,  sailors and civilians perished aboard the uss thresher. among those lost were many granite… 
i and  of my colleagues in the house demanded that president trump #bootpruitt. his unethical behavior, waste of… 
the sarah long bridge is essential for commerce &amp; the portsmouth naval shipyard. i am so glad that its replacement… 
 : .'s #highered bill fails to support our service-members and will make higher education even more expensive. that i…
the next secretary must protect the va healthcare system from efforts to dismantle it. in august of last year, secr… 
although i secured fed funds in the past to support the dredging of hampton harbor, shoaling is making it impossibl… 
i signed the discharge petition to force a floor vote on legislation to protect special counsel mueller from being… 
the trump administration has failed to send our state the funding we need, and nh treatment &amp; recovery centers have… 
please read my op-ed on gun violence and prevention. the youth of america want change, and they won’t be ignored. t… 
our servicemembers are patriots. it is wrong to deny anyone with the courage to serve from joining or serving in ou… 
 yrs ago, president obama signed the #aca, which i helped write.   in new hampshire:  k gained insurance  .k a… 
our seacoast communities deserve to know how pfc contamination in groundwater supplies is impacting their health. i… 
the manchester vamc needs significant infrastructure investments. i am pleased the government spending bill we just… 
the omnibus will provide badly needed resources for our state’s efforts to turn the tide in the deadly opioid crisi… 
thank you vp biden for visiting the congressional blue collar caucus today! 
new hampshire treatment and recovery centers have waited long enough. new hampshire needs funding, not photo-ops.… 
withdrew from #parisagreement, ended #netneutrality, repealed #cleanpowerrule and  arbitration rule.  polit… 
i am heartbroken by the passing of my good friend and colleague louise slaughter. louise was brilliant and effectiv… 
congratulations to phillips exeter student vinjai vale, who just won th place in the #regeneronsts , a prestig… 
after rallying with young people who are calling for gun safety legislation, i spoke on the floor to call for chang… 
during #sunshineweek, it’s clear conflicts of interest are everywhere in this white house.  trump org projects und… 
this is a great day for russia, whose embassy praised the decision to end the hpsci investigation, &amp; a sad day for… 
some house republicans are looking for ways to sneak an online sales tax into the government spending bill. they sh… 
on #internationalwomensday, we celebrate all the incredible women who have fought for our rights, equal pay, &amp;… 
i am so pleased that the executive council voted unanimously today to hang a portrait of dudley in the statehouse s… 
i have been blessed to call dudley dudley a friend, and i have greatly admired her incredible public service and ac… 
five years ago, we successfully pressured congressional republicans to reauthorize a strong &amp; inclusive violence ag… 
 this well-deserved recognition highlights wiggin memorial library’s outstanding work connecting the… 
i founded the asthma and allergy caucus in  because congress needs to increase research. yesterday, i spoke at… 
thank you  for all you do for our veterans! i enjoyed our conversation about veterans' health care in nh.… 
i co-introduced a resolution today to reverse the fcc’s shameful repeal of #netneutrality. it has the support of … 
shirley chisholm, the first black woman elected to congress, was a fierce advocate for children and families. she t… 
yesterday, i joined many of my colleagues in wearing red to support the american heart association’s go red for wom… 
i voted no on #hr, which would place the burden of complying with the #ada on the victims of discrimination rath… 
children and families across the country rely on their leaders in congress for much more than thoughts and prayers.… 
and yet, they keep happening. every single week. this cannot continue—we need common sense laws to reduce gun viole… 
i am once again horrified and sickened by yet another massacre at an american school. this is at least the th sch… 
we need to know how many wh staffers are being allowed to view sensitive information without a permanent security c… 
tomorrow, the house will try to pass #hr, which would undermine the civil rights of people with disabilities. th… 
i agree! lobstering is such an important part of our seacoast economy, not to mention that lobsters are delicious!… 
it is unacceptable that a pollster is leading the white house’s efforts to combat the opioid crisis and ignoring im… 
the house just passed the strengthening protections for social security beneficiaries act of . this bipartisan… 
the family and medical leave act was enacted  years ago today! #fmla protections allow employees to take unpaid l… 
this was the right decision. i stand firmly behind nh's indonesian community, and my office will continue advocatin… 
i’m honored  will be my guest tonight at the #sotu. he is a passionate defender of government ethics rule… 
i have always admired ambassador eisen’s outstanding public service, and i am delighted that he will be my guest to… 
today is international holocaust remembrance day. we can never forget nazi atrocities. we are all morally obligated… 
this administration's response to the opioid crisis is pathetic. trump didn't even give his own commission feedback…  "this is another one of trump’s election year stunts to rile up his extreme right-wing base. trump cannot end the c… 
stay dry and drive safe! please pay attention to the #hiwx 
"we are honored to recognize and laud the rich history of filipino american contributions to hawaii and our great n… 
congress must come together and commit to end gun violence. we must rebuke and turn back any candidate or elected o… 
we must come together to end gun violence. no one should have access to military style assault rifles. our gun laws… 
we see what happens when trump and his enablers spew hate, promote violence and divide the country by faith, race,… 
our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. we stand with you during this difficult time. our… 
honored to participate in a panel  this evening discussing the work and times of #scotus justice ruth b… 
thank you, to the brave and hard working men and women of the   , police and all the first r… 
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone impacted by #yutu congress must come together to help the people of the… 
 : multiple agencies are providing support after #yutu. while we work with local officials to support their needs,  is assessin…
thank you,  and pastor rojo for meeting with our office and sharing your inspiring message of peace a… 
"we condemn these acts of terror. thankfully, the secret service, united states postal service and first responders… 
 : .'s words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. time &amp; time again, h…
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
we sent a letter to dni director daniel coats asking what the u.s. intelligence community knew about the kingdom of… 
 : after giving irresponsible, massive tax benefits to the wealthiest americans, republicans now want you to pay for them b…
icymi: what a performance! a beautiful rendition of the star-spangled banner by hawaii's own, willie k. have a grea… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
what signal does he send to autocratic rulers around the world like mbs &amp; vladimir putin when he continually questi… 
.'s praise for the assault of a  reporter and his continued characterization of journali… 
 : the president promised to repeal the aca and his administration has done everything in its power, including backing a l…
 : leading scientists: climate change could become irreversible by , causing extreme weather events, famines, and drou…
 : democrats are working to lower your health care costs and prescription drug prices.  republicans trying to take health…
 : republicans in congress spent the last two years trying to end protections for americans with pre-existing conditions.…
 : "the justice department told a federal court in june that it would no longer defend provisions in the affordable care act t…
 :  thanks to obamacare, americans with pre-existing conditions gained the peace of mind that comes with a…
they are using administrative rules to try and undermine the marketplace. this dishonest message is the result of t… 
yet another false statement by trump. trump's  filed a lawsuit to take away protections for people with pre-exi… 
trump's  pulled out of the paris agreement and is undermining environmental protections because they believe th… 
a recent study published by researchers at  &amp;  showed how the #cleanwateract fueled significa… 
 years ago, congress approved sweeping amendments to the federal water pollution control act of  to protect a… 
"the ten members of  with a gdp of $. trillion and  million citizens, comprise the fifth largest economy… 
 : . members write  to reconsider decision not to attend annual u.s.- and east #asia summits in singa…
the cost incurred by trump's tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations are projected to increase our deficit by $… 
we enjoyed spending time with the members of the western states council of sheet metal workers at their  fall c… 
today marks the th anniversary of the death of matthew shepard. we continue to fight to prevent hate crimes and a… 
 : democrats are fighting #forthepeople. , , and  lay out our plan to reduce health care…
 : on international #dayofthegirl, i find myself thinking about my granddaughter and the world in which she’ll grow up. i…
❤️ amen  everyone has the right to be who they are and love who they love. do you, be proud, and be… 
we must build upon the momentum of #metoo and the cultural awakening that continues to teach girls growing up that… 
education is the best investment we can make in our future and we must work together to create opportunities and em… 
we have come a long way in our fight for women's rights, but we still have to scrap for equal pay, control of our h… 
as we celebrate the #internationaldayofthegirl , let us remember that more than  million young women around… 
the average #socialsecurity monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger social security that reflects the real… 
. promised, “we will always protect americans with pre-existing conditions… that’s a major part of… 
president  promised that under  leadership, health care would be “a lot less expensive for you…… 
 : natural resources republicans have been working hard to keep gun lobbyists happy.  &amp; read our latest edition of #wastedresour…
 : the effects of air pollution are especially harmful to the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and low-income communit…
mahalo to the  for the opportunity to talk story with your members and guests this morning and for… 
despite this setback, we must remain engaged and active in our democratic process. it is essential to ensuring that… 
trump’s republican party now has their long awaited chance to turn back decades of progress to end discrimination,… 
judge kavanaugh supports the trump administration’s work to undermine the affordable care act, especially for ameri… 
in addition to the serious, credible criminal allegations against judge kavanaugh, trump’s republican party confirm… 
it matters who controls the senate and the house.  and it highlights the dire need to elect more democratic women.… 
a very sad day for the people. as the demographics of our country continue to change dramatically over the next … 
unfortunately, too many in trump’s  are enabling and embracing this type of behavior by their elected represent… 
 : like many americans,  is tired of watching republicans in washington refuse to stand up to the worst conduc…
 : the first republican tax bill was a hit-and-run job. with this second tax bill, republicans backed up and ran over wor…
 : “u.s. companies are putting savings from the corporate tax cut to use, but only a fraction of it is flowing to employees…
"as congress has previously put it, a judge or justice 'shall disqualify himself in any proceeding in which his imp… 
 : october is filipino american history month!  see photos of the #fahm event at the  where students from …
i urge my colleagues in the senate to quickly approve this bipartisan agreement to protect and preserve our nation’… 
over the past  years, nearly $ million from the #lwcf has been used to preserve and  protect the hawaii volcan… 
it is unfortunate that the land and water conservation fund expired but we are hopeful that the full senate will ap… 
 : our website is down and we are working to fix the problem. at am #walaka was located at .n .w moving n . max…
 : a #uscg hc- aircrew safely evacuated  fish and wildlife personnel off of johnston atoll ahead of #hurricanewalaka ye…
congratulations to the students, faculty, staff, &amp; parents at kalihi uka, mililani uka and pauoa elementary schools… 
it was an honor to participate in the aloha festivals floral parade this morning. mahalo to the organizers and volu… 
"it is encouraging that the congress, despite the partisan battles that dominate news coverage, is slowly returning… 
 : it’s unbelievable that republicans are leaving town with no plans to #savelwcf before it expires on sunday! this program protec…
proud to stand with my colleagues to support dr. ford and women everywhere. #believewomen #believesurvivors… 
this is the fifth bipartisan spending bill that we moved before the deadline and it is my sincere hope that we cont… 
#kavanaugh's conduct during this hearing clearly displays his lack of judicial temperament, a critical criteria for any jurist.
in addition to these very serious allegations of misconduct, let's not forget that #kavanaugh wants to do away with… 
 : far too few people are recognizing dr. ford’s sheer bravery in sharing her story today. that *must* not be overlooked. #be…
on average, native women make  cents on the dollar. we need #nativewomensequalpay, and we need #equity for native… 
 : we must #believesurvivors. i’m proud to stand with my democratic colleagues in support of dr. christine blasey ford. https…
 : tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on… 
 : congressional representatives around the country are showing their support for legislation to #fixourparks. see what …
our #publiclands are a major economic driver in hawai‘i and across the country. we can’t afford to lose the . mil… 
america’s most successful conservation program could expire on september th if congress fails to act this week. r… 
establishing a standard of care for #pregnantwomenincustody is a matter of human rights. proud to introduce legisla… 
mahalo to the students and faculty  for the opportunity to talk story with the members of the government… 
 : a year ago #hurricanemaria struck #puertorico with devastating fury.  we must do more to help our fellow americans reco…
the internet and social media have changed how innovators start small businesses. we must restore #netneutrality ru… 
proud to join  of my colleagues to call on the senate to delay any vote until a thorough investigation of the al… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. let’s not make the same mistake again – the senate must g… 
. must #postponethevote on brett #kavanaugh and conduct a thorough investigation of dr. christine blas… 
we had a great morning at the ilwu local , th statewide convention. mahalo for the opportunity to talk story w… 
mahalo to everyone who took the time to attend the #sheinnovates  with  &amp;  … 
great to be home in honolulu. looking forward to talking story this afternoon at #sheinnovates  w/… 
“the dire situation that our farmers and producers are currently experiencing as a result of recent disasters canno… 
 : paul ryan in : “borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity. today's deficits means tomorrow's tax increases…
this bipartisan spending bill is a solid compromise that includes critical funding for clean energy initiatives, ru… 
 : look forward to hear from  congresswoman representing hawaii's first congressional district at #sheinnovates ha…
 : thank you  for cosponsoring #hr the ending #marijuana prohibition act! click below to urge your rep to support t…
 : #oahu #olivia update : am september : crews will be closing honolulu bound right lane of pali highway near castle junc…
 : #oahu #olivia update  am september : our crews will be working to clear flood debris from h- eastbound at the kaahumanu…
 : hfo cancels flash flood warning for oahu in honolulu [hi] till : pm hst 
 : . officials have advised us that the water levels in nuuanu dam are not rising and that evacuations are not neede…
 : mahalo nui loa  for supporting a bill to permanently authorize land and water conservation fund. with less than…
the  lifeline program helped  million americans last year alone. affordable wireless service, especially for… 
 : hfo issues flash flood warning for oahu in honolulu [hi] till : pm hst 
 : hfo issues flash flood warning for oahu in honolulu [hi] till sep , : am hst 
 : #oahu #olivia  pm / update: northbound traffic on kamehameha highway near sunset elementary is being allowed past the do…
 : #olivia update for the state's commercial harbors: as of : p.m. land side operations have resumed at oahu, maui, molokai,…
 : hfo issues public information statement (pns) 
 :  pm september  update: #oahu #olivia iron wood tree blocking both sides of kamehameha highway near sunset elementary. #hi…
 : hfo issues areal flood advisory for hawaii in hawaii [hi] till : pm hst 
 : sharing this information again for those who may have missed it overnight.  
as we mark  years since the #september attacks, remember those we lost. honor the first responders who saved ev… 
 : animation of forecast precipitation totals tuesday am through thursday am.  significant impacts can be expected away from…
 : olivia is still moving to the west and has maintained its strength since the last update at :pm. 
please be ready for #olivia follow  &amp; visit  for #hiwx updates. 
 : hfo issues flash flood watch valid at sep , : pm hst for  counties/zones in [hi] till sep , : am hst https://t…
 : after enacting a deeply unpopular #goptaxscam that overwhelmingly benefits the top %, while leaving the middle class behind…
 : pm update: olivia has become a tropical storm. please keep in mind that the difference between a cat  and a ts is only …
parents of  students, icymi, please fill out the  impact aid surveys to help ensure hawai‘i receiv… 
 : am update: #olivia continues to slowly move westward toward the state. a wsw turn is anticipated later today continuing…
please be prepared for #olivia have a plan and pay attention to the news and weather updates.  visit… 
 : hurricane olivia has strengthened but remains a category  hurricane with sustained wind speeds of mph. …
best wishes and good luck to all the local boys chasing their  dream. have a great season! #nflkickoff
happy aloha friday! happy to be heading home to honolulu. have a great weekend!
 : the majority of americans want preexisting conditions protected, yet republicans continue to do everything in their pow…
"the collective stories of honouliuli, and the context in which it was built and operated, are invaluable lessons a… 
last year, the  voted to rip protections away from millions of americans with pre-existing conditions. now… 
trump, boxed in by federal probes, whose longtime attorney alleged is a unindicted co-conspirator of a federal crim… 
too few of judge kavanaugh's records are public. once again, trump and his gop do not believe in transparency and t… 
more than , people in #hawaii have pre-existing conditions and are at risk of losing their health insurance i… 
america’s economy thrives when our workers have the rights, protections and working conditions they deserve.… 
happy #alohafriday have a great weekend!
trump &amp; his  promised that corporations would use their new tax cuts to give working families a pay raise.… 
over % of democratic *and* republican voters oppose the fcc’s repeal of #netneutrality. with august recess windin… 
thank you, looking forward to a great discussion! 
 : #dreamers serve our country. why are house republicans working so hard to kick them out? 
schools need money for repairs, supplies, classes, raises for teachers &amp; stronger mental health services for studen… 
mahalo,   for approving this critical funding to refurbish and improve our airport infrastructure. 
. dedicated his life to serving our country. a brave soldier and public servant, he represented his s… 
congratulations to the   world champions from honolulu #hawaii what a performance! we are so proud of you.
let’s go #hawaii good luck boys! 🙏🏾 #llws 
congratulations to team #hawaii the  u.s. #llws champions! you represent our state and communities with so much… 
let’s go #hawaii best of luck to the boys and their families. we are so proud of you! #llws 
 : pm: #lane has weakened considerably through the day today thanks to strong shear near the islands. lane is now a tropical…
#hurricanelane is still a dangerous weather event. please monitor the #hiwx and pay attention to the news. follow… 
 : slow-moving lane is now a strong category  hurricane on track toward #oahu. get the latest update on #lane at https://…
 : p #oahuoutage update: brush fire near kahe power plant under control.  no threat to our power plant. crews on site wor…
 : breaking: brush fire behind ’ kahe power plant is shutting down both sides of farrington highway between ko…
 : parks remain closed today, with the closures extended to saturday. this is for all city park facilities including botan…
 : am: #lane is still creeping northward. a tropical storm watch has replaced the hurricane watch for kauai. conditions are…
 : here's a snapshot of boots on the ground in hawaii, where fema and other federal agencies are working with state &amp; local official…
 : county-by-county list of weather impacts from hurricane lane  #hurricanelane #hiwx #hawaii https…
 : a brown water advisory is in effect statewide due to hurricane #lane. not all coastal areas may be impacted by runoff, bu…
we must be prepared and aware of the latest #lane developments. #hurricanelane is a slow moving system and still a… 
 : keep your food safe during a power outage to avoid foodborne illness. key tips to remember ⬇️ . keep fridge &amp; freezer…
 : "the coast guard has three roles: to perform search and rescue, to reopen the ports as quickly as possible, and then respond to o…
 : #oahu #lane update : am / - crews responding to debris on likelike highway before kahekili highway. all other routes…
 : heavy rain from #lane causing large potholes. this is hwy  at mm  on #hawaiiisland. please be aware if you are on the ro…
 : . website showing honoapiilani highway southbound from lahaina to maalaea open. #maui #hitraffic
 : we are prepared, staged, and ready to respond. the last several days crews have been readying assets and staging in posi…
 : as #hurricanelane approaches, #fema reminds it's important to have your evacuation routes and listen to local officials.…
 : fema deputy regional administrator bill roche: "this is not a sprint, it's going to be a marathon. we've got a situation where th…
 :  am update: #hurricanelane has slowed moving north at  mph as rain bands will continue to overspread the hawaiian island…
 : due to the magnitude of hurricane, there will likely be power outages. please plan for it. we will do our best to restore…
 : remember to report your outage to --- or online at  so our crews are aware of your speci…
 : be ready for threats of #hurricanelane today into the weekend. potential continues for dangerous impacts. #hiwx https://t.…
 : am: #lane has slowed the a crawl this morning as is continues northward toward maui and honolulu counties. gusty winds ar…
 : #lane has turned to the north and will track closer to #hawaii throughout friday. the risk of life-threatening flash #…
 :  p.m. update: hurricane lane continues to inch north near  mph, and this general motion is expected to continue through fr…
 : news release: dot, hta advise travelers to have confirmed tickets for flights before heading to airports …
 :  aloha, please report your outage to --- or online at  so our crews are aware o…
 : #hawaiiisland hawaii county police dept: avoid saddle road in the area of the . mile marker above hilo due to a landslide…
 : #maui normal power is back on at kahului airport. operations are not impacted. passengers should continue to check with thei…
 : pm: #lane remains a dangerous category  storm as it slowly moves nnw. a tropical storm warning has replaced the hurrican…
 : for the latest on #hurricanelane, please follow , , and .   you can learn more about how you ca…
 : we've pre-staged food, water, generators, &amp; other commodities in hawaii to support emergency resource needs for hurricane #lane.…
 : hawaii: “ approved a federal emergency declaration which will allow us to bring direct federal assistance to bear in…
#hurricanelane is weakening but it is still a very dangerous storm and we must be prepared. have a plan in place. f… 
 : heads up: sirens will be sounding on oahu this afternoon to alert the public to the potential for flash flooding and damag…
just finished a call with      about #hurricanelane mahalo, for all you… 
 : rain, rain, and more rain! animation of forecast precipitation totals wed-sat afternoon. flooding &amp; landslides a big conce…
 : buoy  is right in #lane's path... the eye appears to be passing directly over the buoy now, as evident by the sharp d…
 : flash flood warning including hana hi, kipahulu hi until : am hst 
 : #maui #lane update as of : am /: hana highway on maui is passable; however blockages remain at mp  and .. hdot ke…
 : #hawaiiisland #lane update as of :am /: bayfront highway in hilo remains closed; highway  in honomu on hawaii island…
 : flash flood warning continues for hilo hi, volcano hi, honoka'a hi until : am hst 
 : hfo continues flash flood warning for hawaii in hawaii [hi] till : am hst 
 : hfo extends areal flood advisory for maui in maui [hi] till : am hst 
 : hurricane #lane is bringing dangerous storm surge and large amounts of rain as it passes near #hawaii, which means flood safety i…
 : for people with access &amp; functional needs like illness or disabilities &amp; their caregivers, #hurricane warnings can be par…
 : here's the latest track for hurricane #lane.  hurricane lane will bring life threatening conditions across hawaii through saturday…
 : key messages provided by the national hurricane center. hurricane lane update as it will pass dangerously close to the mai…
 : wondering if you live in a flood zone and may need to evacuate to a shelter? this interactive map can help. …
 : hurricane lane has degraded somewhat since the previous advisory as southwesterly shear impacts the cyclone.  radar has sh…
 : the declaration will help ensure that communities across #hawaii can access important federal funding and resources for eme…
 : presidential disaster declaration for #hawaii has been approved for #hurricanelane. earlier today, hawaii’s congressional d…
 : hurricane lane tracking north west and on course to pass very close to the islands thursday and friday.  visit https://t.c…
 : hawaiian humane society is a designated first responder assisting in disaster planning and response.  here's how they recommend…
congratulations to the #hawaii boys! we are so proud of your play and how you represent our communities, with aloha…   : no president can rip out parts of the u.s. constitution that they don't like. #birthrightcitizenship is a constitution…
. wants you to believe he will protect americans with pre-existing conditions. except, the… 
when women entrepreneurs succeed, america succeeds! happy #nwsbm!  get more information: .
-lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the hear… 
working hard or hardly working?   
so much for civility.   
"it happened in the next city to the east that’s comparable to us. it could have been us. it could have been any on… 
 : . (oh-) met with -year old, first-time homeowner, mrs. joyce mayne, to highlight the importance of afford…
did you know: nearly  people are the victims of physical abuse every minute in america? help #stopthesilence this… 
honored to participate in the grand opening of the .   this space will forever stand as a place to hono… 
hate will not win. it is up to all of us to call out and snuff out bigotry and intolerance.   
like many, i am extremely troubled and shaken by the entire ordeal. violence cannot be the answer. that is why i ca… 
after a distressing and disturbing week that saw multiple critics of the trump administration become the target of… 
i cannot think of a more fitting tribute to brave men and women in who answered the call to serve than the… 
principals prepare, motivate, inspire and impact the lives of students every day. #thankaprincipal  read my full na… 
wow. appalling. 
 : thanks to  for offering free bus fares on fixed-route and mainstream services for veterans and active-duty personn…
#didyouknow that nearly one million pregnancies ( in ) end in miscarriage, stillbirth, or experience fatal compli… 
lowering healthcare costs is priority # for . while  &amp;  continue to drive up co… 
newsflash: the  and  are working overtime to undermine protections for  million ameri… 
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
violence is not the answer! extremely troubled and shaken. political differences aside, we are all americans first.… 
#behindthescenes  usa! great community member and addition to canal winchester! #oh 
just say no to #trumpcuts .!   
sending prayers and well wishes to her and her family.   
.'s latest move will make americans with pre-existing conditions pay a lot more for their healthcar… 
 : the same thing is happening in illinois. in just the first  days after the disastrous #trumptariffs were announced, our…
get a #sneakpeek of the . opening day is october th! 
giving an update on central ohio mail delivery with ⁦⁩’s ⁦⁩. progress has been made, but more prog… 
watch now: central ohio veterans welcomed back home. #honorourheroes 
honored to help cut the ribbon on 's new mlk branch! 
. is failing our students. 
 : what a great day in #columbus — cutting the ribbon on the new mlk branch of !   …
the right to vote is not a “use it or lose it” proposition!   
more proof #trumptariffs are hurting ohio farmers.    
we need to #stopbullying. instead, let's celebrate diversity and inclusion!   read my full #bullyingpreventionmonth… 
 : excited for tomorrow's opening of the  branch opening dedicated to my father. enjoyed speaking with ohio…
 : do you believe in anti-bullying? interested in networking on capitol hill? join us / to help end bullying. it'll be the…
fact: #trumpcuts is exploding our deficit. -year high under !  
the fight to protect ,, people with pre-existing conditions and ,, newly insured americans is not… 
. &amp;  want to roll back student loan protections.  
 : if your vote didn’t matter, the  wouldn’t be working so hard to suppress it. #votingrights are the foundation of our…
fact: the #goptaxbill increased federal deficit by % to $ billion in less than one year. 
meet mary mayhew: the medicaid critic now responsible for running the program. #twothumbsdown  
this just in:  mcconnell admits he wants to cut social security, medicare, &amp; medicaid to pay for $.… 
commit to looking past perceived "disabilities" and work to empower all hardworking americans! #ndeam… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
it's simple: when women succeed, america succeeds!   powerful conversation this morning at the 's… 
 : womeninleadership  states that women need to be present in the room in order to have equality at the table a…
and you wonder why  is the self-professed "king of debt?!"  
 : ., , , , and  intervene on african deportation. https…
last week was #miaw, but the fight to #curestigma on mental health conditions isn't over!  read my full mental illn… 
then: "i will always fight for &amp; protect patients with pre-existing conditions." - , //  now… 
fact: real wages in ohio are lower under  than .   see for yourself now ⬇️⬇️  
fact: % of americans working full-time are living paycheck to paycheck.   read full report now ⬇️⬇️  
talking with press ahead of ’s ohio campaign rally today.   ohioans need to know the facts not more… 
instead of another ohio campaign rally,  &amp;  need to get back to work!   ohioans want good… 
 : we’d like to welcome congresswoman joyce beatty  to the stage, who will give remarks on behalf of the congressional…
 : we are proud to call  a strategic partner.  #elcgala #wearegreatertogether 
americans want high-quality, affordable healthcare! #forthepeople 
"on this international day of the girl, let us recommit to supporting every girl to develop her skills, enter the w… 
#didyouknow the average social security recipient gets $, per month? makes it tough for seniors to afford groce… 
 : thanks  and  for a great interview! this is a must listen for anyone interested in empowerment, div…
i am proud to help 'lead the way to the polls' on the st day of early voting in ohio. #yourvoteisyourvoice 
 : we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure our…
😁😁  
early voting is now open in ohio. save time and avoid the long lines. vote today! #yourvoiceyourvote  get more info… 
i strongly oppose any attempt at tearing central ohio mauritanian families apart and sending parents, grandparents,… 
fact:  &amp;  are driving up healthcare premiums for hardworking families nationwide.  
proud to see columbus score a "perfect " on 's lgbtq inclusion index! 👍👍  
joining  on air to talk about making sure more women not only have a seat at the table, but are lead… 
last chance to register to vote in ohio this november!  take  minutes to register now! #yourvoiceyourvote   
 : this week marks one year since the niger ambush that resulted in the death of four u.s. service members, including my consti…
 : as a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. it’s an oath i was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one th…
great morning breaking ground on motorists’ residences at topiary park! will make downtown columbus an even better… 
"kavanaugh's towering contempt for democrats on the judiciary committee further exposed him as a fierce partisan wh… 
 : thanks to  and  for supporting ohio's #stopschoolviolence grant application! this award will…
 : thank you, ⁦,⁩ for covering our new mini documentary about all that african americans and other marginalized commu…
"the notion of granting this person a lifetime of the power vested in a supreme court justice is appalling." - colu… 
can’t wait to welcome so many veterans, servicemembers, central ohioans, and fellow americans to the .… 
join me and #gopink this month and all year long. together, we can provide greater support and hope to more women a… 
 :          …
fact: #goptaxbill is forcing americans to pay more for their healthcare!   
be on the look out! 
hardworking families and middle-class americans aren't fooled by . we need real tax reform #forthepeople n… 
 : as co-chair of the , i believe financial planning is essential at every stage of life. this week, take so…
unbelievable  
i guess this *may* be a reason  wanted to hide his tax returns?   
 : missed meeting  in dc this year but had nice conversation with her senior l.a. chonya regarding important #card…
good news: central ohio leads list of emerging startup cities! #cbus  #oh  
fact: #goptaxbill . will explode the national debt by trillions of dollars.     
 : according to , % of workers who experience incivility on the job lost productivity worrying about the inc…
proud to join  to secure $, federal grant to make ohio’s schools safer places of learning.  g… 
happy th birthday, president carter! 
one year ago,  innocent americans were senselessly murdered and another + injured.   today and every day, let… 
fact: poverty rate has climbed to .% in  years since ohio implemented "welfare work requirements." even worse,… 
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
 now: we need to lower healthcare costs &amp; rx prices, end economic inequality, &amp; finally fix our broken immigratio… 
 : earlier today, cbc women , , and  led a march to the senate to protest the …
there is hope, help and resources are available, and recovery is possible. get more info now! #recoverymonth 
sitting in senate judiciary committee in solidarity with victims of sexual assault and harassment. #stopkavanaugh 
fact: #goptaxbill . will overwhelmingly reward the wealthiest americans over hardworking families and middle-clas… 
we’re members of the people’s house and we come to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves! #stopkavanaugh 
i am amazed and inspired by the bravery of our fellow americans speaking their truth and standing up against sexual assault and harassment.
 : the ⁦⁩ heading to ⁦⁦⁩ to tell him we have her back, and we’re not going back. …
 :  loves #creditunions as we helped her secure a loan when other financial institutions wouldn’t take the chance. sh…
help more newborns celebrate life's many milestones. encourage new families to complete a newborn screening. #nbs  
great meeting and chatting with  this morning! 
fact: despite  &amp;  promises, wage growth has ⏬  we need real tax reform #forthepeople, not… 
i don't know too many hardworking families and middle-class americans looking to buy a new jet, do you?!?   get mor… 
 : happy birthday,  (d-ny-)! the  graduate is a senior member of the  and the …
 : #tunein: the subcommittee on housing and insurance is holding a hearing entitled " report: ’s oversight of the a…
fact: social security and medicare will go insolvent sooner than expected because of #goptaxbill. version . = big… 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday, we must never forget how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to… 
 now: take  minutes today to register to #beavoter   get more info now on #nationalvoterregistrationday⬇️⬇️ 
welcome back to central ohio,  talisa dixon!  
on september , , sandra day o'connor became the st woman on the supreme court of the united states. #otd… 
 : awesome to have former retailer and congresswoman  visit the east columbus store to talk about much needed impro…
fact:  is diverting millions of $$ from cancer research, groundbreaking healthcare studies, and muc… 
only the best and brightest, right  and ?   
my staff is proud to #goblue for prostate cancer awareness month today and every day! 
 : sharing ’s words,  has the students repeat a new mantra: “you must believe yourself and allow your dream…
amazing morning with an amazing group of young girls! we need more high-flying women pilots, mathematicians, engine… 
apparently,  thinks keeping the government open for business is “ridiculous.”  fyi: what happened t… 
 : rumors of my demise may have only been slightly exaggerated, but i’m still here and you’re not done with me yet. thankful…
one more stop today at . great meeting and chatting with ashley! #oh #demsatwork 
stopped by  to get an update on their important work and see firsthand the difference they are making… 
 : #elcsnapshots the  congressional black caucus foundation (cbcf) reception on thursday, september , co-hosted with …
the american dream can come true at any age... just ask joyce mayne! thanks  for helping mrs. mayne buy… 
catching up with the good people at ! #oh 
i'm fighting hard in congress to ensure equal pay for all women, because when women succeed, america succeeds!  fin… 
proud to join in "welcome to ohio" week!   central ohio is a stronger and more vibrant community because of our new… 
happy st birthday, ! 
 : very exciting event tomorrow at  featuring  and our member agencies at , , and …
 : we love our alumna  !!! 
as a proud  graduate, i join hbcu students, faculty, parents, &amp; all americans in celebrating hbcus’… 
both professor ford &amp; judge kavanaugh should testify under oath before the senate judiciary committee!  
 : we're sending our best wishes to you both. here's to a speedy recovery, . 
starting this morning talking with ⁦⁩ about the power of labor, the vote and need for more opportunities for… 
fact: uninsured rate increasing for st time since passage of the affordable care act. that was in !… 
i am working hard to close the racial wealth gap and help more americans achieve financial success--not just for th… 
fact: since  signed st #goptaxbill into law, wages aren’t keeping up with inflation, healthcare co… 
help make american hunger-free! donate/volunteer at ,  or a number of other community… 
 : watching  stirred more fire within me and i'm so pumped to get some millennials registered to vote this weeken…
 : thanks  for sharing the  nfcs financial literacy quiz with #cbcfalc attendees. most americ…
i am working to make social security stronger for generations to come. it's an insurance program, not an entitlemen… 
watch live: my money matters #cbcfalc issues forum! am-pm.   important conversation on building wealth and se… 
star-studded lineup for my money matters #cbcfalc issues forum! thank you for joining us ,… 
 : congresswoman joyce beatty () will be speaking on a panel called “money, wealth and disparities: baby boomers t…
happy th birthday, spencer! grammy loves you! 
the  promised that the #goptaxbill would give workers a $, raise. that didn't happen, and their new “t… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. https…
honored to recognized by  with the  mlk leaders of democracy award! 
proud to join + members of congress and senators in making september "national voting rights month." we need mor… 
your #vote = your voice.   let it be heard this november and every election! 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
if the #goptaxbill was soooo amazing and life-changing, why did the  introduce version .?    more proof… 
proud to join in the celebration of 's upgraded mlk branch library!  
 years later. united we stand. we will #neverforget. 
 :  thank you for signing your name on the plate for the new  mlk branch 
central ohio's  helps moms and babies on path to recovery from opioid dependence.   
i strongly oppose 's policy of breaking apart central ohio families and sending parents, grandparen… 
i extend my warmest wishes to all those celebrating #roshhashannah. wishing you a happy and sweet new year! shanah tovah!
it's not very hard... unless you're !  
fact: for most hardworking americans, real wages have barely budged in over  years.   get more info now by readin… 
this #prostatecancerawarenessmonth and all year long,  join me in encouraging all men—especially those over  year… 
girl power!   
 : . pres. gerri walsh &amp; dr. gary mottola brief  members on the financial fragility of africa…
. are fighting for the rights of workers all across america. read our #forthepeople plan now! 
 : hbd,  (d-il-)! rep. davis serves on the . he’s a strong advocate for job creation, ending po…
 that happened  quarters under obama and it was greater than .%
 : #throwbackthursday among those joining us for last week’s grand opening of our new ohio distribution center were …
fact: americans are making less despite 's promise.  
i stand with families across the nation to fight the latest  attack on healthcare, as well as to ensure that al… 
important conversation with  and  on the importance of improving the financial well-being and… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
i am back in washington, making sure all americans are having their voices and concerns heard. americans deserve a… 
want to know #whatsatstake if #kavanaugh is confirmed? women's, lgbtq+, workers', voters’, immigrants' rights &amp; so… 
 : #happeningnow: the subcommittee on housing and insurance is holding a hearing entitled "the cost of regulation on affordable m…
taking time today to assemble care packages with  for deployed military families. #giveback 
fact: %+ americans support protections for pre-exisitng conditions.   i guess  and  neve… 
the  finds former administrator  unnecessarily spent millions of dollars on lavish security.   bu… 
instead of using taxpayer $$ to arm teachers, maybe  should help teachers purchase some of their schoo… 
america should have the best roads, bridges &amp; waterways in the world. it’s time to make it happen. … 
 : . (oh-) spoke with healthcare executives, community leaders, and stakeholders about the future of healthcar…
 : "democracy is a conversation. quality of conversation matters. incivility limits public involvement in politics and is a…
 : heat closing columbus schools early agan 
americans deserve to know brett kavanaugh’s full record!   now if you agree!  
fact: america’s economy is at its strongest when our workers have the rights &amp; working conditions they deserve.… 
happy #laborday to all of the hard workers across america! 
but we can afford a budget-busting $,,,, tax break overwhelmingly benefiting the wealthiest americans.… 
 years ago today, dr. guion bluford, jr. became the first african-american in space. #otd 
heartbreaking stories like this are all too common. on #internationaloverdoseawarenessday, let’s recommit ourselves… 
the ,  &amp;  remain hell-bent on stropping healthcare from millions of newly-insure… 
 : congratulations to comto columbus for an outstanding th annual scholarship luncheon honoring lewis smoot, sr. of smoot co…
i stand with  in fighting to ensure every american’s vote is respected, protected, and counted.… 
no wonder  and  worked so hard to pass the #goptaxbill!   
beginning the day by joining  for the grand opening of their new ics distribution center in lockborn… 
great conversation on increasing diversity alongside  ceo todd penegor. #diversitymatters  we can’t go back to the time when being a woman was pre-existing condition. instead of president trump’s attempts t… 
there’s no place in the exam room for politics. that why i’m fighting to make sure the government doesn’t interfere… 
my job is to serve you, regardless of politics, and make a positive impact in people’s lives. see my new special re… 
serving you is what making government work for sacramento county is all about. staff is holding its next office hou… 
hatred and bigotry have no place in america. my heart goes out to the victims, their families, our heroic first res… 
don't forget - today is national prescription drug take back day! please see where you can drop off your unused or… 
the opioid epidemic is impacting thousands of communities and too many americans have lost their lives from opioid… 
if you’re uninsured or would like a plan that works better for you, covered california may be able to help. you can… 
you don’t need to be a doctor to know that gutting the affordable care act is wrong. that would kick millions off t… 
"my son just turned . i am back on my feet with a great job where i’ve been for the past year and a half. life hap… 
"i know without the aca, i probably would have incurred huge medical bills that i’d still be paying off." /
"i am a college educated, tax paying, productive member of society…but sometimes, even when you plan ahead, life th… 
"during the incredibly stressful time of preparing for the baby, losing my only source of income, and trying to fin… 
“when i lost my job  months pregnant with my first child, the aca was the only affordable option available to me." /
thread: elizabeth from sacramento shared her affordable care act story with my office. i’d like to share it with yo… 
president trump’s relentless push to gut protections for those with preexisting conditions is wrong. washington sho… 
rail manufacturers like siemens  support thousands of good-paying jobs in our community. it was great to visit and… 
 : thanks to rep. ami bera for visiting sutter home vineyards in sacramento county to discuss the status of harvest and pote…
great to meet with mira loma high school’s future business leaders today.  supporting the next generation of entrep… 
thank you to sutter home and the sacramento county farm bureau for a tour of your vineyards today! it was great to… 
as a doctor, i took an oath to do good and do no harm. the affordable care act isn’t perfect, but  million americ… 
code for folsom is a fantastic two-day cybersecurity bootcamp for young students. thank you to intel for sponsoring… 
i just got my flu shot at walgreens. the flu is a very serious disease and it’s incredibly important we protect the… 
millions of americans have health care thanks to the affordable care act’s medicaid expansion – including families,… 
i wanted to share some great news:   as of today, my office has officially helped more than , constituents in… 
as a doctor, i took an oath to do good and do no harm. president trump’s relentless push to gut the affordable care… 
thank you starbucks for a great opportunity to serve customers! i now know how to make a mean pumpkin spice latte.… 
need help? my staff is hosting new office hours at the arden dimick library tomorrow from : am to noon to help… 
great to spend yesterday with california veterans at the th anniversary the ca vietnam veterans memorial.  thank… 
sacramento’s take back the night is about standing with women. i’m proud to support organizations like planned pare… 
great to stop by consumnes fire station  today!   first responders like officer schamber protect our communities… 
this morning i judged the wilton community fair’s rooster crow contest! thanks to all who came out to this wonderfu… 
we have a choice. instead of gutting the affordable care act and supporting a huge tax giveaway to billionaires, we… 
seniors rely on medicare and social security and they’ve paid into these programs their entire lives. we should hon… 
 : "women deserve lives where they can get an education and live free from violence and forced marriage. the u.s. helps thousands of…
love is love. #nationalcomingoutday 
so many americans rely on the affordable care act’s protections. we cannot take these benefits away. it’s time cong… 
“after the affordable care act, i cannot recall the last [charity case] because it has been so long since we had to… 
“it was a terrible feeling trying to cram everything she would need to know over the next  months into  visits. t… 
"i recall a woman who had a terrible fracture to her leg, compound and comminuted, non-weight bearing post op x –… 
she wrote to me: “we used to have patients who had no insurance, but needed home care. we took them as charity cases.” #protectourcare /
one of my constituents, tracy, lives in carmichael and works for a local home health and hospice provider. i wanted… 
instead of more partisan games, we need to fix what isn’t working in health care and make it better:… 
right now dozens of volunteers in rancho cordova are planting trees across the community. it was great being with y… 
great to be with carver high school this morning planting trees all across rancho cordova!   giving back to the com… 
today is national manufacturing day!  thank you to manager tim schaefer for a great tour of ceratzit in rancho cord… 
today we officially opened the mather heritage trail in rancho cordova! this bike-path and walkway is a fantastic a… 
this is domestic violence awareness month. if you or someone you know needs help, please call the national domestic… 
a woman’s right to make her own health decisions is one of the most personal individual liberties. #protectourcare 
on this day in , supreme court justice thurgood marshall swore his oath to begin serving on the court. we must… 
one year ago today,  people tragically lost their lives in las vegas. as we remember the victims of yet another m… 
as a doctor who’s cared for many seniors, i’m committed to honoring the promises we’ve made to our parents and gran… 
my office has now helped nearly , local veterans and servicemembers – and we’d be honored to help you, too. ple… 
congress is broken. that’s why the problem solvers caucus unveiled a plan to break the gridlock. this set of reform… 
instead of gutting the affordable care act - kicking millions off their health care w/ skyrocketing costs- we need… 
president trump’s relentless push to gut the affordable care act is wrong – it hurts women and families. going back… 
when you talk with doctors, the message is pretty simple: women should make their own health care decisions – and w… 
the affordable care act’s patient’s bill of rights began taking effect eight years ago today. it’s time to fix the… 
thank you to st. mark’s united methodist and reverend jones for hosting rep. jim clyburn in sacramento today. it wa… 
the patient’s bill of rights went into effect eight years ago today, giving patients crucial new protections. gutti… 
thank you to the elk grove american legion post  for hosting their pow-mia recognition day.   to all those who s… 
we owe first responders our full support, especially when they face higher rates of suicide. that’s why i introduce… 
on this day in , president lincoln issued a preliminary version of the emancipation proclamation – which began… 
calling all future programmers and app developers! we’re inviting sacramento county middle school and high school s… 
recently i introduced a new bill – the hero act – to make mental health counseling and resources more available for… 
today, we commemorate national prisoner of war and missing in action recognition day. we must never forget all who… 
president trump is relentlessly pushing to gut the affordable care act – and that can’t be allowed to happen. this… 
when americans are in danger, it’s the job of the federal government to keep everyone safe. one year after hurrican… 
washington politicians like president trump have no place in the exam room. a woman’s right to make her own health… 
eight years ago today, president obama repealed the discriminatory policy of “don’t ask, don’t tell.” we must conti… 
police officers, firefighters, and first responders have higher rates of suicide. that’s why i introduced the hero… 
health care isn’t about politics – it’s about people. instead of kicking families off their health care and driving… 
don't forget - my office is hosting a service academy information night this evening to help local young people nav… 
alzheimer’s disease remains one of the leading causes of death in america. my office is hosting its rd annual brai… 
every year, i’m privileged to nominate bright and hardworking students to attend our nation’s military service acad… 
in case you missed it: this past labor day, i joined local unions and the afl-cio at sacramento loaves and fishes.… 
 years ago today the klu klux klan bombed the th street baptist church in birmingham. let us remember the  bri… 
pres. trump is pushing to gut the affordable care act – which would kick millions off their insurance &amp; drive up co… 
the violence against women act became law  years ago today. one of my first acts in congress was voting to reauth… 
the violence against women act became law  years ago today. no woman or family should have to live in fear or abu… 
 years ago today, dr. mae jemison became the first african american woman to go into space. as the ranking member… 
may we never forget those who were lost  years ago. my thoughts continue to be with the victims’ families and our… 
september is national suicide prevention month.  the hero act encourages mental health awareness and provides more… 
today we unveiled the helping emergency responders overcome (hero) act.  thank you to police chief hahn, fire chief… 
great news: my amendment to help college students passed the house. this will ensure students who take loans are gi… 
as a doctor, i strongly believe a woman’s health care decisions are between her and her doctor. a woman’s right to… 
we know that roe v. wade continues to be in serious jeopardy. we must double down to protect a woman’s right to mak… 
the best way to celebrate #laborday is to push solutions that help workers get higher wages: rebuild our infrastruc… 
great to start this #laborday at sacramento loaves &amp; fishes. thank you to all who came out today! 
on this international overdose awareness day, we’re reminded of how the opioid crisis is continuing to take thousan… 
yesterday i spoke with dozens of  medical students. their biggest concern was college affordability.  we ne… 
thank you to the students at  medical school for a great talk about the future of medicine! it was great to… 
 years ago today, martin luther king made his “i have a dream” speech at the march on washington for jobs and fre… 
my staff will be at the sylvan oaks library tomorrow from : am to noon to help you with backlogged veterans' be… 
today is a very sad day. this nation has lost a true american hero. please keep the mccain family in your prayers. 
my thoughts and best wishes are with senator mccain and his family today, a true american hero.
can you find old or expired prescription drugs in your medicine cabinet? chances are someone else could stumble ont… 
as a doctor, i know gutting the affordable care act would kick millions off their health care &amp; drive up costs. no… 
 years ago today, women were guaranteed the right to vote with the th amendment. although we’ve made progress,… 
i oppose delta tunnels because it’s a flawed plan that’s too expensive. we shouldn’t prioritize one side of delta o… 
one year ago i voted for the biggest update to gi bill in  years – which is now law. this landmark legislation wi… 
like so many of you, i’m very concerned about the wildfires burning in ca. sent out an email update with resources… 
president trump wants to gut the affordable care act and kick millions of people off their insurance. that’s wrong.… 
my thoughts are with the family of battalion chief matthew burchett, who  tragically lost his life while battling t… 
on this day in , president franklin roosevelt signed social security into law. we need to honor this bedrock pr… 
need help? my staff will be at the franklin library on tuesday from : am to noon to help you with backlogged ve… 
president trump is trying to weaken protections for people with pre-existing conditions. instead of sabotaging our… 
attacks on california’s environment &amp; our local economy must stop. our public lands are a national treasure.  sacbe… 
need help? my staff will be at the rancho cordova library on tuesday from : am to noon to help you with backlog… 
thanks to everyone who made it to my town hall in elk grove this week! listening to you is my most important job -… 
happy birthday president obama! 
unacceptable. california has fought for years to reduce our emissions to improve public health, save consumers mone… 
i’m holding a town hall tomorrow in elk grove! please make sure to rsvp today – space is limited:… 
i’m holding a town hall this week to hear directly from you and to answer your questions. listening to you is my mo… 
thank you to all the firefighters and first responders working around the clock to keep our communities safe. 
need help? my staff will be at the southgate library on tuesday from am to noon to help with social security and… 
to my wonderful summer interns in sacramento and washington, happy #nationalinternday! 
 : thank you for your support  ! 
great to see ambassador  this morning. thank you for your service.  the u.s. must always stand by our diplom… 
a woman’s health decisions must remain between her and her doctor. but roe v. wade, the landmark supreme court ruli… 
remember - our rivers are beautiful, but they can also be very dangerous. as a doctor, i urge those in sacramento c… 
as a doctor, i believe women’s health care decisions are between her and her doctor — not washington politicians.… 
as a doctor, i strongly believe a woman’s health decisions are between her and her doctor. but president trump nomi… 
instead of kicking millions off their health care by repealing the affordable care act, we need real solutions. see… 
need help? my staff will be at the folsom library on tuesday from : am to noon to help you with backlogged vete… 
meet shellie – one of the over , people my office has now helped. we’re here to help with backlogged veterans’… 
please always feel free to call us at () - or visit  to learn more. / [end]  pho… 
i’m pleased to share some of their stories here so you can see how we may be able to help you, too. /
my office has now helped more than , people right here in sacramento county – including nearly , veterans and servicemembers. /
as a doctor who has helped care for veterans, i know how much our vets sacrifice for our country – it’s so importan… 
it turned out that while sal was approved for his back pay, the va had never actually sent his benefits.   my offic… 
as the bills mounted, sal contacted my office to help with his va disability claim – we got right to work. /
during his second treatment period, the va had not yet provided sal with his back-pay benefits, adding to his stress. /
unfortunately, sal later received tests that his cancer had returned. it was a very stressful time for sal and his finances. /
he decided to use his department of veterans affairs benefits to pay for his medicine and started responding positively to treatment. /
sal was diagnosed with prostate cancer related to his exposure to agent orange. /
meet sal. sal is a carmichael native and an army veteran who served during the vietnam war. / 
please always feel free to call us at () - or visit  to learn more. / [end]
i’m pleased to share some of their stories here so you can see how we may be able to help you, too. /
my office has now helped more than , people right here in sacramento county – including nearly , veterans and servicemembers. /
it was the least my staff and i could do after virgilio’s service to our country. /
with our help, he began receiving his benefits within a few weeks -- including the tens of thousands of dollars in… 
that’s when he contacted my office for help.  /
during this time he repeatedly contacted the va and was told to wait as the bill piled up. /
but for two years, virgilio did not receive the disability benefits he’d been promised by the department of veterans affairs. /
meet virgilio. after serving his country in the air force for more than  years on active duty and in reserve, vir… 
need help? my staff will be at the elk grove library on tuesday from : am to noon to help with backlogged veter… 
i was glad to vote for a bipartisan budget that helps sacramento’s infrastructure. these funds will strengthen our… 
meet corey – a local veteran and one of the over , people my office has now helped. we’re here to help with ba… 
had a fantastic time at the folsom rodeo last night. happy fourth of july everyone! 
happy #independenceday! #fourthofjuly 
we’d be honored to help you too. please call us at () - or visit . 
please always feel free to call us at () - or visit  to learn more. / [end]
i’m pleased to share some of their stories here so you can see how we may be able to help you, too. /
my office has now helped more than , people right here in sacramento county – that includes helping , resi… 
rob asked my office that when we shared his story, that we share his advice: “don’t be afraid to call your represen… 
within a few weeks, we were able to help rob and his wife get a medicare exemption so their policy could be reinstated. /
then rob called my office, and my staff got to work. /
they worried that they’d have to pay for their medications with credit cards, piling up debts that’d place their wh… 
they were told their insurance policy could not be reinstated, and that they’d have to wait several months to get their coverage back. /
but then rob and his wife received a cancellation notice. it turned out his insurance company was checking the wron… 
he called his insurance agent repeatedly, and was assured he’d paid in full. /
they paid for a private insurance plan to supplement their medicare coverage. but rob began to receive notices from… 
meet rob. rob and his wife have lived in the sacramento area since . their medicare supplemental insurance was… 
need help? my staff will be at the carmichael library on tuesday from : am to noon to help you with social secu… 
alzheimer's disease impacts far too many american families. as alzheimer's &amp; brain awareness month comes to a close… 
please always feel free to call us at () - or visit  to learn more.  / [end]
i’m pleased to share some of the stories of the folks we’ve helped here so you can see how we may be able to help you, too. /
my office has now helped more than , people right here in sacramento county. we’ve also helped return nearly $… 
after  long years of seeking assistance with his immigration case, jon said he really appreciated my team’s fast… 
my office worked quickly to schedule jon an interview with immigration services in sacramento, and just a few month… 
then jon contacted my office hoping we could inquire about the ongoing delays and help him get the stability he des… 
the uncertainty began to take a toll, and he couldn’t devote himself as fully as he wanted to to his business. /
unfortunately, even though he had been in the country legally for years, jon kept having one delay after another getting his green card. /
meet jon. he came to the u.s. in  to pursue the american dream and start his own small business. he did just th… 
please always feel free to call us at () - or visit  to learn more.  /
i’m pleased to share some of the stories of the folks we’ve helped here so you can see how we may be able to help you, too. /
my office has now helped more than , people right here in sacramento county. we’ve also helped return nearly $… 
my staff is here to help constituents in their time of need, and i am glad we could help courtney and her family. /
we worked with the state department to expedite courtney’s case and she received her passports just two days later.… 
we followed up with the state department and learned a mistake was made processing courtney’s request. /
after hearing courtney’s story, my office got right to work.  /
needless to say, it was an emotional time for her family. /
she had earlier applied for new passports, but now she needed them much more quickly to go on her trip and she was… 
courtney’s grandmother had sadly passed away in canada and she wanted to take her infant daughter along to attend the funeral. /
meet courtney. she lives in folsom with her young family and came to my office looking for help. / 
women seeking answers about their health should be able to receive accurate, unbiased medical information and couns… 
as a doctor, i took an oath to empower patients to make the best health care decisions for their own personal circu… 
great news! my office has now helped more than , people right here in sacramento county. meet some of the peop… 
if you or someone you know needs assistance with backlogged veterans’ benefits, social security or medicare, stalle… 
great news — as of late june my office has now helped over , sacramento county residents! whether it’s helping… 
need help? my staff will be at the arden dimick library on tuesday from : am to noon to help you with social se… 
congratulations to three sacramento county residents – marion, isabelle, and nikhil! they earned the congressional… 
the trump administration implemented an immigration policy that separated undocumented children &amp; parents. this was… 
i’m pleased to share great news: my office has now helped more than ,  people in sac county! we’ve also helped… 
today i joined my colleagues to call on the trump administration to stop its heartless immigration policy of separa… 
i joined many of my colleagues to introduce the keep families together act to stop the trump administration from se… 
the trump administration’s heartless immigration policy does not align with the values we hold as a country. the ke… 
president trump is pushing a new rule for women's health funding. this “gag rule” threatens access to safe, effecti… 
need help? my staff will be at the sylvan oaks library on tuesday from : am to noon to help with veterans’ bene…  as the co-chair of the congressional dyslexia caucus, i look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to en… 
by recognizing october as #dyslexiaawarenessmonth, we can raise awareness and focus more attention on how to best i… 
we need a democracy that is #forthepeople, not one that is being manipulated by wealthy special interests. that’s w… 
proud to receive % score from  for my work on lgbtq equality! i'll continue to fight for equal rights for al… 
i am absolutely sickened by the act of terror we saw in pittsburgh this morning. my heart aches for the victims and… 
find a disposal location here: 
today is national prescription drug take-back day! disposing of old or expired prescription drugs can help prevent… 
i'm pleased to announce  will receive these grants, which will not only allow them to partner w/… 
we build stronger communities and a stronger economy when we ensure that everyone has the opportunity to obtain a h… 
as a member of  , i will continue to fight for investments that will help address the growi… 
last week, i had the pleasure of speaking at the  summit to discuss why we must make real and significan… 
in congress, i will continue to work #forthepeople to protect the benefits that hard-working americans have spent a lifetime earning.
the #goptaxscam was a giveaway to wealthy special interests that exploded our debt and deficits. now republicans ar… 
last week i was honored to join oxnard resident &amp; #medalofhonor recipient sgt. maj canley &amp; his family at pentagon… 
i am pleased to announce that  will receive this grant to help support their existing child care prog… 
join me on facebook to learn more about how i am fighting for ventura county’s priorities in congress:… 
today is the last day you can register to vote. if you’re eligible to vote, register today to make sure your voice… 
in congress, i will continue to fight for women’s rights – from ending the gender wage gap to protecting the right… 
i am proud to announce that i have received a % score from the  congressional voting record for m… 
from #goptaxscam to attack on protections for pre-existing conditions, potus &amp; congressional gop are undermining ac… 
roberto’s unparalleled vision, leadership, and desire to bring quality and affordable healthcare to the residents o… 
it was such a pleasure to recently honor and celebrate roberto juarez and his  years of outstanding service to… 
to learn more, visit:  #breastcancerawarenessmonth
 in  women in the u.s. will be diagnosed with breast cancer in her lifetime. on national mammography day, i want… 
i have had the great privilege to get to know #medalofhonor recipient and ventura county resident sergeant major jo… 
i had the pleasure of joining the knights of columbus in oxnard for their annual civic night last week to honor the… 
#thing to remember this #dvam is that we all play a role in raising awareness about domestic violence &amp; helpin… 
today, i had privilege to join oxnard’s sgt. maj john canley &amp; his family at the white house as he received medal o… 
so honored to be present when oxnard’s sgt. major john canley received the medal of honor. 
today at  p.m. pt, ventura county’s own sergeant major john canley will receive the prestigious medal of honor – t… 
i'm pleased to announce that  will receive this much-needed funding that will help our local, small f… 
this #vacantva is an insult to all of our nation’s heroes, and i will continue to fight in congress to ensure va ha… 
president trump must focus on identifying, properly vetting, and appointing a permanent leader at the veterans heal… 
the va has recently established a commission find to a permanent undersecretary for health – the th of its kind in… 
. has issued a red flag warning for our area, due to strong winds that bring the potential for wildfires. i urg… 
i want to express my deepest gratitude and sorrow to the families of these firefighters. their sacrifices will neve… 
a ceremony was recently held in the u.s. capitol to honor the brave firefighters who made the ultimate sacrifice to… 
attention ventura county residents! open enrollment for health insurance through  begins today. make sure… 
are you a high school or middle school student with a great idea for an app? the congressional app challenge for ca… 
i will continue to work in congress to support nbvc and ensure that all our men and women in uniform have the resou… 
happy birthday to the u.s. navy! as the proud representative of naval base ventura county (nbvc), i want to express… 
looking to honor an important person or organization? commemorate them or a special occasion by having a flag flown… 
if you need assistance with a federal agency, please call my district office at () -. since , my offi… 
#paygap update: the latest data from the census bureau says women still make  cents for every dollar a man makes.… 
while what happened today is incredibly disheartening, i still believe that the arc of the universe bends toward ju… 
today is dark day for america &amp; history will not look kindly on this moment. let me say to every survivor of sexual… 
there is more that congress can do to support domestic manufacturing jobs, which is why i support legislation like… 
on #mfgday, i want to take the time to recognize &amp; celebrate all the manufacturing workers in ventura county &amp; ac… 
happy th anniversary to the national trails system this week. celebrate by visiting one of the many beautiful &amp; s… 
vets who are in crisis or are having thoughts of suicide &amp; those who know a vet in need, can call veterans crisis l… 
the #vacantva must prioritize filling the thousands of staff vacancies, especially for mental health professionals,… 
while we are making some progress, the fact remains that  veterans commit suicide every day and the suicide rate… 
at last week’s house veterans’ affairs committee hearing, we discussed ways in which we can raise awareness and bet… 
i am happy to announce that  has awarded  and  more than $, to help local sch… 
every year, from september th to october th, we come together to celebrate #hispanicheritagemonth. please join… 
inhumane &amp; unconstitutional horrors inflicted on innocent children by pres. trump’s cruel policy cannot be undone &amp;… 
it includes legislation i co-authored to ensure that va’s peer-to-peer counselling program has enough female peer c… 
opioid addiction is cutting lives short &amp; tearing families &amp; communities apart. last week, i was proud to vote for… 
i remain committed to fighting for stronger gun safety laws so that no more lives are lost to senseless violence. #october #vegasstrong
my heart is w/ friends &amp; families of those who were lost  yr ago during shooting in las vegas — including ventura… 
today marks  years since the hyde amendment was first passed in congress. i remain committed to repealing coverag… 
on gold star mother’s and family’s day, we take a moment to honor all families who have lost a loved one in service… 
this national #cleanenergyweek, i vow to continue working in congress to move our country forward by fighting for s… 
 in  people in ventura county struggle with hunger. during #hungeractionmonth i stand with . in a nat… 
 : sgt. maj. john canley will become the th marine to be awarded the medal of honor.  as a gunnery sergeant during the vietnam wa…
our democracy depends on checks &amp; balances &amp; it's critical federal judge ruled that our lawsuit against president c… 
on ca native american day, we celebrate &amp; honor the historic &amp; cultural contributions ca native americans have made… 
read my statement here ⬇️
the #taxscam . that house gop pushed through today once again proves that lining the pockets of the % is their t… 
that's why i marched with my democratic colleagues today to call on senator mcconnell to pause these proceedings un… 
the highest court in the land deserves the highest caliber of justice. it's an affront to every survivor of sexual… 
we need the truth now. women and girls around the world are watching, and we need to show them that we support survivors and #believewomen.
i joined many of my friends and colleagues to deliver a letter to senator mcconnell urging him to postpone any proc… 
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
read my statement on the bill here: 
today, i voted to support the new federal funding bill because it invests in ventura county’s priorities, including… 
today, the house passed the house-senate faa authorization agreement. here’s why i was proud to support this bill ⬇️ 
as member of  , i've been fighting for passage of disaster recovery reform act to better pr… 
read more here: 
i've heard from many of my constituents about how airplane noise in our district is disrupting their daily lives. i… 
i'm pleased house passed bipartisan bill to extend critical veterans programs, including child care pilot program,… 
happy #nationalvoterregistrationday! if you’re eligible to vote, register today to make sure your voice is heard.… 
it was my great honor to have him attend #sotu with me this year, which fell on the -year anniversary of the star… 
sgt. major john canley of oxnard embodies true definition of american hero. he served our country for  years &amp; to… 
by helping local governments meet housing and community development needs, these grants play a critical role in imp… 
i am pleased to announce more than $ million in federal grant funding for community development, homelessness, and… 
today, and every day, i stand with women who have been ignored for far too long. survivors should be able to tell t… 
learn more, here: 
today, schools across the country will begin #startwithhello week, a  initiative that trains students to… 
in ventura county, we're fortunate to be surrounded by gorgeous public spaces. celebrate #nationalpubliclandsday wi… 
read more about captain huberth here: 
i cannot even begin to fathom the pain his family continues to experience after nearly  years without a resolutio… 
today on national pow/mia recognition day, we come together as a nation and pay our respects to the brave men and w… 
i look forward to continuing to work together to end this epidemic and fight for funding that supports both housing… 
this week, i had the honor of meeting with veterans service organizations and  &amp;  to dis… 
now,  states and the district of columbia have their own biliteracy seal programs. i look forward to continuing t… 
i had the pleasure of working with them while i was in the california assembly to establish the first statewide bil… 
this week, i had the pleasure meeting with members of californians together to discuss the importance of biliteracy… 
in congress, i will continue to fight against trump’s discriminatory transgender troop ban and ensure that every am… 
 years ago today, “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy ended. while we’ve come a long way since this policy was repealed… 
in congress, i will continue to fight to ensure our local businesses can thrive, because when they succeed, ventura… 
local manufacturers play an integral role in ventura county’s diverse economy. through their innovative products, s… 
i am proud to be a member of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus and join over  of my colleagues in congress to fig… 
visiting washington, dc? my office can help arrange tours of some of our nation’s most historic landmarks. if you h… 
it is imperative that our local law enforcement agencies have tools &amp; personnel they need to keep our communities s… 
we can never forget that this sacred document starts with “we the people” -- a reminder that our government is abou… 
on the st anniversary of the signing of our u.s. constitution, we take a moment to reflect on and celebrate the… 
for more information or to rsvp, visit:​ ​
reminder: tomorrow, september  at  p.m. in the adolfo camarillo high school library, i am hosting an information… 
i am pleased to announce that chabad of camarillo will receive a $, grant to help young people in camarillo m… 
the consideration of a lifetime appointment to the supreme court is not something to hastily rush through.
these accusations about judge kavanaugh are incredibly serious. survivors deserve to be supported when they come fo… 
by weakening the epa’s methane pollution standards, the trump administration is putting the oil and gas industry ah… 
for more information and resources on how you can #bethere for a veteran, visit the veterans crisis line: .
during suicide prevention week, i want to shed light on heartbreaking fact that every day  vets commit suicide. w… 
this funding will help ensure that young ppl across the country, including in ventura county, can take internship o… 
as a proud supporter of the house intern pay act, i am pleased to announce that congress passed legislation yesterd… 
all these investments will play a pivotal role in fueling job growth in ventura county, which is good for residents and businesses alike.
the funding for naval base ventura county will support the construction of three new facilities, which are critical… 
the port of hueneme, channel islands harbor, and ventura harbor are critical engines of our economy here in ventura… 
since coming to congress, i've worked side by side w/ local leaders to bring add'l funding for ventura county's por… 
parents shouldn’t have to choose between quality child care and economic security. that’s why i support the child c… 
in congress, i will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure the va is adequately funded so that our nation’s… 
while i am disappointed that congress has not agreed to funding for the va mission act, i am hopeful that we can wo… 
the va funding bill that passed yesterday expands support for our nation’s vets &amp; will help improve va infrastructu… 
since , #vawa has provided critical protections for survivors of domestic violence &amp; sexual assault. today, on… 
for more information or to rsvp, visit .
reminder: / at  p.m. at foothill technology hs, and / at  p.m. at pacifica hs, i'm hosting next two in a se… 
the families of the victims of the metrolink crash continue to be in my thoughts, and i will keep working in congre… 
ptc systems help prevent collisions and derailments, and this funding will directly contribute to the improved perf… 
i am pleased to see  receive federal grant funding to upgrade its positive train control (ptc) system in… 
as a nation, we will always stand with you and ensure that the memories of you and your loved ones will live on.
today, we also honor the countless first responders, firefighters, police officers, and other emergency personnel w… 
this is a constant reminder of all the young lives that were lost that day and all the potential that was stolen by this act of terror.
in , i was honored to join students, faculty &amp; admin  in oxnard to raise a u.s. flag in the school… 
today, we remember those who lost their lives on september th and whose memories will never be forgotten. 
agriculture plays critical role in our economy and this grant will help ensure our local agricultural producers can… 
i'm pleased to announce  will receive funding from  to help create jobs in ventura county and su… 
it is long past time for speaker ryan and majority leader mcconnell to allow congress to do its constitutional duty… 
president trump’s demands are the actions one would expect from a totalitarian dictator, not the president of the u… 
reminder! registration for the congressional app challenge ends today. if you are a high school or middle school st… 
in congress, i will continue to work to address current and future policies, regulations, technologies, and procedu… 
last week, i participated in   hearing to discuss integrating cutting-edge, unmanned aircra… 
l’shanah tovah to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah! i wish you all a happy and healthy .
i look forward to continuing to work with the committee &amp; federal, state &amp; local agencies to ensure they are prepar… 
this week, i participated in the   hearing on emerging technologies and innovation in trans… 
reminder! registration for the congressional app challenge ends on monday, september . if you are a high school o… 
i’m proud to support the house intern pay act, because it’s critical that congress today, and the members of congre… 
but there are many young people across the country, and in my district, who would like to intern but don’t have the means to do so.
while i never expected to serve in congress when i interned for congressman w. s. stuckey jr. (d-ga) many years ago… 
i led  members of congress to call on va to end ban on medically necessary treatments for transgender vets. more… 
after separating hundreds of kids from their families, now the trump admin wants to indefinitely detain children. r… 
sign up for my email list to stay informed about my work on your behalf in congress: . 
i'm joining  &amp;  to stand w/ the , californians living w/ alzheimer’s &amp; support… 
for more information or to rsvp, visit .
reminder: tomorrow, / at  p.m. at thousand oaks high school, i'm hosting first in series of information nights a… 
the port of hueneme is one of the most important economic drivers in ventura county and southern california. i am p… 
rather than sabotaging va’s ability to recruit &amp; retain high-quality staff &amp; provide our nation’s vets w/ high-qual… 
the president recently announced that he would cut pay for employees at the va, despite va staff already being paid… 
nationally, va has , vacant positions, the vast majority of which are at the veterans health administration, i… 
i've long been concerned about the high number of vacancies at va, which are delaying care &amp; benefits for vets. in… 
as a member of the congressional rare disease caucus, i will continue to work in congress to support funding for cr… 
last week, i had to the pleasure of meeting with local advocates of the international pemphigus &amp; pemphigoid founda… 
recently, i had the opportunity to present the congressional award gold medal to jagannathan rangarajan of thousand… 
i want to especially thank each and every worker who contributes to our economy in ventura county. you are the reas… 
on #laborday, we take a moment to celebrate the hardworking men and women who make up our nation’s workforce and pl… 
we cannot allow a #vacantva to get in the way of progress on this important project.
implementing new electronic health record system at va is imperative for improving care for our nation’s heroes. va… 
students need more funding at school, not less. reports that sec devos plans to divert fed education funds to be us… 
follow me on facebook to learn more about how i’m working for you in congress: . 
reminder! starting next week, i'm hosting a series of info nights across ventura county to help students and their… 
as your representative, it is my privilege to be able to recognize outstanding public achievements by the people wh… 
as if #goptaxscam wasn’t bad enough already: now treasury dept is also letting big banks benefit from this windfall… 
we need a democracy that is #forthepeople, not one that is being manipulated by wealthy special interests. that’s w… 
#whatsatstake: trump nominated kavanaugh w/ specific intent to overturn woman’s right to make own healthcare decisi… 
today on #womensequalityday, we honor those throughout history who paved way for women to be whatever they want to… 
i was honored to have chance to serve with him in congress &amp; work together on house-senate conference committees su… 
we lost an american hero today. senator john mccain honorably and selflessly served our nation, staunchly advocated… 
for the last  years,  has worked to protect and preserve our national treasures. nps now oversee… 
happy #startupweek! entrepreneurs are spurring job creation and driving innovation across the country. that’s why i… 
as a member of the sustainable energy and environment coalition, i will continue to fight against attacks on our fu… 
this week, president trump continued his streak of putting polluters ahead of our children’s health – undermining o… 
#otd  years ago,  was created. thank you to the faa and our nation’s air traffic controllers for helping… 
the congressional app challenge for california’s th district is now open for submissions! students must register… 
if the facts determine that the president did in fact commit the crimes he’s been implicated in, congress must hold… 
there are now five people in trump’s orbit who have pled guilty or been found guilty of committing serious crimes.… 
the president of the united states was just implicated as a co-conspirator in committing federal crimes. on the sam… 
let’s be clear about #whatsatstake: judge kavanaugh is a direct threat to the aca and protections for our loved one… 
for more information or to rsvp, visit .
are you a student in ventura county interested in attending a u.s. service academy? i am hosting a series of inform… 
#otd  years ago women were granted right to vote under th amendment. while there's still much work to be done,… 
that’s why i support: ➡️making a serious investment in local infrastructure ➡️ensuring all americans have the tools… 
working families’ incomes simply aren’t keeping up with the cost-of-living. we need an economy that actually works… 
as a member of the house veterans’ affairs committee, i will continue to work to ensure all our veterans have acces… 
this transformative legislation further opens doors of opportunity for veterans to pursue quality higher education… 
i was honored to be able to work with my colleagues in congress to pass the bipartisan #forevergibill, which became… 
recently, i had the opportunity to meet with the veteran collaborative of ventura county to share an update on what… 
happy national health center week! federally funded community health centers serve more than , people in our d… 
on today’s anniversary of signing of social security act, i vow to continue to stand up for our seniors &amp; fight aga… 
#socialsecurity is an american success story and part of the fabric that safeguards economic security and independe…  i had a great time stopping by kroger in peoria to ask folks what’s on their minds and find out what they want me t… 
another day, another washington republican engulfed by a corruption scandal. this is why democrats are fighting to… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
this is a truly inspiring story. i've been so proud to welcome many honor flight's to washington to thank our veter… 
i'm absolutely horrified by the news out of pittsburgh this morning. while the facts are still coming out, my heart… 
i had a great time touring the roosevelt community education center in rockford, which truly goes above and beyond… 
another day, another library of congress book drop! thank you to everyone who came out to the library in new windso… 
i can think of no better way to have spent this morning than this- thank you to professor robin johnson and… 
 : violence and encouraging violence is never ok. not against republicans, not against dems, not against journalists, not…
regardless of your politics, we can all agree that this is completely unacceptable. even in times when the division… 
for the th stop on my library of congress book delivery tour, i donated books to the colona library. i heard conc… 
while the  resorts to scare tactics,  are remaining focused on the issues that matter to hardwor… 
this morning i got to spend some time with adam, shayna and anna, who are interning in our office in rock island. i… 
we are a nation of laws and it is an outright lie for anyone to say democrats want open borders. while democrats ha… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : "we have a president who likes to peddle in mistruths and is peddling in fear once again."  on trump promoting false…
tune into ’s  right now- i’ll be discussing the work democrats are doing to build a government that works #forthepeople!
i had a great time speaking with the peoria airport, business leaders, local elected officials &amp; my colleague… 
navigating federal programs can be daunting, which is why alan needed an extra hand. if you ever need assistance na… 
i had an extremely meaningful morning in peoria where we dedicated the new veterans memorial. thank you to all of o… 
i made some new friends this afternoon while dropping off books at the library in annawan! thanks for the great con… 
i had a great morning at the langman apartments in milan listening to concerns about washington republicans efforts… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
i had a great time at our grant resource fair meeting with some amazing non-profits and state agencies in our regio… 
how will we pay for #socialsecurity #medicare &amp; #medicaid after the #goptaxscam debt explosion?  mitch mcconnell wa… 
tomorrow we’re hosting our workshop for local non-profits &amp; government agencies to provide them with the tools need… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
yup, mitch mcconnell is openly talking about cutting social security and medicare. the long-game of the #goptaxscam… 
i’m really disappointed by how well this tweet aged - but after exploding the deficit to $ billion (% increase… 
now that the gop passed their #taxscam which handed billions to their mega donors and ballooned the deficit, they a… 
this is the real cost of the washington republicans tax giveaway to billionaires. they’re putting social security a… 
helping folks cut through red tape is one of my favorite things to do in congress. that’s why on october th we’re… 
i had another great supermarket saturday stop at aldi in silvis. folks are excited to get out and vote in november! 
i’m teaming up with state  for our grants resource fair! join us on october th if you’re a non-profit o… 
congratulations seth and liz, she’s beautiful! 
don’t miss out on our workshop to learn how to navigate the grant process on october th! government agencies and… 
as a former reporter, i am outraged by the disappearance and apparent murder of #jamalkhashoggi.  s… 
every one of our family farmers puts food on the plates of  americans a year! make sure you take a moment on… 
 : democrats are fighting #forthepeople. , , and  lay out our plan to reduce health care…
 : “democrats believe america is strongest with a health care system that prioritizes people — not one that taxes and take…
 : an important read from   &amp; : house democrats' midterm message is "lower health costs, le…
 : "it’s time to get america back on track. it's time to come together to lower your health care costs, increase your pay an…
. are fighting #forthepeople every day. you can read the op-ed i wrote with  and… 
 : lower health care costs, protect the aca, more jobs and higher wages thru infrastructure, take on corruption - the gam…
 : from ,  and  on democratic house agenda: if we win the house, we'll work to create…
 : ., ,  on the real democratic agenda: if we win house control, we'll work to lower #h…
we need to get back to a government that works #forthepeople once again. you can read my op-ed in  a… 
. can't run on his record, so he's making up false claims to divide americans. the truth is democra… 
we owe our freedom to the service and sacrifice of our courageous veterans. when our veterans return from harm's wa… 
we had a great discussion while welcoming gabriel issa, the lebanese ambassador to the us, in peoria tonight. 
even though this has been a very frustrating last week, at today’s supermarket saturday at aldi in peoria, i was re… 
our ultimate goal should always be to get to the truth &amp; to ensure that we have people who are of the highest integ… 
it takes a lot of guts to talk publicly about a sexual assault. thank you to all of the survivors who told their st… 
well, it seems pretty obvious that the fbi "investigation" was specifically limited in scope to provide political c… 
 : important point: christine blasey ford's account was corroborated. she had therapist notes from years ago, and the accounts…
 : in iowa, we know that year-round #e will help expand consumer choice at the pump, reduce our dependence on fossil fuels…
too many of our hardworking corn growers are struggling as a result of low commodity prices and a trade war with no… 
 : "to your point of these allegations going back a bit, i’ve got two words for you, and that’s bill cosby," rep. cheri busto…
it's true, when you kneecap an investigation by limiting who can be interviewed, you don't get a real outcome.   th… 
today i got to sit down with our amazing interns, tammy and ariel, to hear more about their experiences on capitol… 
we owe it to the american public to seek the truth &amp; in the case of #kavanaugh, it means having a thorough fbi inve… 
i’m just about to talk to  on   about the #kavanaugh confirmation process. 
tune into  on . i'll be talking about judge kavanaugh and the importance of conducting a comp… 
wouldn't it be nice if we had a president who was focused on lowering health care costs and raising wages instead o… 
.: "in announcing her intention to run, bustos highlighted her vision for building a lasting democratic… 
calling all quad-city region non-profits &amp; government agencies - we are holding a workshop on october th to help… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
getting the nafta renegotiation right is much more important than getting it done as fast as possible. we need a de… 
from helping our vets access care to ensuring our seniors receive their social security, we have the best constitue… 
 : . plots path if dems take back house 
this morning, i told  that if democrats are successful in november, i will run for assistant democratic lead… 
 : … matt miller, jeremy peters, robert costa, michael kirk, rep. cheri bustos, kristen soltis anderson, eric bolling, dianna…
despite all the dysfunction in washington this week, i’m glad we were able to come together to pass a long term… 
rachel mitchell, the washington republicans' prosecutor, was % right on this:  "would you believe me if i told y… 
 : mitchell says the best way to interview potential victims of sexual assault is to have an interviewer one-on-one in private a…
wow, she sure did. we clearly need an actual fbi investigation into the claims against #kavanaugh.… 
 : if the only argument against dr. ford that the #magats have is her fear of flying, then i recommend they pull kavanaugh…
yikes! 
the washington republicans' prosecutor is grasping at straws. dr. ford took a polygraph &amp; passed because she was te… 
 : i think it matters that, bc of the way republicans have structured this, every single male democratic senator is getting a cha…
 : prof. ford says she saw mark judge after the assault, working at potomac village safeway. in judge’s book, wasted, p …
 : not a single woman has spoken without grassley interrupting
fun fact - you can have a fear of flying and still have to do it occasionally. this is a ridiculous line of questioning. #kavanaughhearings.
the fact that dr. ford is calling for an fbi investigation speaks volumes about her credibility. she knows what hap… 
 : "if you're a teenage girl, is there anything more humiliating than having boys laughing at you..." savannah guthrie on nbc
. is absolutely right, mark judge should be subpoenaed to testify and we need a full fbi investigation.
haunting. #kavanaughhearings 
this is the first of at least three credible accusations of sexual assault by #kavanaugh. not only must the fbi inv… 
 : sharing with the entire world details of a traumatic event in order to try and stop a sexual assailant from serving for…
 : dr. blasey ford’s experience of doing poorly in school after the assault is like the more than  women i have talked to ove…
 : key exchange:  feinstein: "how are you sure that it was he?"  ford: "the same way that i'm sure that i'm talking to you right n…
i was proud to join  and several of our  colleagues in demanding mitch mcconnell dela… 
i believe you dr. ford. thank you for having the courage to come forward and tell your story today. the senate must… 
i spoke on the  about the importance of getting to the truth behind the series allegations against #kavanagh… 
don’t forget to tune in to the  here 👇 
 : ., , and i in our #forthepeople hats, about to present to our democratic colleagues. …
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
i had a great time this afternoon stopping by the  lunch! i could not be more grateful for the lessons in… 
democrats are fighting each and every day #forthepeople. i’m so honored to have worked with  and… 
washington republicans have an obligation to put the pursuit of truth &amp; accountability in government ahead of a par… 
happy #nationalvoterregistrationday.  elections are only  days away so make sure you register and check your stat… 
i had a great conversation with  on why we need to conduct a full investigation on the accusations a… 
 : watch:  spoke with  about democrats calling for kavanaugh to withdraw his name #ninenoon http…
tune into  on  in about  minutes. i'll be talking about judge kavanaugh and the importanc… 
don’t forget, we are still accepting applications for the united states service academies for fall of . click h… 
today i held my rd roundtable discussion on the teacher shortage in il. i invited education leaders throughout roc… 
today i worked as a machine operator at advanced machine &amp; engineering co. this family owned company has expanded g… 
unfortunately due to transmission problems, this had to be called off for this morning.
tune into '  with  in a couple minutes - i'll be on talking about dr. blasey… 
it’s officially harvesting season in illinois &amp; i learned a lot at yesterday's "cheri on shift" from family farmer… 
 :  thank you for a great visit to the farm and lucky we got you on your first harvest on the  combine …
today,  &amp; i addressed the opioid epidemic, which has claimed the lives of too many in our great state… 
. is doing a phenomenal job fighting for hardworking families in rural america. if we want to earn bac… 
this morning i spoke with the mississippi river towns &amp; cities initiatives about how critical the watershed is to o… 
i’m proud that with  &amp;  we secured another $. million grant for the quad cities airpor… 
i started off my morning with some great conversations at the supermarket in savanna where i asked folks what they… 
while  pats his own back, hardworking men and women across the heartland face plummeting commodity… 
i stopped by a save-a-lot in rock island to hear what’s on people’s minds. i heard frustrations about the administr… 
this morning i met with some of augustana’s international students, which are all part of a quickly growing program… 
i’m pleased we passed a bipartisan bill that supports our veterans, funds vital energy programs &amp; provides $ milli… 
i am proud to pass legislation that honors one of our own fallen heroes, captain joshua e. steele. i hope this desi… 
i’m honored to receive the  golden triangle award for the work we’re doing to strengthen our family farmers -… 
our inland waterways move more than  million tons of goods each year. i’m proud to have worked across the aisle… 
congressman lane evans dedicated his life to strengthening hardworking families across the midwest and i’m proud to… 
my hopes and prayers are with everyone in the path of #hurricaneflorence. thank you to all of the brave first respo… 
is this really the day for something like this? seriously, it's time for  to put down the phone, st… 
i had a great time speaking to county officials from across illinois during their  trip to washington. h… 
every $ invested in our infrastructure generates $ worth of new economic activity. that’s why i'm proud to announ… 
washington republicans' #taxscam has ushered in a new era of $ trillion deficits. working families can't run up un… 
i had a very meaningful #septemberth at the rock island arsenal. we will #neverforget the nearly , victims wh… 
it’s so important to ensure our kids are ready for school, and have all the tools they need to succeed. a program l… 
i'll #neverforget how we came together as one american people after the #septemberth attacks. as we bow our heads… 
 : #tariff money would be used for #trade market-development programs under legislation proposed by . …
 : thank you  . this funding will help  provide hope and healing to survivors and stop this…
 : thank you, , for visiting our #fostergrandparents today at dillon elementary! looks like a great time was had by…
domestic violence knows no bounds, and the damage it does is heartbreaking. that is why i was honored to stand with… 
today i got to visit   which provides more than , meals &amp;  , nights of lodging to those i… 
today i visited dillon elementary to learn about their foster grandparent program. it was remarkable to see the pos… 
to everyone celebrating #roshhashanah tonight, we’re wishing you a happy, healthy and blessed new year!
washington republicans haven’t been able to strip protections for the more than  million illinoisans with pre-exis… 
thank you to the  for stopping by my office today. with the #farmbill being negotiated and a #tradewar… 
 : as a farm bill conferee,  says she wants stronger crop insurance and to maintain rural development programs. https…
 : it was great to hear from  alumna ! she talked to the pelp fellows about how her degree from uis has h…
 : . on her priorities as #farmbill conference meeting commences  #agnews 
 : watch how  are fighting #forthepeople. -lower health care costs -increased pay -clean up corruption https://t…
i’m back in dc bringing the voices of our family farmers to the table as a #farmbill conferee. i hope we can put as… 
the white house has withheld thousands of pages of judge kavanaugh's records. what are they hiding? the future of m… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
big congratulations to madison keys for powering her way to the quarterfinals of the us open! 
american workers built our middle class and fought hard for the many workplace protections we take for granted toda… 
 : the administration’s #tradewar is causing real pain for nd farmers &amp; ranchers—that’s why i announced i’ll be introduci…
before i head back to dc to negotiate the farm bill, i took the afternoon to talk with the  &amp; our farm… 
i'm proud to introduce legislation with  to stop the bleeding from 's #tradewar and… 
out of touch washington republicans get excited about the stock market, meanwhile % of hardworking families are s… 
i had a great time today visiting the avon public library, after one of their librarians reached out to see how the… 
my last interview today was at the  where we discussed what i hope to see in the final #farmbill. i kn… 
the next stop was wgil in galesburg. we discussed the concern i‘ve been hearing over cuts to mandatory funding for… 
 : in-state students with a family income of $, or less will come to #illinois tuition-free starting in fall : htt…
today i was at the kewanee star courier discussing what i’ve learned from our farmers &amp; producers after traveling … 
today our country lost a man that embodied patriotism, courage and relentless strength. in war and at peace he dedi… 
 : . (il-) visited gold star in aledo, il to discuss the farm bill and other issues. #demsatwork …
i was excited to be in tampico to announce that they received $. million to replace their aging water infrastruct… 
i’m proud to announce joy received $ million in rural development grants to improve water treatment facilities. ac… 
my heart goes out to  and his entire family. he has cemented his place in our nation's history as a t… 
make sure to keep up with the work i'm doing on behalf of the hardworking men and women of illinois' th district… 
i could not have asked for a better end to my day than with an awesome “cheri on shift” at spoon river electric coo… 
i’m having a great day working alongside the people of central illinois. my first stop was pmp manufacturing. these… 
 : “washington republicans are failing to hold themselves accountable to the people for the corruption that has infected the…
small towns and rural communities face unique challenges when it comes to healthcare, which is why i'm proud to ann… 
. ran on a platform of “law &amp; order.” today proved that we are still a nation of laws and that nobo… 
another day, another guilty plea from ’s inner circle.  instead of this steady stream of corruption… 
i’m so proud to represent people like lorri who are working hard every day to strengthen small towns and rural comm… 
on #seniorcitizensday we honor all the hardworking generations that came before us. i will continue to support our… 
i’m so glad we could stop by lorri’s general store in hanover on the way home. they are the only store within  mi… 
today i worked as a biodiesel operational specialist at . i toured the plant &amp; learned how to perfo… 
i had a fun afternoon touring hunter haven farms in pearl city. hunter haven farms is run by two brothers, tom and… 
i started off my morning with some great conversations at the erie public library on my library of congress book de… 
stopped by the martin luther king center this afternoon in freeport where kids were given backpacks full of school… 
franki is her father’s guardian, but due to administrative barriers she was unable to obtain her father’s tax forms… 
i had a really informative trip to the northwestern illinois agricultural research and development center today. th… 
 : one of ’ agricultural experiment stations had a special visitor today. was great to show  ongoin…
while learning the ins and outs of grain transport i heard directly from the hardworking men and women in our distr… 
 : thank you to  for working to #protectsnap! from : "bustos: more evaluation needed on snap work requirem…
congratulations to amy &amp; amber haskill as they opened up their brick and mortar location for closetcloset, a non-p… 
 : . says #farmers are starting to do well. the data says otherwise  …
 : our local reporters in the #dfw and in texas work diligently to shine a light and seek the truth on topics otherwise left in…
 : a #mustread thread by #newdem  on #freepress 👇 
 : couldn’t have said it any better . our democracy depends on all of us standing up for a free and open press. https…
 : a #freepress is critical for a healthy and functioning democracy. 
 : today and every day, a #freepress helps keep our country - and others - free. 
:      :… 
i want to thank several of our local newspapers for diligently doing their job every day and standing up for a… 
: the freedom of the press is enshrined in the st amendment because our founding fathers recognized that we could… 
: reporters work very hard, frequently around the clock, to inform the public about what's happening in our world,… 
: in an era when we have a white house that routinely deceives the public and claims anything that doesn't shower… 
i worked as a print reporter for  years before serving in congress, so i've seen the news business from both side… 
 : listen. click. read. more evaluation needed on #snap work requirements, says .  #farmbill…
this afternoon i got to tour county materials and become a member of their wire crew for the day.  they manufacture… 
it was fun running into my cousin jeff at the state fair, who is a dairy farmer in illinois. we both come from a lo… 
for today’s “cheri on shift” i worked as a deckhand at  in oquawka, illinois. i learned how these guys man…  why is it that so many forget that last sentence? 
today, the flag at the capitol is at half-staff in honor of those lost at the tree of life. these were mothers and… 
for years, young people were kicked off their healthcare if they entered the juvenile justice system. today, with t… 
violence against public servants, journalists and activists cannot be tolerated in our democracy. i will monitor as… 
was proud to organize a health fair for my constituents at the northeast valley health corporation in sun valley. w… 
“why didn’t i vote?” that’s the last thing you want to ask yourself in november. it’s not too late! 
i doubt this policy will be “grounded in science,” when trump denies even climate change exists. trump wants to use… 
this proposal intends to erase transgender people from federal civil rights protections and eviscerate enforcement… 
 : this saturday, i'm teaming up with , , , and  for a community clean-up of…
hispanic heritage month may have ended, but it went out on a high note. oscar romero, the champion of the people of… 
the #toxictrump administration has undermined critical environmental safeguards at every turn – threatening the ove… 
 : people of color in states with a history of voting discrimination have fewer polling locations, shorter voting hours, a…
i am deeply saddened that north hills resident peggy frank’s life was cut short so tragically. postal service truck… 
a year after hurricane maria hit the shores of #puertorico, and  thinks he's done a “fantastic job”… 
for the jewish community observing #yomkippur in the valley &amp; around the country, i wish a meaningful fast for you… 
 : .,  thanks, but no thanks.  i decline your invitation to attend your hispanic heritage month white hous…
 : this is not about "bad politics"  - it is about your administration's dismal response to #maria which r…
thank you  for the thoughtful discussion about coco and your growing engagement with the latino community. n… 
lies. 
from the party of "fiscal responsibility" ... 
as we remember /, it’s so important that we never forget what the brave service men and women did on that day, a… 
 : thanks to our sponsors , , , &amp;  for discussing how media affects social change during this morn…
today, jews across the valley, across america and around the world gather together to celebrate the blessings of a… 
 : . members sent a letter to   expressing our deep concerns and strong oppositi…
 : always understand that you are the example. try to be the good example in so many ways. you will have the power of finance…
 : hearing from  and commitment to his business and your company. life stories from where he grew up and bringing…
hundreds of children remain terrified, separated, and alone in detention facilities. now,  wants to… 
without daca recipients, our american economy would lose $ billion in gdp over the next  years. that's $ bi… 
months after the initial news broke, more than  children remain separated from their parents because of presiden… 
there’s a reason we have labor day. as we celebrate, today i am thankful for the working people, young and old and… 
#pollutingpruitt may be gone, but we must remain vigilant. that is why i am calling for a hearing on 's  handli… 
senator john mccain served our country honorably in the military and in congress. his leadership will be greatly mi… 
wildfires are raging through california, and trump’s backward views on climate change will only make things worse.… 
trump’s removal of the clean power plan fails to protect american families from harmful pollution. to no one’s surp… 
 : pleaded guilty: -trump’s lawyer -trump’s national security adviser -trump’s deputy campaign manager -trump’s foreign policy…
 : #dreamers serve in our military, educate our children, work as doctors &amp; nurses to keep us healthy, &amp; help our economy…
 : the #daca program has successfully protected , young people from deportation. it has allowed them to get jobs, pursue…
this is also a victory for los angeles — now  will not be forced to run conspiracy theories and unhinged polit… 
i applaud all the advocates and organizations who spoke up, as well as fcc commissioner rosenworcel, who has been a… 
the end of the sinclair-tribune merger is a victory for our american democracy and our local news. the collapse of… 
strong competition and diversity in our local news are crucial. the sinclair merger was deeply flawed from the begi… 
 : list of people charged with/pleading to crimes:  -trump's nd campaign manager -trump's deputy campaign manager -trump's na…
no random terrorist or criminal should be able to make a gun in their home. this harms our national security and th… 
 : th anniversary gala honoree, congressmantony cárdenas is hosting a free #immigration workshop for community members who have q…
for our children, our seniors, and for american families across this nation, we must protect our social safety net.… 
dear mr. trump: since you’re clearly uninformed about california’s air regulations, here’s a simple before-and-afte… 
 : .,  a majority of americans support a vote on a bipartisan bill to #protectdreamers!  i think you can agree…
 : a woman’s right to decide what to do with her own body should never be up for debate. brett kavanaugh poses a threat to t…
at this point i fully expect trump to announce the #surrendersummit actually occurred on opposite day. no, mr. pres… 
instead, trump cowered beside him. russia, now emboldened, will continue to undermine our american democracy while… 
trump’s summit with ruthless dictator vladimir putin put our national security and the safety of all americans at r… 
at this point we should just compile a list of dictators the president hasnt praised
so, to recap, trump trusts ruthless dictator putin more than he trusts:  — the fbi — the republican-led senate inte… 
once again a judge works to do what's right when our president won't 
 : so far, the special counsel’s investigation has resulted in: -  indictments -  guilty pleas -  jail sentence this is not…
icymi: why the latest roadblock to the sinclair merger is a victory for a consumers 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
glad to see this statement from  on the serious concerns of the sinclair merger 
 : the u.s. president doing this abroad is like giving authoritarian leaders around the world, who put reporters in jail, who…
the tech industry is creating new jobs daily, and as legislators, we need to make sure our schools get the funding… 
this week  and i introduced the high school codes act to close this skills gap and ensure that our you… 
 : today republicans on the energy and commerce committee tried to say they are already doing enough oversight of the adm…
the trump administration officials responsible for family separation must come before the american people in an ope… 
unbelievable 
#keepfamiliestogether 
the #goptaxscam keeps on stealing from working americans: 
 : we enjoyed listening to  about how #medicareadvantage helps bring americans together. see the full recap here:…
 : brett kavanaugh has been clear where he stands on a woman’s right to make her own health decisions. the senate must #st…
 : encouraging latinas  to take the lead! thank you  for supporting women. chli is a proud partner of hop…
this is what you need to know about donald trump: he praises a ruthless dictator while innocent children sit in jai… 
donald trump’s love affair with putin hurts our european allies and weakens our influence abroad.
 : the courts are making clear: 's "zero tolerance" policy is not only immoral but legally untenable even…
what is pathetic is that trump needed a federal judge to compel him to keep families together in the first place. 
 : summer is here again, and summer means hot temperatures!  for information on heat safety or to find your nearest cooling cente…
it's a high of  in the san fernando valley today. remember these safety tips, and stay cool:… 
scott pruitt: an embarrassment, like his boss. 
interesting that scott pruitt resigned by letter — i assumed he would prefer to phone trump with his $, sound-… 
there is an america that will always exist regardless of who leads this country. it is an america built on the resp… 
excited to celebrate the freedoms this country offers everyone. as residents of the valley, we should celebrate saf… 
 : today we heard from child migrants who have been through the court system without representation. their positive outloo…
 : amazing opportunity to meet with  today on the hill to talk about the great work the  is doing…
republicans want right-to-work nationwide, a race to the bottom. right now with janus, they are celebrating their l… 
 : thank you  for taking time from committee to hear our  patient makenna and her family #speaknowforki…
the judge ordered all families to be reunited within  days.  while republicans control the presidency and both ch… 
a ray of light during this dark time, as trump continues to separate babies from their mothers on american soil: a… 
today, i submitted a letter signed by  of my fellow members expressing concern about donald trump’s cruel family… 
donald trump’s travel ban is an attack on all americans’ constitutional rights. my statement on the supreme court’s… 
 : it is clear that the trump administration has no plan for reuniting the families it separated. this is outrageous and n…
this is all you need to know about trump and his cronies’ response to the humanitarian crisis at the border. 
 : president trump's cruel policy separated children from their parents without having a plan for reuniting them.  even wo…
as soon as a child is separated from his family, the united states becomes his legal guardian. so these are our kid… 
actions speak louder than words.  don’t let them fool you.
meanwhile my colleagues in the democratic party have been pushing for solutions. the #keepfamiliestogetheract solve… 
the executive order and these bills do nothing to reunite families that have been torn apart.  parents still don’t… 
these bills that republicans are offering do nothing to help dreamers, even though they know losing dreamers would… 
first off, trump’s executive order does nothing to stop the detention and separation of families. it’s so full of l… 
can you imagine being torn apart from your parents at the border, then sent with complete strangers more than a tho… 
this is what happens when a company has too much control in an industry. we can't let sinclair get even bigger and… 
i just read trump's executive order. don't be fooled, because it accomplishes nothing. this isn't over, donald trump.
 : rep. tim ryan isn't even trying to hide his outrage at the trump administration's policy of stripping 'kids, babies, toddl…
 : today, i introduced the #keepfamiliestogetheract along with over  of my  colleagues so that we can en…
 : 👇 this is exactly why we need to have a hearing . there is no transparency from hhs at the border. #famil…
 : live: house democrats, children, immigration advocates demand the trump administration to end family separation. #famil…
 : one thing i know for sure: no one on the right side of history has ever had to nitpick what the definition of “cage” is.
 : “it’s not just a building. it’s not just a museum. it’s to secure our history.” - on the need for a #latinomu…
 : mouth agape. tripling down on a total four-pinocchio falsehood. saying it over and over does not make it so. we have no…
today, i toured detention facilities in san diego with my fellow members. my longer statement is here. my shorter s… 
this administration may forget, but we still live in america. our country was founded on the principle of due proce… 
my office has been in contact with mr. garcia’s family, local advocates and federal officials. we are gathering inf… 
last week, ice agents ripped him from his family while he was having his morning coffee, while his daughter watched… 
jose luis garcia is a father and a grandfather. he attended van nuys high school and grew up in glendale. he is a m… 
 : jose luis garcia, , was drinking coffee outside his los angeles-area home when he was arrested by immigration and customs enforc…
 : "they could be gang members" is the  equivalent of "they could be japanese spies" argument used to imprison innocent am…
donald trump could put a stop to this. he just doesn’t want to. he wants families to be torn apart. he wants you an… 
 : listen to the cries of the children that are being traumatized by trump's heinous, inhumane and abhorrent family separa…
 : #live:  says youngest child in the immigration detention facility is  or  years old, refutes jeff sessions by say…
 : we're on the ground getting the facts about immigrant families being torn apart. what we know so far: there is no law requi…
there is a human rights emergency at the border. i stand with my colleagues in the people’s house – we must stop th… 
it would be irresponsible for pai to push through this merger before its legality is considered. you can’t put the… 
today, i am sending a letter co-led by  calling on fcc chairman pai to wait on the courts before the f… 
 : over  million americans with pre-existing conditions are protected under the aca. last week, the trump administration ann…
we only need the courage of a few more lawmakers to sign. i urge my colleagues who have not yet signed the discharg… 
i signed the discharge petition because we must protect dreamers and secure america’s economic future. i applaud my… 
 : an accurate #census is critical to our nation. and the political decision by the trump administration to add an unt…
 : i offered a motion to fund  to sustainably rebuild infrastructure after hurricanes maria, irma and harvey. this…
a thread on sinclair, the city of los angeles and the future of local news. 
what he said. 
 : happening now: every th thursday of the month from - pm a representative from the office of  will be at…
 : while it’s great news that trump must now resume accepting new daca applications, we have to do more to protect our dre…
 : ., thank you for getting h.r. , the at-risk youth medicaid protection act passed through  subcommittee…
 : i just asked : have you recused yourself, or do you plan on recusing yourself, from further actions related…
thank you  for your pointed questioning of chairman pai on the sham of a merger that is sinclair-tribune.
 : when i served in iraq, i served side-by-side with patriotic americans. some of us had documentation, some of us did no…
 : rep. norma torres trump’s “deportation force” and calls for protection of veterans and their families …
 : our members are standing in support of our military families. active military and veteran spouses should not be separat…
 : watch pruitt continues to pass the buck and refuses to take responsibility for anything in questioning from …
 : i had five minutes to question  today about what felt like an endless list of reports of his misconduct, m…
scott pruitt has stopped enforcement on america’s biggest polluters and has used taxpayer dollars on frivolous expe… 
 : pruitt appeared to admit to my colleague  that an epa employee, millan hupp, one of the raise recipients, help…
scott pruitt is failing the american people with his inability to be ethical and his unwillingness to protect the h… 
 : great meeting with pp champion . thank you for standing w/ the , patients of la! #standwithpp …
 : "in  detention, pregnant women face stress, trauma, and inadequate care" write  &amp;  in…
his visit is an opportunity to reflect on the importance of america’s leading role as a member of the international… 
at a time of rising nationalist sentiment, president macron is a champion for democracy, peace and security in euro… 
 : federal judge orders government to continue daca and accept new applicants, in toughest blow yet to trump’s efforts to…
last week, i joined  of my colleagues in congress to urge  to properly commemorate the rd ann… 
while it is important to honor the memory of these victims, we must also strive to prevent atrocities like this one… 
the greater los angeles area is home to the largest armenian diaspora community in the united states. i stand with… 
this court case should be allowed to run its course. pai should not try to push the sinclair-tribune merger through… 
ktla has been a pillar of local news for decades. la will suffer if alt-right messages from corporate are beamed in… 
here in los angeles, ktla will become a sinclair station soon if sinclair gets what it wants. watch la in these map… 
what really matters: the sinclair merger will hurt local communities, diversity, &amp; local journalism. ex: komo journ… 
everyone wants to focus on the content with sinclair and the content is scary. but not nearly as scary as the reach… 
sinclair is happening now and we must do everything we can to sound the alarm and stop their plans of expanding to… 
basically, chairman pai added a rule that will make sinclair’s passage possible, and  is challenging them… 
but a little known court case on friday could stop the whole thing: 
the news spread and sinclair yielded support from  (of course). since then, we haven’t heard much.
sinclair was forced into the national spotlight when ’s  made a video splicing up different anch… 
expanding the definition of “public charge” to discriminate &amp; hurt immigrant families runs counter to american idea… 
 : this ill-advised “public charge” proposal is intended to discourage hardworking people from seeking legal status and de…
boom. the valley’s finest, . 
 : he’s frightened to show up at a dinner that celebrates the st amendment(wh correspondents). he’s not wanted at an evening t…
.  claims to want to protect dreamers, but the first dreamer has been deported under his administra… 
thank you  for highlighting the plight of immigrants and the people trapped in our flawed criminal j… 
my resolution supporting #secondchancemonth highlights the barriers faced by those returning to their communities a… 
what better way to celebrate our beautiful planet on #earthday, the only home we have, with a visit to one of our n… 
 : #climatechange increases heat waves, severe storms, air pollution &amp; the spread of disease, yet many of trump's cronies…
i don’t want to see my grandkids have to stay inside because of smog alerts, which is where we will end up if trump… 
"what better way to celebrate our beautiful planet on #earthday, the only home we have, with a visit to one of our… 
 : trump has decided to abuse the power of the executive &amp; unilaterally enact cruel &amp;intolerant policies such as pervertin…
trump wants to keep families apart by expanding the definition of “public charge” to include programs related to he… 
 : . president &amp; ceo joe panetta presents  with a bio innovator in biotechnology award for his great wo…
 : thanks  for meeting with us during the #bioflyin to discuss the importance of #biomedical innovation, inves…
 : gracias al congresista de california  por haberme recibido para discutir alternativas a nivel congressional…
instead of letting working folks take an extra work shift or continue looking for a job, they would need to partici… 
snap helps lift people out of poverty and homelessness, the republican proposals to snap are counterproductive to t… 
additional work requirements in snap are nothing more than artificial barriers that would leave more people hungry… 
in california, nearly half of all snap participants are in working families that are struggling to put food on the table.#protectsnap
 : today, #newdem  introduced the bipartisan “queen-of-the-hill” rule, which would force debate and a vote in…
 : a bipartisan group of  former  directors warned against including a citizenship question on the  census.…
 : senate majority leader mcconnell is siding with trump over the bipartisan calls to defend the integrity of our democrac…
 : this is completely false. the gop #farmbill cuts over $ billion in snap benefits from hungry americans. https://t.co…
 : californian and daca recipient leticia herrera speaks at a press conference with members of… 
 : now and new:  republicans join over  republicans for the “queen of the hill” rule to try to force a debate/series…
 : great to see so many leaders including      m…
 : republicans and democrats agree— it’s time to find a legislative solution for #dreamers. these young people have waited…
 : at least six house republicans have suddenly backed a bill to prevent trump from unilaterally firing robert mueller. http…
donald trump is missing a communications director. maybe sinclair media should step in and do want to step in and do that job, too?
my sincerest condolences to president george h.w. bush, president george w. bush and the entire bush family for the… 
 : must watch #taxday video. the #goptaxscam is simply useless when it comes to creating jobs. 
if you haven’t filed your federal tax return, and won’t make it in time, do not panic! you can request a -month ex… 
today is the last day to file your taxes. even if have heard of reports of some technical difficulties, you must fi… 
 : on #taxday, here is a look at another broken promise about the #goptaxscam: the law has not raised wages. instead, it’s prov…
 : la ley agrícola de los republicanos recortará casi $ mil millones del programa de cupones para alimentos #snap, uno de l…
proud to have joined  other house democrats in sending a letter urging omb director mulvaney and agriculture secr… 
unfortunately, house republicans are using the farm bill to deliver another blow to working families who depend on food stamps #protectsnap
snap, our country’s most important anti-hunger program, is in danger of being drastically cut. nearly , househ… 
...  the #goptaxscam is just another way to claim we can’t afford medicaid for california children. #taxday
met with the la county board of supervisors to discuss the path forward for healthcare.   i joined leader… 
you also still have until tomorrow to file (april ). if you cannot make the deadline, you can get six more months…  this legislation will save lives! i’m so happy to see my bipartisan bill getting recognition in the washington post. 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
we all saw this coming when republicans rammed through a huge tax cut for millionaires and billionaires. now they t… 
rising costs in housing, specialty medical treatment and hospital services, and prescription medicines.  i support… 
today’s social security cost-of-living adjustment (cola) announcement of .% is welcome news to seniors who have s… 
america's most successful conservation program could expire within days. reauthorizing #lwcf is a no brainer - it c… 
the fy assistance to firefighters grant application period opens soon. you can begin preparing now. i advocate fo… 
i'm happy to join the new #expandsocialsecurity caucus. #socialsecurity is an earned benefit, a vital program to ou… 
 years later. time marches on, but we must #neverforget those who were lost and the sacrifices made that day. 
our economy is dependent on the hard work, dedication, and expertise of federal civilian workers.  they deserve the… 
 congrats on the striking down of a wrongheaded executive order. #publicservicedeservespublicrespect
senator john mccain served his country in vietnam with uncommon bravery and on capitol hill with uncommon convictio… 
for  years now, social security has provided older americans with stability and security. without it,  in  olde… 
union memberships have been declining for decades as labor remains under attack. the recent #scotus decision in… 
when you propose good legislation that will save lives &amp; money, like my #organdonor clarification act will, support… 
today’s deadline imposed by #china on us air carriers is an unnecessary provocation. the gov’t and people of… 
the #aderholtamendment is a thinly veiled #licensetodicriminate. the amendment would allow child welfare organizati… 
, people await an organ transplant in america. my #organdonorclarificationact will save lives and billions in… 
nothing was more important to the development of the middle class than america's labor movement. after this week's… 
#scotus decision in #janus was not jurisprudence, it was bare-knuckle politics. my bill protects collective bargain… 
the #scotus #janus decision is an outright attack on unions, an attack on working people &amp; the causes we fight for… 
three years ago marriage equality became the law of the land. today we continue to push for progress and seek to en… 
we need to increase the supply of organs for transplantation by removing barriers that donors face under current la… 
twenty-two people die every day as they wait for a viable #organdonor. today i was interviewed by a documentary vid… 
this evening i’m joining my fellow  members to speak out to #savelwcf. every pennsylvanian deserves the opport… 
we need to stop this new policy of separating children from their parents at the southern border. 's… 
the notion that you must separate children from their parents to secure the border is just not true. this is a crue… 
enjoy your day, dads! #happyfathersday 
i'm thankful for the bipartisan effort with congressman  on our bill to help counter the devastating… 
over  million pennsylvania residents have pre-existing conditions that are protected by the aca. their health care… 
this is alarming news. new reports now show the  tax bill is causing the medicare trust fund to dry up quicker… 
this #immigrantheritagemonth we celebrate the extraordinary contributions that generations of immigrants have made… 
can you imagine the thoughts these brave men had as they approached shore on #dday? on this th anniversary, let u… 
a healthy environment is something we all must work to preserve. i'll continue to do my part for #cleanair and open… 
equal rights for all americans are fundamental. we must protect the rights of our #lgbt communities especially. i’m… 
today, and on all days, we honor the brave men and women who gave everything for our country; we will never forget. 
thanks to  for stopping by and visiting with me at the office today. #natcainwashington 
thank you  for fighting against #als to make a positive difference for those living with this diseas… 
thank you for all you do and for stopping by! 
congratulations angelina kimmins from pocono mountain west high school for being named  congressional art compe… 
i was happy to join east stroudsburg south high school's advanced placement u.s. government class and their teacher… 
thank you everyone for the warm birthday wishes! marion and i had a great day! so happy to celebrate here at home w… 
 : thank you, samuel negatu, from ’s office for taking the time to meet and talk about pennsylvania’s students. #nt…
thank you ,  pa teacher of the year, for stopping by the dc office. sorry i couldn't be there, but you'… 
icymi: my prepare act amendment will save lives and save money. i have been working for  years to help the nation… 
ever wanted to open your own business? behind every successful entrepreneur is a great idea and business plan. help… 
icymi: my call for accountability on us highways. i spoke out last week against an amendment that would protect bro… 
icymi: video of my floor remarks on prepare act. proud to say my bipartisan plan passed the full house on friday!… 
 : extreme #weather cost our country a record-smashing $ billion in .  congratulates  and …
it was a pleasure to welcome you all this morning and learn more about complex rehab technology from my friends… 
 : great meeting with  staff on behalf of the ,  members in his district. #aarp  …
thank you for stopping by! it was a pleasure to welcome you this morning and listen to your concerns. 
"the flint water crisis can't be allowed to happen elsewhere. congress can—and must—make critical investments in wa… 
 :      wow!  miles of dead quakake and black creeks w…
i'm glad to welcome rep. conor lamb (pa-) to the u.s. house. rep. lamb said he believed his constituents maintain… 
each spring, the us house of representatives sponsors a nationwide high school art competition, i encourage all hig… 
as long as i am in congress, i will support efforts to protect wildlife from extinction and endangerment. that's wh… 
fiscal year  staffing for adequate fire and emergency response (safer) grant application period is now open and… 
usda program seeking applicants for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement. applications are fo… 
 : the american middle class built this country. nobody knows that better than vice president . today, we were pr…
i am deeply saddened to hear about the loss of my colleague, congresswoman louise slaughter. she was a tireless pub… 
excited to announce that the house passed the ego act, a bipartisan proposal to save taxpayer dollars. glad to have… 
the national women’s history month  theme is nevertheless, she persisted: honoring women who fight all forms of… 
we must do everything we can to protect our health and environment. i’m glad to have earned a score of % on the … 
 : . (pa-) spoke to constituents at a town hall about health care, the opioid epidemic, and veterans issue…
fema is looking for talented youth to participate in the youth preparedness council, to work with  and… 
excited to announce that my bipartisan bill to protect veterans from predatory financial scams has passed congress.… 
teachers, apply by / to attend a free  summer professional development program! there are sites across the… 
 : the alliance thanks  for introducing job creation through energy efficient manufacturing act. #chp https:…
today i introduced a bill that would create family-sustaining jobs, help small businesses save money, and make amer… 
fema’s fire prevention and safety grant opens monday, february  and closes friday, march . i am a strong advoca… 
 : super. bowl. champions.  #flyeaglesfly 
we remember and honor an extraordinary woman today. #rosaparksday 
 : gameday  #sblii | #flyeaglesfly 
devastating to hear that someone was killed in today's train accident. my thoughts and prayers are with the victim'… 
excited to announce that hhs awarded over $ million to scranton lackawanna head start 
 : have a question for congressman cartwright?  tweet it at us! we will ask him on january th during our tow…
wishing everyone a very merry christmas!
open enrollment ends today! even if you have insurance, visit  and review health coverage op… 
 : on this day in , pennsylvania became the second state to ratify the constitution of the united states. 📜 #paproud…
open enrollment ends in  days. visit  before december th to buy or change your health car… 
on #worldaidsday , we remember those we have lost to hiv/aids and honor their memory by recommitting to #endaids.
 : thanks  for highlighting the importance of #cleanenergy jobs! #stillin 
proud to announce that my bipartisan bill to protect older veterans from predatory practices passed the house this… 
 : . had a great meeting with house poland caucus member  re: energy coop, #vwp &amp; u.s. military…
my thoughts and prayers are with the pennsylvania state trooper who was shot today in northampton county.
my bipartisan prepare act is a commonsense bill that would save lives &amp; taxpayer dollars.  
 : thank you  &amp;  for your bill addressing the need to plan &amp; prepare for extreme weather  https://t.c…
 : "invest up front in resilience planning to keep our businesses safe." asbc supports the prepare act (hr ), …
 : . &amp;  introduced the prepare act to enhance government preparedness for extreme weather incident…
 : we support  and ’s prepare act, a commonsense bill that would save lives and taxpayer dollars.
 : congrats to  &amp;  for committee passage of the prepare act! proud to support effort to save li…
i am proud to sponsor the bipartisan prepare act, a bill that would improve government response to extreme weather… 
devastating news out of nyc. i'm praying for the victims of this horrific  attack.
open enrollment starts tomorrow! find a plan that works for you and your family. visit  to #getcovered.
 : my legislation w/  ​would help improve america's public health response to #climatechange. …
open enrollment is shorter this year than in the past – nov.  to dec. . don’t miss your chance to #getcovered at… 
 : i support ’s water use act bill. the bill helps conserve water and reduce consumer costs. …
yesterday, i spoke at a press conference about the bipartisan reclaim act, legislation that would revitalize coal c… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families affected by the horrific shooting in las vegas.
 : if you or someone you know is a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at …
i want to express my deep admiration for  and gratitude for his service to the country. my full state… 
i look forward to working with my colleagues to advance this important legislation. 
 : i support ’s efforts to create a national public health action plan on climate change. …
 : climate change impacts our lives daily, from the air we breathe to the water we drink. - #actonclimate http…
i’m proud to join the #jobsforamerica task force to create economic growth and prosperity for all americans:… 
today we remember the innocent lives lost on / and honor the courage of first responders. #neverforget 
learn more about jazmin's story here:  /
jazmin is a working mother with daca who wants to provide for her family. i called for a vote on the #dreamact so that she has a chance. /
 : "we need to invest in – not cripple – agencies focused on curbing climate change." - 
#transtroops are currently ready to make the ultimate sacrifice in order to protect our country. they deserve respect and honor.
the #cleanwaterrule protects drinking water for  million americans. repealing this rule is reckless. 
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by today's terror attack in barcelona.
there is only one side to condemn after violence occurs during a white supremacist rally. hate &amp; bigotry have no place in our great country.
#socialsecurity has provided older americans with stability and security for  years. we must protect it. #socsec
 : no. not in america. we must be stronger, more determined and more united than ever. racism and hate have no place here. #char…
 : afge thanks  and others for blocking efforts to outsource dod civilian jobs 
 : the rep. cartwright (d-pa) amendment no.  passed -  yeas,  nays
 : breaking news:  introduces bill to expand roles for direct care workers &amp; improve care: …
 : no american, no matter their sexual orientation or gender identity, should be prohibited from honor + privilege of serving…
 : proud to introduce the #newcollarjobsact w/   today! #abetterdeal for american workers: https:…
 : . offers amdt to restore $ for community development block grants, used for meals on wheels, wide range of o…
glad to join my colleagues in finding bipartisan solutions to combatting climate change. 
wishing everyone a safe and happy #thofjuly!
my thoughts &amp; prayers are with my colleague , capitol police officers, &amp; the staff members affected by this morning's shooting.
 : from : why reopening wall street 'casino' wrong choice for main street  
 : federal #energyefficiency policies support , jobs in your district - mostly small businesses  https://t.co…
the #wrongchoiceact is an irresponsible bill that would dismantle consumer protections &amp; eliminate transparency 
 :  your continued support for wap &amp; energy star will help people w/ real #energyefficiency jobs in all corners o…
 : happy pride month, pennsylvania! #loveislove 
this week is #nationalpoliceweek. please join me in thanking those who risk their lives to keep our communities saf… 
join me tonight for a town hall in palmerton:  
bipartisan nonprofit energy efficiency act helps nonprofits become energy efficient while saving money: 
joined my fellow  members today to stand in solidarity w/ those who will be marching for climate jobs, justice… 
#nationalparkweek is here! check out parks to explore in pa:   where will you go? #findyourpark
please join me on april th for a town hall in bethlehem. looking forward to seeing everyone there!   more info -&gt; 
this week my colleagues and i introduced legislation to prevent coal companies from unfairly… 
 : .   &amp;  introduce plan to rein in oil &amp; gas industry! https://t.co…
 : proud to join , , and  in introducing this important legislation https://t.c…
 : thank you , ,  &amp;  for taking action on public health &amp; the oil &amp; gas…
today, my colleagues and i introduced a series of bills to protect the environment by closing loopholes in the oil… 
women should not have to fight for equal pay for equal work. #equalpayday
 : thank you  &amp; staff for your warm welcome &amp; support in the fight against. we appreciate it!! #alzheimers #alz…
today, we remember the sacrifices made by those who served in vietnam. thank you for your service. #vietnamveteransday 🇺🇸
today with . the new cbo score reports that  million americans will still lose health care under t… 
 : thank you progressive champion  for passionately defending access to affordable healthcare for americans #p…
 : my megabyte act stops waste, gov buying duplicate software licenses.  has already saved taxpayers $ million. https…
michelle lacroix of scranton was my guest last evening to the president’s joint address to… 
 :  earned a perfect % score on the  #lcvscorecard! check it out here: 
proud to say that i received a % on the national environmental scorecard from . i will always work to protect our environment.
thanks to everyone who came out and participated in our town hall meeting last night in dickson city. 
come join me tonight at :pm in dickson city for a town hall. 
we need someone who will stand up for sensible protections of our environment. scott pruitt is not the right choice to lead the .
 : thanks to ,  for pushing bipartisan bill to help public schools improve #energyefficiency https:…
 : welcome to new dem members of appropriations cmte:     
this morning, i spoke on the importance of guaranteeing coal miners' pensions 
today, we mark  years since the attack on pearl harbor. we remember all who gave their lives on that fateful day. 
i #standwithnancy because she fights for all hard-working families across our country. 
. glad to see you support #timeofftovote. it's important, which is why i introduced a bill: 
 : thanks for the heads-up, and congrats to rep. matthew a cartwright '.  
 : . thanks for introducing the companion in the house. let's keep working together to get it through congress…
 : this week,  spoke out against the supreme court's decision to gut the voting rights act #restorethevra https://t.…
i look forward to working with  to pass this important piece of legislation 
 : . "gop motto on voting rights is we should under achieve!" 
 : amb schnepf visited wilkes-barre, #pennsylvania, met w/  at   htt…
there is no reason to discriminate against transgender people...there is no reason to set them up for ostracism in schools #wearewithyou
 : thanks to  for speaking at the pa  congressional breakfast 
 : . presents a lecture by polish ambassador ryszard schnepf at king’s on monday. details: …
 : polish ambassador ryszard schnepf lecture is at  p.m. in burke. details:   https…
from the delaware to the susquehanna, the poconos to the lehigh valley, people in pa- have much to celebrate on #earthday
proud to support the president’s action on the paris #climate agreement on #earthday
a fair salary can mean the difference between poverty and economic security for a family.  #equalpay
when #womensucceed, america succeeds! this #equalpayday, let's recommit to ending pay disparity once &amp; for all 
 holding a press conf w/ , state sen. blake and wb mayor george concerning lead poisoning 
. has sent us home for  wks w/out passing a #budget or acting on urgent health crises. let's get to work! 
#flint kids are filled w/lead. it’s our job to make sure they get help after the hearings end &amp; cameras leave #neverforgetflint
. administration played a crucial role in this man-made disaster – congress needs the full story 
we are the last line of defense &amp; we will #neverforgetflint
congress needs to understand what happened in #flint and prevent it from ever happening again #flintwatercrisis
the state has failed the people of #flint. now it’s up to us. #flintwatercrisis
we need to help our cities and states rebuild their infrastructure so the #flintwatercrisis never happens again 
 : . wrote the most bills, got the most cosponsors of the sophomore reps in . more in our #govstats: https://t…
 : hat’s off to  for leading on #cleanenergy! #gopercent 
 : today i introduced the bipartisan #truthintuition act with . 
proud to have joined ’s efforts to free former marine amir hekmati, from iran. welcome home! #freedamir 
 : . bill helps working americans in #coal country at no taxpayer cost  #environment #jobs #p…
 : check out this month's congressional corner from : medicare,  years strong.  htt…
 : . the #cleaneract forces oil and gas to play by the same rules as other industries. #fracking …
 : we're proud to endorse ’s #cleaneract today. read more --&gt; 
 : proud to co-sponsor ’s #cleaneract today.  read more --&gt; 
 : great new editorial from  on  bill to close #coal loopholes:  #fairshare
watch today:   &amp; jeff goldblum are calling out big polluters. check it out: 
honored to receive % on 's food policy scorecard! see more scores --&gt;  #votefood 
let’s not forget the gains we have made over the last  years. congress must #restorethevote! 
 : join us / in washington, dc with  &amp;  to talk #savingsbonds  https://t.c…
tune into rd #miiawhatsnext hearing at pm to hear dems discuss ways to update #makeitinamerica jobs plan: 
the #wateruse act will help consumers identify more efficient water products, such as toilets &amp; washing machines --&gt; 
the #wateruse act incentivizes consumers to purchase &amp; install residential ho efficient products or services --&gt; 
 labeled products are % more water-efficient.  learn about the #wateruse act here --&gt; 
if  in  homes in the us installed  labeled faucets in their bathrooms, it would reduce energy costs by &gt;$m. #wateruse  : the american people don’t want donald trump — or any other figure in government — to be the sole person who decides wh…
team castro attended the  digital inclusion summit hosted by . #digitalinclusionweek… 
team castro attended the th annual  vetserv. for information on how our office can be of assistance to… 
"congress cannot stand by as our president assaults our founding principles, and any move by this administration to… 
 : 🗣🗣🗣  reacts! first vice-chair  statement on president trump’s plan to change amendment g…
 :  the th amendment was passed to overturn the horrific dred scott decision where the supreme court ruled that…
the american people don’t want donald trump — or any other figure in government — to be the sole person who decides… 
 : thurs /: congressman  will join us, , &amp; ‘s phd colloquium to speak on “in…
 : president trump claimed in an interview the u.s. is the "only country in the world" with birthright citizenship.  that's f…
 : the president has beaten up on the #latino community as a political ploy. -
 : closing argument: build tent cities for migrants. end birthright citizenship. fear the caravan. send active-duty troops to the…
 : hispanic voters in texas have surged in early vote turnout by more than any other race/ethnicity, with a % increase. this i…
 : . and  have spent a year with the members of the first baptist church of sutherland springs. her…
 : just spoke with former  commissioner gil kerlikowske, who handled , unaccompanied children in the summer of '. h…
 : hey! thanks !  "'s  project does a stellar job of focusing on voting rights, in collabora…
 : thurs /: congressman  will join us, , &amp; ‘s phd colloquium to speak on “in…
 : just interviewed mexico's ambassador to the us, geronimo gutierrez. he used smaller numbers for the caravan - not ,, as…
 : the weekend began horribly, with the carnage in  pittsburgh, and it is ending badly, with the election of a populist/righ…
 excellent analysis in your article on trumpism from oct. . one of the best i’ve read at connecting the dots.
 :  cbp will need to hire more portuguese interpreters. when brazil descends into chaos they will start poppi…
 :   with the utmost respect, i don’t believe most americans are okay with leaving children in cages,…
 :  bruh, we still got children in cages. we can’t tell no one about human rights
brazil has elected a far-right leader with fascist tendencies as its new president. the united states, and the worl… 
 : hias ceo mark hetfield to : "the problem here is hate. the problem is, there is a growing space in this countr…
 : killer was angry at jews for helping immigrants from central america 
 : #sutherlandsprings fbc pastor pomeroy opened prayer by mentioning the #pittsburghshooting. he criticized truthers &amp; said…
 : "i arrived in the united states as a jewish refugee from iran in may . i was . i came with only a backpack and little e…
 : global tech stocks have lost about $ trillion of market value this month, hurt by worries over slowing global demand, valuation…
 : danielle kelley, wife of the sutherland springs gunman, sent me this essay a few weeks ago. i asked if we could publish…
 : a gunman who killed  people at a kroger in kentucky tried to enter a predominantly black church minutes before the attack, th…
today’s news out of pittsburgh is utterly heart-wrenching. politically motivated hate and anti-semitism has no plac… 
 : / voter intimidation has been reported in dallas county, with the  administrator calling it the worst s…
there is no place for violence, politically motivated or otherwise, in our nation, &amp; i am glad authorities arrested… 
team castro met with  this week to discuss the music industry. 
 : not sure if these disturbing photos make it into the intel briefings for . but share widely and weep. cc: …
 : president trump is rattling leaders around the world, but asia is particularly unsettled by concerns that the president…
 : the richest % of americans now own % of all stocks 
 : intimidation at polls!    
 : gen. ahmed al-assiri, the saudi intel chief taking the fall for the murder of jamal khashoggi, hobnobbed in new york with…
team castro hosted senior office hours at the willie m. cortez senior center. if you would like information on how… 
 : if you have info that could assist the #fbi's investigation of suspicious packages, call --callfbi (-) or use https://t…
 : it's a sad day in american politics when the president, too small to admit his venom has infected our discourse, too c…
 : mother jones has apparently obtained text messages that show roger stone was working to get a presidential pardon for wik…
great to see , jobs coming to san antonio with new  headquarters: 
 : a grand jury has indicted a san antonio cop who was caught on camera punching a -year-old girl in the face last year…
 : the chinese listen to president trump's cellphone calls, noting the people he talks to regularly in hopes of using them to…
 : from the guy running the election in america's fourth biggest city: "make no mistake, george soros wants to control ha…
 : we will not be intimidated by threats against the press or the leaders of our democracy. americans will never succumb to fear.…
 :  went to vote today when they informed me that i had allegedly signed up for a mail-in ballot, i didn’t.…
great to see so many early voters out in  despite issues slowing the process down. #govote
 : gutless attempts at inflicting terror will not stop our elected officials or free press from doing their job to defend our…
while we still await motive, the use of violence against those you may disagree with in our nation is unacceptable.… 
“we’re calling on the commissioners court and the county elections office to make sure that they do right by the pe… 
last week, i visited unaccompanied migrant children in tornillo. bc this site is an emergency shelter, it’s not eve… 
proud to see a san antonian competing in the  masters #stem middle school competition with her project… 
 : government had no organized plan for separated children at border, watchdog says  …
 : the trump administration from the persian gulf to the gulf of mexico blunders on nearly every foreign policy challenge.…
 : san antonians - while i was at the las palmas early voting site this morning two police officers patrolled through the…
 : most of what mr. trump says these days is literally made up. he's trying to construct a world of make believe and fairly…
 : congressman , texas state senator josé menéndez hold press conference on early voting issues in bexar c…
increasing education for the #latino community helps build out the infrastructure of opportunity. glad to see we’ve… 
happening now: press conference with  on early voting issues in   #beavoter
today at :pmct, i will be holding a press conference outside early voting site las palmas library with… 
it’s devastating to hear about veterans who sacrificed so much for our nation, now experience multiple health issue… 
the latest indictment shows the range of divisive political issues the russians sought to capitalize on like immigr… 
san antonians - while i was at the las palmas early voting site this morning two police officers patrolled through… 
team castro attended national disability employment awareness month as the city of san antonio issues a city procla… 
 : those san antonio early voting lines trouble , who visited a site today with  pollworker dealing with glit…
democrats are the majority in county government in bexar county. 
i have great respect for our county leaders, but voting in bexar county has been a terrible mess for several years.… 
at las palmas, there was a long line but only one poll worker to check ppl in. there are usually . also, there was… 
many san antonians have reached out to me this morning very upset over problems with early voting sites in bexar co… 
great to speak to the southwestern association of criminal justice conference last week in #sanantonio about findin… 
attn #texans: early #voting begins today and runs through nov. nd. visit   to learn more. #gotv #vote
team castro attended the unaccompanied burial of  veteran, mr. john ezba. on behalf of the sa community, we… 
 : videos and pictures of the migrant caravan are being weaponized. here's what  and  told me …
trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' econ… 
 : defenders investigation: a longtime sapd internal affairs investigator sat down with  and handed over informati…
 : carl bernstein: trump is the first us president "who uses lying and untruth as a basic method"  https:/…
 : u.s. general shot and wounded in kandahar, but u.s. military tries to cover it up. good scoop via ⁦⁩  https:…
it was great to join the  #walkendalz. #alzheimers is a truly terrible disease and we must continue… 
 : new: trump publicly backs saudi arabia but privately complains that jared kushner’s close relationship with the crown prin…
 :  i like to travel on buses &amp; train for going long travel. i like the buses to be safe, too...however, i…
 : trump’s immigration policy is a total failure. he told us that if we abused families by taking the little children from t…
greyhound faces challenges over cooperation with immigration checks on its buses 
 : this story is far from over. 
i hope  will make make a correction as other media outlets did yesterday.
i’m asking — based on concerns raised in previous reporting — for an investigation into whether kushner or another… 
as i clarified yesterday about a similar headline, i’m not accusing jared kushner of orchestrating any such thing.… 
 : a record . million texans are registered to vote for november's midterm elections 
 : when  uses such hateful rhetoric against us, he's not just attacking our immigrant communities. he's att…
 : the russian efforts to interfere in our political affairs did not end in , they didn’t even pause. today's indictmen…
 : breaking news: the justice department accused russians of interfering in the midterms, charging an employee of a putin ally in…
 : wonder where someone could get the idea that mexico is just sending drugs, crime, and rapists to the u.s.? maybe they're…
 : piece updated with 's clarification that he wasn't trying to accuse kushner of orchestrating the khashoggi…
for these reasons, congress should open an investigation to see whether  or any other admin official s… 
see here from :  (/)
see here from :  (/)
see here from the :  (/)
see here from :  (/)
there has been broad skepticism in the us intelligence community of ’s relationship with #mbs. see her… 
to be clear, i did not intend to accuse  of orchestrating anything. based on press reporting, i’m aski… 
regardless of immigration status, the constitution protects all people from racial profiling and warrantless search… 
joining   with  and  at :amct/:amet to discuss #jamalkhashoogi, imm… 
 : "wonderful," said bessie rodriguez, the mother of the slain son of little mexico. "i feel wonderful." dallas finally recognize…
but your admin is backing a lawsuit in #tx that would end protections for those with pre-existing conditions. #facts 
 : you literally threw a party on the white house lawn when republicans voted to take away coverage for people with pre-e…
 : brenda castillo, president of , led the march of about  people. "out of the  top films, we only have . perc…
 : protesters picketed at  for the second time yesterday in response to the studio's lack of latinx represen…
. acknowledges that cyber-attack attempts have increased since april &amp; are as sophisticated as we saw in … 
 : asked whether the foreign affairs committee would investigate the trump admin's handling of khashoggi's death, ranking me…
migrants fleeing violence and persecution in their home countries face increasing strife in #mexico before seeking… 
team castro joined fellow san antonians at the restored by light: reinspired art show at mission san juan capistran… 
glad to see our great city of san antonio investing more in our cyber capabilities starting with ’s national s… 
 : an honor to meet congressman joaquin castro, a kind man, a good leader, and a consistent advocate for human dignity. #bluewav…
 : this feels like a look-the-other-way payoff. 
 : trump says he has no financial ties to saudi arabia. i, ahem, beg to differ.  here are the receipts: …
 : new repo: why don't more texas latinos vote? many are cynical about politics and don't trust politicians,  re…
 :  yes, it does. say the cops are investigating a suspected murderer, and he suddenly gives a big donation to…
team castro attended the san antonio opportunity zone conference, hosted by ’s institute for economic developm… 
absolutely right. #kimjongun murdered his brother in #malaysia with vx nerve agent. #putin attempted to murder the… 
this feels like a look-the-other-way payoff. 
why did american taxpayers send  secretary  to saudi arabia if he did not want to “talk about a… 
 : donald trump's mysterious tax returns could be his greatest vulnerability, especially if democrats retake the house, writ…
team castro joined the san antonio charter amendment election panel discussion along with other citizens. 
team castro attended the centennial celebration of woodlawn lake park this weekend. 
 : "although i have been home from prison for nearly  years, the movie brought me right back to the days when i would lis…
 : a man is dead after he was shot by san antonio police after people reported someone trying to sell them something around …
 : texas students are now required to watch a video on how to avoid provoking a cop 
making families choose between staying detained together indefinitely or allowing their kids to be taken to govt sh… 
team castro attended the  lgbtq film festival and san antonio coming out day. 
team castro joined the  chalk it up festival where local artists came together to showcase their works whil… 
team castro joined the sastands meeting for an update on the cite and release efforts, and a know your rights works… 
team castro attended the forest hills branch library th anniversary over the weekend. 
 : .⁦⁩ returns to so-called “emergency” west texas tent city, calls it “permanent fixture” in the desert.  http…
 : #powerup is out! we spoke w the wh political shop about the anger election, don jr. &amp; kim guilfoyle embark on a montana bus…
 : !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  the u.s. government deficit grew to a staggering $ billion in fiscal year , a  percent ($ billi…
 : . at #wired: “i am concerned that the richest and most powerful people in the world are unwittingly fighting on bo…
 : they apparently don’t admit to interfering with elections the first time you ask them either. 
 : the white house is actively considering plans that could again separate parents and children at the u.s.-mexico border. h…
 : en route to tornillo to tour the trump administration’s expanding tent city for migrant children. deeply concerned with…
 :   if i ever commit a crime i’d like trump’s fbi to investigate and then have donald be…
people don’t usually admit to murder the first time you ask them. 
these shelters cause stress, prolonged illness, &amp; lasting mental &amp; physical consequences for kids. our govt must en… 
this month, i wrote   about disturbing reports that hundreds of migrant children were being shuttled… 
 : ice is deporting children without notifying their parents. 
 : "i hope that he is tough on saudi arabia, that he offers any united states help to turkey in the investigation," says congres…
 : us votes against un resolution condemning death penalty for gay sex, joining iraq and saudi arabia  america is one of…
 give me a call and i’ll try to find out for you. -- or --.
 :  in late july i registered  the s. frio st. voter registration office. two months passed - nada. the state w…
 : . editorial board:  “voters would be wise to reject all three” #propsabc   “a vote for these change…
 : exclusive excerpt of 's new memoir, involving him and brother  going off to  http…
 : new emails between wilbur ross and kris kobach reveal a central political motivation for changing the census question about…
 i’ll try to head out there tmrw afternoon.
 : experts attribute the relatively low suicide rate among latinos to the culture’s strong family and community support syst…
 is it this weekend?
 : kushner likely paid no federal income taxes for years, documents show 
 i’ll figure that out pretty soon. tornillo visit is at noon and the sw key facility is at  so it’s a… 
what’s going on at customs and border protection (cbp) is an urgent national security matter. + employees — empl… 
 : justice #kavanaugh finally admits that what happens + years ago matters—at least when it comes to immigrants.  https://…
 : hi from the #teenvoguesummit austin meetup where we’re talking to  and ana maria rea from  about…
 : a campaign staffer for mike siegel, the democrat challenging republican u.s. representative michael mccaul, was arrested…
full interview yesterday with   on the disappearance of #jamalkhashoggi: 
 : a dhs policy has been separating grandparents from their grandkids for "fraud, alleging  the family isn’t really a fami…
great to join #teenvoguesummit austin meet-up last night with 's ana maria rea and 's feature… 
if true, congress must investigate this abuse of intelligence and blatant undermining of u.s. national security imm… 
earlier this year, press reports indicated that saudi prince #mbs bragged that he received intelligence directly fr… 
i will be back at the tornillo tent city near el paso to inspect it and visit with the children being held there on october .
 :       the potus has also pointed out in the past t…
 : congressman  says u.s. must send a 'strong message' to saudi arabia over #jamalkhashoggi case. meanwhil…
 : not in my city. not now, not ever. #compassionatesa 
 : officials shut down arizona facility after staffers abuse three migrant children 
the indefinite detention of minors, in questionable facilities, will negatively impact these kids &amp; is degrading ou… 
.: “my grandparents came here through chain migration through western ireland. a lot of people did,… 
team castro attended “a look ahead at the th texas legislature “ to learn the state legislative priorities regard… 
 : horrifying. the gao shows how easy it is to hack us weapons systems. some still use basic admin passwords. another key pass…
it was great to welcome  students to #sanantonio this week to discuss matters surrounding urban latino c… 
team castro attended the san antonio’s single member districts celebrating equal representation and a civil rights… 
team castro attended the  luncheon featuring , the new  chancellor as he… 
great to join  this week to discuss the #goptaxbill's harmful effects on san antonians and the remain… 
team castro attended the unaccompanied veteran burials of  veterans, mr. david morales and mr. fred council… 
it was an honor to present medals to world war ii  veteran, private first class milton sauceda, this week. i… 
“to force a two-year-old to represent, sit there by herself, &amp; basically be in immigration court as though she is a… 
congrats to san antonio’s education service center region  for the $,  grant they received to suppo… 
 : the disappearance of jamal khashoggi is deeply alarming. i strongly urge  to push saudi officials for answers regardin…
joining   today at pmct/pmet to discuss the disappearance of saudi  journalist #jamalkhashoggi in #turkey.
 :  will be talking to us dem congressman  about what the us should do regarding what happened to…
you allowed the president to offer false facts — lies — unedited. there a difference between hosting a platform for… 
 : this column may break the record for the number of falsehoods from a president ever published in a newspaper op-ed. just this t…
 : in order to pay for trump's mass deportation agenda, hhs shifted crucial $ from cancer research, head start, hiv preven…
 : haley’s departure sparks a battle for the future of trump’s foreign policy  by me 
it was an honor to present medals to world war ii  veteran, private first class milton sauceda today. we tha… 
"what you see going on in the world right now is that a lot of authoritarian figures, whether its #erdogan in… 
team castro attended ’s cyber threat defender tournament over the weekend. students ages  and up competed in… 
joining    tonight at :pmct/:pmet to discuss #immigration latest.
 : san antonio earns perfect score in lgbtq equality metric, new report says 
earlier this year, the administration sought to convert  to a private corporation and i strongly oppose this p… 
congrats to  for receiving $, in  funds for #cybersecurity education:  
 : guests on the beat tonight!!     rep.                …
joining    at :pmct/:pmet to discuss ’s resignation as  ambassador,…   : thank you  for your staff's time to talk clean diesel at work in #maryland.  htt…
 : congratulations to all the #newdems named   fiiscal heroes! #newdem chair emeritus , …
 : over the past few days, suspicious packages containing bombs were found targeting certain public officials &amp; former lawma…
 : "all elected officials, including the president, have an obligation to tone down their rhetoric,"  joined…
 : over the past few days, suspicious packages containing bombs were found targeting certain public officials &amp; former lawma…
 : "all elected officials, including the president, have an obligation to tone down their rhetoric,"  discuss…
 : . is one of our  fiscal heroes. thank you for your efforts to #fixthedebt.
i am honored to receive a perfect  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq #equality. no one s… 
 : significant increase in funding to #umd research priorities and student financial aid programs thanks to md delegation…
cardin, van hollen, delaney announce essential air service extension for hagerstown regional airport  
this additional funding will allow fisher house to help more families and that’s something both republicans and dem… 
proud to see my amendment to increase funding for #fisherhouse included in the bill that passed the house last nigh… 
 : a big thank you to  and staff for all of your support in increasing funding to nih! #cancerlobbyday #acscan #a…
honored to be joining  this morning. these business owners are leaders of their communities all across t… 
as we await more details, our thoughts are with those in harford county. thank you to all our law enforcement offic… 
on this yom kippur, may all who observe have a meaningful fast.
delaney successful in securing funding for fisher house 
hurricane florence is proving to be a large and dangerous storm. many of our fellow americans are going to need ass… 
we cannot allow this administration to roll back these critical protections in the affordable care act. last week,… 
proud to work with  and  to seek additional resources for suicide prevention programs… 
the house is in session this week. here are the bills that are scheduled to come to the floor for a vote 
on the th anniversary of /, we honor those we lost, the heroes who ran toward chaos, the men and women who hav… 
in anticipation of #hurricaneflorence, please stay tuned to local forecasts and visit ,… 
wishing everyone celebrating a happy, healthy and sweet new year. shana tova! #roshhashanah
i was proud to work with congressmen serrano, stewart, and faso on this bipartisan letter to address gaps in mental… 
hensarling-delaney-himes announce bipartisan housing finance reform act  
spoke in today's hearing on the bipartisan housing finance reform act that chairman   &amp;  and… 
today   and i are announcing release of discussion draft of our bipartisan housing finance re… 
reps. gerry connolly and don beyer of virginia; steny hoyer, john sarbanes john delaney, anthony brown and jamie ra… 
 : trump's move to end a scheduled fed pay increase is cynical and another attack on federal employees. i joined …
good luck to all the students, parents and educators going back to school today! have a great school year.
 : happy #mcpsstday! have a wonderful day! 
way to go, rose! thank you to everyone who has volunteered to help local kids at children in need in hagerstown. 
proud to stand with them today in supporting raising the minimum wage, equal pay for equal work, universal health c… 
happy labor day! today we celebrate the talent, creativity and determination of hardworking americans. workers buil… 
... and we still have leaders who will uphold the values that made america great, and a beacon to the oppressed.” a… 
senator mccain in  remarks to the brigade of midshipmen at his beloved naval academy: “i believe in americans.… 
 : house reps i've seen so far in the capitol:  local  and . also, 
senator mccain embodied service, honor and patriotism. he showed us how to be principled and strong while also bein… 
prayers for senator mccain and his family 
this administration just has it completely backwards when it comes to gun safety. 
this effort by trump/devos goes against the intent of bipartisan legislation passed in congress this year. if they… 
there’s a lot we should do to make our kids safer at school, but using federal funds to bring guns into classrooms… 
today’s conviction of manafort is yet more evidence that the special counsel’s investigation is not a witch hunt an… 
cities, states, and responsible members of congress alike must do everything we can to stop this assault on our env… 
every american should be alarmed by what this white house is doing. president trump doesn’t want to just ignore cli… 
to all celebrating - eid mubarak! 
in today’s world, we certainly need more of what aretha franklin taught us – respect. may we celebrate her leadersh… 
we know that foreign adversaries are trying to undermine our elections and we know that we have vulnerabilities. we… 
proud to have introduced the children and media research advancement (camra) act in the house.  bipartisan ✅ bicame… 
reality once again proving that the argument that the gop tax cuts would pay for themselves was completely untrue  
last week i was proud to introduce legislation with , ,  and others to authorize rese… 
it's almost like the climate is changing and that this change will have major consequences, including ones that wil… 
i fully support  making maryland a leader on this issue and the work of other ags across the nation to… 
we cannot allow untraceable and unregistered d-printed guns – especially without any safeguards or background chec… 
 : thank you, , for calling for much needed science on how kids are impacted by screens. as safe technology…
this is a perfect example of serious legislation that deserves bipartisan support, and i hope my colleagues on both… 
sexual and domestic violence affects more than  in  women in the united states, and funding for local law enforce… 
i am proud to be an original cosponsor of the  reauthorization of the violence against women act, which would e… 
 : i’ve introduced a bill with , sen. , , , , , and…
this should have never happened and it should bring shame to all of us that it was done in our government’s name.… 
despite what the  and  might claim, this remains a #humanitarian #crisis that they caused, that t… 
today is the court-ordered deadline for the trump administration to #reuniteeverychild that's been detailed w/ thei… 
 : interesting panel hosted by  regarding the applicability of ai in healthcare. thanks to ai caucus co-chair …
delaney, budd, markey, sasse, introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation to study impact of technology and media o… 
 : first in :  and  will introduce their bill today for nih to study the effects of pro…
 : great bipartisan letter from the entire delegation urging  to protect marylanders from out of state air polluti…
the most effective way to combat climate change is to put a price on carbon. my floor speech: 
trade wars are not good and they are not easy to win. 
the house is in session this week. here's what we're scheduled to vote on: 
 : maryland congressmen introduce bill to block foreign ownership of election systems    https://…
delaney, harris introduce bipartisan legislation to protect elections systems from foreign ownership and control  
today, i voted against a house republican resolution attacking the idea of a #carbontax. putting a price on carbon… 
 :  years ago, july , women at the seneca falls convention pledged to fight for women’s right to vote. today in ,…
 : just heard a refreshingly brief and insightful contextualization of #ai from ai caucus co-chair . well d…
our election systems are targets of attacks, and we must take steps to harden and protect our democratic institutio… 
it’s alarming that so much of our elections systems could be controlled by foreign-owned entities. this legislation… 
last week the fbi informed md officials that a firm used by the state for voter registration, election night result… 
the house is in session this week. here's a list of the bills the speaker is bringing to the floor for a vote 
instead of defending our nation, our intelligence community, and our democracy our commander-in-chief sided with th… 
. &amp;  to file bipartisan legislation to block foreign ownership and control of u.s. e… 
delaney statement on president trump’s remarks in helsinki  
not a witch hunt 
but those disagreements and the battle of different ideas should strengthen us. they should never lead to personal… 
he has seen what terrorism can do firsthand, so to call him that is unacceptable and just plain wrong. we are given… 
i was truly shocked to see mayor bruchey's comments about london's mayor, sadiq khan. mayor khan is global advocate… 
 : advocating on capital hill, our first visit is with rep. john delaney. appreciate his support and vision for public educat…
today, the #maryland delegation observed a moment of silence on the house floor for the victims of the… 
had a wonderful time this morning on the  #artificialintelligence panel with … 
 :       great #ai program #politicotech. …
 : "it is going to start with the states, like ca, which people have mixed views of. there will be a patchwork of state regul…
 : very interactive #politicotech panel today w/     garfield …
 : two questions to keep in mind when considering ai policy: with respect to communities that have been disadvantaged in thi…
 : "two questions that need to be asked - do these technologies have the possibility of reinforcing inequities? are children…
 : #us private sector is ahead of #china in developing #ai but "we have to put them in a position where they play by the ru…
 : ., dean garfield of it industry council agree us shouldn't "sacrifice citizen" privacy or property to d…
 : china's edge on ai has been smart investments in research and also "not playing by the rules,"  #politicot…
 : there are a "million steps" between now and any doomsday scenario on ai where there is opportunity for human intervention…
 : . says everyone goes to doomsday scenarios but along the way of technology's development, there are opportu…
 : innovation has been proven to be beneficial to mankind over time, but not equally and all at the same time. all members of…
 : "the toothpaste is already out of the tube in terms of how ai is affecting our lives," , co-chair, ai cauc…
 : “ai is upon us, ignoring it and not developing a strategy for it is shortsighted on the part of hr white house” …
 : "the national strategy should include how to protect the privacy of our citizens and affirmative steps we want to take. it…
 : "the notion that ai isn't already upon us and affecting us in profound ways is short sided. the toothpaste is already out…
 : now starting: #politicotech live panel conversation with  featuring rashida richardson, , …
 : today at am iti's dean garfield will be on a  panel with    and…
 : starting soon: 's discussion about government’s role in artificial intelligence with  ’s ,…
our economic competitors are ramping up their investment in artificial intelligence r&amp;d and preparing for the chang… 
looking forward to joining  and  and having a great discussion on #artificialintelligence with… 
the house is in session this week. here's what we're scheduled to vote on: 
the latest self-imposed road block for president trump's infrastructure "plan" 
last week my amendment to double federal funding for fisher house was added to the defense bill. #fisherhouse does… 
wendi winters: 
john mcnamara: 
gerald fischman: 
rob hiaasen: 
rebecca smith: 
please take time to read about the five souls tragically killed yesterday in #annapolis. journalists &amp; papers like… 
absolutely devastated by the shooting at the capital gazette in annapolis. horrifying. i can’t imagine what the sta… 
we should return to a -votes requirement for supreme court nominees, and if president trump and senator mcconnell… 
for the good of our nation, president trump should nominate a supreme court justice in kennedy’s mold of reasonable… 
upon reflection, it's clear that we really only have one option: to restore civility, judicial independence, and be… 
so now, we have before us a sadly familiar dilemma – how do we respond after so many norms of respect, civility and… 
in a single move, he exposed as hollow decades of his own rhetoric about his supposed belief in the institutional h… 
senator mcconnell’s decision to ignore president obama’s nomination of merrick garland in  will go down in hist… 
delaney statement on the future of the supreme court  
delaney votes for bipartisan defense appropriations bill  
just spoke on the house floor on behalf of my amendment to the defense appropriations bill to increase funding for… 
delaney votes against another partisan house immigration bill  
this was only an attempt at "compromise" between republicans, so no real compromise at all. 
 : large group meeting with ’s office for #netneutrality #advocacyday, discussing lack of telecom provider…
 great job on the lte, sydney - and thank you for the kind words. always proud to stand with you and… 
the house is in session this week. here's a rundown of the bills that will be on the floor for a vote: 
 : #dyk the plan for the #gibill was sketched out on a restaurant napkin at the mayflower hotel in washington, dc?  #cheers…
on this day in , president franklin d. roosevelt signed the servicemen’s readjustment act of , also known a… 
 : well said  
 : fcc staff members ivania amador &amp; kathy green met with 's legislative counsel, miya patel to share stories…
i’m proud to stand with my  colleagues to demand that our president #endfamilyseperation immediately… 
showing compassion and empathy doesn’t make us weaker – it bring us together. as robert f. kennedy said, “our attit… 
this administration has proven to be intolerant, inhumane, and cruel – and we must #keepfamiliestogether. i’m proud… 
on #juneteenth, the oldest known celebration commemorating the end of slavery in the united states, we remember… 
 : . is giving america a false choice. protecting our borders doesn’t mean tearing apart families – and we have…
this is deeply immoral and profoundly wrong. our country is better than this.  
#eidmubarak to all those celebrating the end of #ramadan! 
happy rd birthday to the ! today, we celebrate their achievements throughout the years and thank all memb… 
on june , , the united states’ flag was officially adopted by the second continental congress for our newly-f… 
 : we had a fabulous book party this morning with  and his new book: the right answer. thanks to all those…
 : . holding a discussion on his new book, "the right answer” and how we can heal the political divide in am…
  
two years later, we remember the tragic loss of  loved ones in the #pulseshooting. it's time that we… 
 : thank you for tuning into our discussion on the #aiera. archive footage will be available shortly at …
 : . says he misses the office of technology assessment in the u.s., but he says, it's most important that convers…
 : anti-trust hasn't adapted well to technology and big data, says . what if you have a firm that doesn't discri…
 : . says there should be a four-point national ai strategy that:  . protects citizens and consumers.  . i…
 :  says we need more digital literacy in the us senate 
 : . acknowledges that lawmakers did not display lot of technological literacy during the zuckerberg senate t…
 : . believes in free market capitalism and wants the us to be the center of ai innovation, but says that go…
 : . asks if governance is needed to ensure that ai innovation doesn't harm marginalized people.  s…
 : it is never too early to prepare for the problems of the future, says  #aiera 
 : . says she thinks most people agree with fundamental elements of #gdpr: when information about you is process…
 : the reason russia used social media to interfere in the us election is because of lax disclosure rules. government failin…
 : . says policymakers in the u.s. have historically not been particularly good at adapting to change. he for…
 : starting now: our final #aiera panel, "the policy and legal issues involving ai,"  featuring , …
look forward to joining    this morning at  to talk #ai policy. 
  samantha is a huge asset to our office and the work she does is critical to combatin… 
 : "the american people are so much greater than the sum of our political parties," says . he praises ccle…
 : "i say to my fellow democrats, we should come up with a climate plan that we are comfortable and proud to announce in coal coun…
 : "i believe strongly that the american people are so much greater than the sum of our political parties." --  #cc…
 : samantha price from ’s office and josh lipman from ’s offices are giving these #ccl at…
 : . es el autor de la ley de la comisión de soluciones climáticas. introdujo varios proyectos de ley sobre fij…
thanks . 
 : the american people are so much greater than the sum of the political parties --  #ccl …
thanks . 
it was an honor to join the great folks at  this evening. they are true heroes in the fight against… 
 years ago, president kennedy signed the #equalpayact into law. as a nation, we've made tremendous progress on eq… 
"i leave this life with no regrets. it was a wonderful life full and complete with the great loves and great endeav… 
the loss of 's #anthonybourdain is a tragedy. his life inspired second chances, the understanding of other cult… 
congrats to the  and our amazing city ! welcome home !
#capitals #champions #washingtondc 
nearly , scientists &amp; scientific orgs oppose 's "transparency rule" and i’ve joined + of my colleagues d… 
“from the first moment of independence, the united states has been dedicated to innovation as a way of government a… 
 : thx for participating in  photo shoot today ! we must do our part to promote #noh in every pl…
we all must stand together to promote #noh. proud of  &amp;  for the work they’re doing at… 
on this day  years ago, allied forces stormed the beaches of normandy, france in one of the most remarkable displ… 
today’s disappointing scotus opinion highlights why we must pass the equality act to ensure nationwide nondiscrimin… 
today, on #nationalgunviolenceawarenessday, we must redouble our efforts stop the senseless loss of life from gun v… 
#climatechange threatens our public health, our environment, our economy, and our national security. we should be l… 
happy #pridemonth! this month and every month, i am proud to stand with the #lgbtq community in the fight for e… 
they "win" ➡️ the country loses  
my heart is heavy with the death of national guardsman and air force veteran sgt. eddison "eddie" a. hermond in… 
 : 🔊: on this #memorialday, watch and listen as members of the #usnavy ceremonial guard use poetry in motion and words to share th…
 : #honorthem  from wars of long ago to those of recent times, #memorialday provides us as a nation with an opportunity to pause a…
remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice for this country. my memorial day message:  
house passes bipartisan fy defense authorization bill  #ndaa #nato #bipartisan
my amendment to reaffirm our commitment to #nato was added to #ndaa. important to stand with our allies and partner… 
bipartisan delaney amendment on nato added to defense authorization bill  #nato #ndaa
april and i send our prayers and condolences to the family of officer caprio. her loss is a tragic reminder that ou… 
today’s #farmbill vote shows that the answer is working in a bipartisan manner and focusing on the goals that we al… 
it’s hard to overstate just how disastrous and shameful this bill is and it is a victory for the country that it wa… 
so devastating to see more young people killed at school. we have to act, we can’t just watch this keep happening.…  will we stand up for democracy? for freedom of speech? will we stand up for our fellow citizens? will we stand up f… 
the acts of anger &amp; fear that have played out across this nation over the last two weeks underscore exactly what is… 
we have a constitution &amp; a congress for a reason. i urge all americans to reject any effort to shred our core value… 
the president's announcement that he will unilaterally seek to revoke long-established birthright citizenship is as… 
questions about how to enroll or re-enroll in your healthcare coverage?  will be hosting enrollment… 
he never gave up. he never gave in. nor should we. god speed, sam beamon. our prayers, our thanks, and our love go with you.
we lost a great american, a proud marine, and i lost a very dear friend yesterday. sam beamon helped teach me how t… 
spent some time today with members of the ct alliance for retired americans in #newbritain, &amp; was honored to receiv… 
thanks to law enforcement for putting their lives on the line in pittsburgh and around the country to keep us safe every day.
our hearts go out to the tree of life congregation and the community of squirrel hill. hate undermines our democrac… 
thanks to all the hard working men and women of law enforcement for their ongoing work to identify and apprehend ev… 
we should unite to condemn these dangerous acts  of domestic terrorism. violence has no place in our democracy. 
supporting the women who put their lives on the line for our country is something we should all embrace. 
icymi: 
 : social security is not an “entitlement”. it's time we correct this misnomer. social security is the insurance that you h…
thank you for joining us, . your leadership on this important issue does not go unnoticed nor unappreci… 
#honorwithaction 
 : thank you  and  for your participation in national principals month! #thankaprincipal 
to honor him today with the purple heart &amp; other military medals he earned while stationed overseas was an incredib… 
i've known jason a long time. his work as a vso for the  has helped veterans all across ct access &amp; u… 
honestly, what excites me most about this stem lab is the enthusiasm these students bring to the table. they have a… 
thank you for the warm welcome and the tour of lincoln middle's new stem lab! this is what the future of education… 
 : we will be holding our #turnouttuesday roundtable discussion with   on gun violence prevention at pm (…
 : this is a brazen and unequivocal attack on the dignity and very lives of transgender people. we will fight to the bitter…
congratulations to these outstanding folks! inspiring stories from those who put their community (and our country)… 
an incredible story of strength &amp; courage. thank you, muriel, for all you have done on behalf of this country. we a… 
these girls right here? they’re the next generation of leaders. silly faces and all. 
looking forward to sitting down with you all! 
incredible start to the day by visiting arlington national cemetery &amp; learning more about the southern expansion pr… 
and icymi: last week, i joined leading lgbtqia+ activists to discuss what we can do to ensure we protect the rights… 
proud to stand with  on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the l… 
a great initiative by the #brookfield vfw to remind our servicemen and women we are behind them: 
juntos podemos. 
 : roundtable discussion in torrington on the opioid crisis.  is talking with stakeholders at the mccall center for b…
a powerful ceremony this past weekend in bantam as people from all over connecticut gathered to remember those lost… 
 : thank you ! #americorpsnccc team river  was thrilled to have the opportunity to serve the great state of conne…
it was a pleasure meeting all of you, and thank you for all your work in making our communities stronger!… 
as part of their service with the steep rock association, the americorps nccc team expanded trails by building and… 
well, last week, i was able to join some of these americorp team members to thank and recognize them for all their… 
did you know that more than   &amp; senior corps members have served in over  locations throughout… 
reminder: tonight is our hispanic heritage month celebratory event, juntos podemos: together we can. event begins a… 
joined my longtime and dear friend larry rifkin () to record an interview with  at trinity… 
i am proud to work with community leaders &amp; activists alike on improving the lives of lgbtqia+ americans not just i… 
take #danbury, for example: danbury public schools just announced they will incorporate training to help teachers &amp;… 
it's important we listen, amplify, &amp; act on the concerns &amp; ideas raised by those seeing &amp; working first-hand to add… 
this morning, i joined local elected officials, leaders, activists, &amp; educators at  in #newbritain to discuss… 
and, although there is still much work to do in the cause of equality and strengthening all families, i am proud to… 
this is personal for many american families, including my own. my brother had the courage to come out in , when… 
i introduced a resolution as part of my commitment to stand with those who face bigotry, discrimination, &amp; violence… 
today is a solemn reminder of how much more we must do to secure full rights and protections to all americans regar… 
twenty years ago, matthew shepard's family didn’t bury his remains after he was beaten &amp; left to die out of concern… 
thank you for joining us, leah! proud to know you and work alongside you on these issues! 
 : happy national coming out day! 
i hope you can join me this monday, october , at the meriden board of education as we celebrate hispanic heritage… 
there is still plenty of work to be done in order to make sure our friends, families, and neighbors receive the att… 
several communities, such as bridgewater, new milford, and roxbury continue to struggle cleaning up debris on their… 
now, fema should follow suit to do all that it can to ensure folks get the resources and supplies they need continu… 
while i was there, i was touched to see such incredible displays of compassion as we met family after family workin… 
after this past may’s tornado and severe weather, i saw first-hand in communities across my district the damage and… 
we should be confronting the economic and environmental realities of our changing climate. we need to have an hones… 
by ignoring the u.n.'s most urgent call for action on climate change, this administration continues to endanger the… 
what will it take for this administration to take the very real threat of climate change seriously? 
my heart goes out to megumi's family and friends, and the entire cheshire high school community as we mourn the los… 
forever inspired by you, emma. thank you for using your voice to help put an end to gun violence in our communities. 
a fine man who served his community with honor and dignity. thank you for your service, chief lucas. 
this is incredibly concerning. we need to be doing all we can to ensure families have access to affordable health c… 
there's still time to register for the  congressional app challenge, with two weeks until the october  deadli… 
how does this decision make us a stronger country? how does this make us a more equal society? this is absolutely s… 
if you, a loved one, a friend, or coworker, or anyone you know who is eligible and interested in participating in t… 
just a reminder: my office will be hosting a second vietnam war commemoration &amp; pinning ceremony on thurs., oct. … 
connecticut continues to lead by example! 
nothing but respect for our . 
powerful thread. behind the numbers &amp; statistics around gun violence, there are people. people with stories, with p… 
great news! 
we need every american to speak up now. we need to sit around the table with those who disagree with us and stop le… 
today, i want you to know that i am just as outraged as you that this congress has yet to take meaningful and signi… 
so many of us still stand with you. we still grieve with you, and we cherish the memory of your loved ones whose li… 
a year ago today, we learned the heart-wrenching news that  lives had been taken from us in a depraved act of vio… 
icymi: 
 : thank you to  for your hard work on the #faareauthorization! thank you for helping to train and recruit more women i…
additionally, this bill included language from my bill, the women veterans peer counseling enhancement act. support… 
plus, by expanding social services that also promote access to health care and support our children and seniors, it… 
that's why i am pleased to see strong bipartisan passage of this important legislation today. it will bring much-ne… 
the opioid epidemic has ravaged communities across connecticut, leaving families and friends to struggle as they wo… 
don't find a fault, find a remedy. 
#honorwithaction 
productive meeting with former senator trent lott and the problem solvers caucus today. he reflected on a time when… 
women bring new perspectives, skills, &amp; backgrounds to the table--all things we know are necessary for american com… 
that’s why i was prompted to introduce the promoting women in aviation workforce act back in december , and i’m… 
while women make up over half of the american workforce, they are significantly underrepresented in the aviation in… 
 : thank you  for showing your commitment to the #alzheimers and dementia community in cosponsoring the #boldalzheimers…
she inspires her students and staff alike to be the best they can be while fostering an inclusive and welcoming env… 
yesterday i had the pleasure to sit down with dianne vumback, the connecticut principal of the year form lincoln mi… 
good news for ct as communities across the state continue to combat the devastating effects of the opioid crisis th… 
for the female trailblazers who came before me and made my dreams a reality to the future leaders of tomorrow who m… 
a special message for all those first generation college students out there: 
we ought to be doing all we can to ensure towns and cities across connecticut get the assistance, resources, and fu… 
and the numbers don't lie: studies show that children who are well-nourished are ready to learn &amp; thrive in the cla… 
when our schools do a good job of providing access to healthy foods, parents can go to work and know their children… 
we cannot let this go unnoticed and unchallenged. an absolutely heartless decision that will further harm already v… 
reminder: an investment in infrastructure is an investment in safety, jobs, and the competitiveness of american-own… 
thank you all for selflessly answering the call to service and to defend our country. we are forever a grateful nat… 
don't forget, today is #museumday &amp; with  museums across ct participating in the event, where will your curiosity… 
this is a win for ct. by expanding access to treatment and recovery, we will be able to use these dollars to save l… 
when you find what works, you stick with it: poppyseed toasted with cream cheese, lox, and a slice of tomato. in th… 
if we remain committed to finding a solution and understanding about the role burn pits play in impacting the healt… 
understanding the health effects of burn pit exposure may take decades &amp; we may never know the full range of substa… 
i also called on them to explain what they are doing to ensure the proper oversight &amp; accountability for contractor… 
but, there is more we can and should be doing. i sent a letter to dept. of defense secretary mattis, asking him to… 
last week, the house passed legislation that included funding for burn pit centers and research--which is a great f… 
connecticut’s friends, families, &amp; loved ones in puerto rico &amp; the u.s. virgin islands deserve more than a federal… 
three and a half million americans continue to suffer without reliable access to clean drinking water, food, &amp; shel… 
one year after hurricane maria &amp; the devastation it caused in puerto rico &amp; the u.s. virgin islands, this congress… 
this is remarkable! this is why encouraging women to go into stem fields is important: b/c it brings new ideas to t… 
he has compromised our country's ability to collect highly sensitive information vital to our nation's security. i… 
the president's unilateral decision to declassify this information, against the unified advice of his national secu… 
making history in her own right with a well-earned recognition. what a remarkable story! congratulations on your su… 
congress’s lagging response in addressing the seriousness of the situation, &amp; providing the necessary aid vital to… 
as we approach the one year anniversary since hurricane maria hit puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands, it absol… 
this is why investing in transportation and infrastructure is so important. it has the power to transform a communi… 
we're asking that veterans interested in participating in this second event to please get their information to my o… 
a few weeks ago, i joined vietnam veterans from across ct- to recognize their service to this country. after reali… 
 : #icymi: 's julia castillo and  had an important discussion on why #transit must remain accessible in th…
sending all good wishes to my friend and mentor  for speedy healing! and love to both you and .
last week, during a  committee hearing on ptc implementation, i called for better rail safety &amp; improved… 
as vice ranking member of the  committee, &amp; nearly -year member of the water resources subcommittee, i a… 
so many of our cities and towns have been ravaged by floods over the years, with the loss of lives as well as the l… 
on thursday, the house passed the america’s water infrastructure act, which included three of my amendments that wo… 
it's no secret that improving our country's infrastructure has been one of my top priorities since coming to congre… 
it's back! thrilled to invite students in ct's th district to participate in the  edition of the app challenge… 
be sure to mark your calendars: september  is museum day, &amp; we're fortunate to have  museums across ct particip… 
exploring the lasting health impacts of burn pits on our military men and women is long overdue, and i hope this st… 
you can read more about what this means for veterans in connecticut and across our country here: .
this week, the house passed a funding package that funds several important agencies and projects. there is one sect… 
our military men and women deserve acknowledgement and study of the health impact of burn pits. and, most important… 
the courageous men &amp; women of our military who are endure toxic exposure and risk their long-term health on our nat… 
while it's important we pay attention to the visible wounds of war, our veterans also suffer from less visible cond… 
we owe it to all veterans to ensure that they are able to access the benefits that they have earned through service… 
according to the blinded veterans association, there are an estimated over , legally blinded veterans in the… 
yesterday, i testified before the  health subcommittee to discuss what we can do to encourage a mor… 
it's about time. 
 : just in: the census bureau now estimates more than  million americans are living in poverty, and the #paygap for women h…
cuts to programs like meals on wheels would have a devastating impact on some of the most vulnerable people, and we… 
beyond these meals, though, meals on wheels provides our seniors with a warm and friendly interaction every day. th… 
earlier this week, i joined meals on wheels to deliver lunch to folks enrolled in the program. meals on wheels is i… 
made it in time to the #danbury fire department to watch them raise the flag outside the fire house. 
stopped by the #bethel police department to drop off some goodies to thank our men and women in blue for their serv… 
in #torrington, the north end fire house is home to a powerful memorial that hosts a beam pulled from the world tra… 
and right here in #cheshire, along the linear trail, we will never forget mark jardim, a runner and son of our town… 
we will never forget. 
we should not deny any veteran the medical treatment they need to live healthy and productive lives. i am proud to… 
the va’s prohibition on surgical treatment for veterans experiencing gender dysphoria is not only discriminatory, b… 
caring for our military servicemen &amp; women is one of our top priorities. and, for the more than , transgender… 
since its inception in , american legion posts right here in connecticut have devoted their time, resources, &amp;… 
here's to ida lewis, the heroine of lime rock lighthouse, and the first woman to have a street named after her at a… 
signs of the changing times: a baby changing table has been added to the women's room just off the house floor! the… 
we need real, comprehensive immigration reform that will not allow this administration to find new excuses and just… 
their pain, their suffering, has stayed with me long after my visit with them. just thinking about what horrors the… 
i am unable to forget, unable to shake, the conversations i had back in june with mothers being held at the port is… 
well said, . this administration hopes we will forget about the abuse they are inflicting on these fami… 
be sure to bring your dd paperwork with you &amp; arrive at : am. my staff &amp; i will have forms on hand for you to… 
we want to make sure we honor all those who are eligible for a pin and who wish to join us this weekend at coe park… 
i've received a number of calls from folks who are interested in participating or attending this saturday's vietnam… 
investing in our transportation network goes beyond filling pot holes and building bridges. it means modernizing ou… 
being on time two-thirds of the time is not an accomplishment. folks depend on reliable trains to get to and from w… 
spent some time with  today putting together care packages for military spouses, who wholeheartedly deserve… 
back in may, i observed first-hand the real damage this storm caused a number of families, where uprooted trees cam… 
there’s no place quite like newtown on labor day! 
"nearly two-thirds of the  minors still in custody — including  “tender-age” children, who are younger than … 
good. as if losing their child was not enough, his irresponsible and reckless comments only added to their pain. 
after a few scorching hot days, it was a great day for an early morning walk on the cheshire linear park! 
a great visit yesterday with mayor carbone &amp; folks from five points gallery to discuss opportunities about what we… 
congratulations to all these fantastic teachers! the work you do day in and day out for your students is truly incr… 
put your hands in the air if you’re ready for back to school! 
picture of sen. john mccain at the  signing of the clay hunt bill to prevent military and veteran suicide--an i… 
 :  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, and out…
productive meeting today with ct junior republic discussing what else we can do on the state &amp; federal level to mak… 
 : happy th birthday to ms. katherine johnson, nasa human computer who calculated trajectories for the apollo space missions…
#remembertheladies #womensequalityday 
tonight we have lost a great american hero. john mccain - you did your country and democracy proud. god bless you a… 
from ct to dc, we are so proud of the work we get to do with you on behalf of ct-. we hope you have a great day (a… 
it may not be thursday, but here is a throwback! it’s rep. esty’s birthday today so her staff is hacking her page t… 
a fighter in his own right who works incredibly hard on the behalf of our nation's veterans and military members. k… 
that's why it's more important than ever for members of congress to protect the independence of the mueller investi… 
we need to learn the full extent of foreign interference and any other improper activity in that election, in no sm… 
tuesday's convictions and guilty plea raise very serious questions about the integrity of those surrounding the pre… 
thank you for the early birthday card, ! it is such a pleasure to serve with you! 
in february, i introduced the notice act to increase transparency in power plant construction. if this admin's prop… 
time &amp; time again, i hear from farmers about which policies affect their work &amp; what resources they need to be succ… 
we can no longer afford to ignore the dangers of climate change and the consequences of our nation's dependency on… 
reminder: we're entering the final week before this friday's deadline to submit your paperwork to participate in my… 
the boots to business program through the small business administration is a great initiative that helps our vetera… 
very troubling news. if these reports are true, we ought to be holding these folks accountable for their actions &amp;… 
great community resources event today in #waterbury from :-: pm at fulton park. they’ll have folks on hand to… 
interesting piece on the role that artificial intelligence may have in helping veterans find employment as they tra… 
there is more work to be done while we remain committed and ready to assist those who need it.
according to a recent cdc report, drug overdoses killed about , americans last year. the opioid crisis a natio… 
deeply troubling news about the skyrocketing number of overdoses due to k in connecticut over the past  hours. k… 
last year, drug overdoses killed about , americans, which is a  percent increase from the previous year. our… 
community health centers provide accessible, high-quality care to all patients regardless of their ability to pay.…  today, i joined  of my florida colleagues in sending a letter to attorney general pam bondi asking her to drop the… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
magda brown’s story is a beautiful reminder of perseverance &amp; strength in the face of hatred. we must come together… 
honored to receive 💯on my #aauw voting record - i'll never stop fighting for women &amp; families! 
antisemitic incidents rose by % last year in the us, the largest increase on record. today,  lives were cut sho… 
deeply disturbed and saddened by reports of a shooting at a pittsburg synagogue. i am monitoring the situation and… 
i call on  and all americans to condemn these despicable acts and reject hateful rhetoric of all kinds. while… 
i thank the brave law enforcement agencies and postal workers for saving lives by intercepting the bomb packages an… 
the old bait-n-switch --  is the expert on it. he has a record of saying one thing and then doing a… 
. will bring down drug prices by allowing medicare negotiation, creating a ‘drug price gouging’ enforcer… 
.'s new report is gut wrenching &amp; further shows intimate partner violence can have devastating conseque… 
as the #opioidepidemic devastates families &amp; communities across the country, ’s continued attacks o… 
#reprorightsarehumanrights and i refuse to allow the trump admin’s  to erase the realities that women and… 
this is completely unacceptable. glad to hear my colleague  &amp; her staff are safe. i'm continuing to monit… 
violence is never acceptable - i'm closely monitoring this situation and thank secret service and law enforcement f… 
tune in ten minutes! - i'll be speaking with 's  &amp;  about the importance of hav… 
hey  -- the american people can see through your lies. are you aware of what your administration di… 
great news for #pbc -- the water resources development act was signed into law, which includes important projects t… 
polio cases have been reduced by .% globally, from , per year in  to just  cases in ! this… 
these are heartbreaking stories. pregnancy discrimination still happens in workplaces across the country, forcing s… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
this is pretty clear: republicans want to take away your #healthcare -- including coverage for those with pre-exist… 
if we close the gender gap in the workforce, we could add $ trillion to the global gdp! my bill w/ , t… 
this proposal is an attack on the dignity &amp; very lives of transgender people. i'll never stop fighting for the righ… 
proud to lead the bipartisan women's caucus with my co-chair , working on issues that affect us all. w… 
 : this is you and all your friends laughing hysterically about gutting preexisting conditions a year ago. you thought we f…
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
in under two years, trump's dangerous expanded #globalgagrule is wreaking havoc on countries desperate for basic he… 
all along,  knew the outcome of their #goptaxscam – exploding the deficit by $tril then demanding massive… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
what an achievement! lt. gen. laura j. richardson will be the first woman to lead the largest command in the army.… 
remember when republicans promised their #goptaxscam - the trillion dollar tax cut for the wealthy - would "pay for… 
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be… 
did you know nearly  people per minute are physically abused by an intimate partner in the us? terrifying. this… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
it’s not hard to read between the lines: saudi arabia has spent millions on trump businesses, which has lined… 
i’m deeply concerned by reports that saudi arabia assassinated jamal khashoggi. the united states must be a moral v… 
the truth comes out! this was their deceptive plan all along. after exploding the deficit by $tril w/the… 
this is disgusting behavior from anyone, no less the president of the united states. make no mistake,… 
my colleagues &amp; i wrote to  b/c she hasn't sought feedback from a broad group of survivors &amp; advocacy… 
 : today’s report from the trump admin that the federal deficit rose % to reach $ billion in fy  is the direct result of…
the bipartisan #empoweract says #timesup for workplace harassment by boosting transparency&amp;accountability. among it… 
congress should echo the calls of millions by passing policies that would create safer workplaces &amp; empower survivo… 
since #metoo()sexual harassment charges to eeoc rose by % () raised $m to help workers in every in… 
thanks to #metoo, state legislatures all over the country have introduced + bills to strengthen defenses against… 
october  marks the  year anniversary of #metoo going viral thanks to brave survivors like ,… 
heartbreaking to learn that  floridians lost their lives to #hurricanemichael &amp; + are still missing - my thought… 
 : . and  push for girls education on international day of the girl 
i'll never stop fighting for women's equality, economic security and access to education. proud that my % score… 
today marks  years since the death of matthew shepard. i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor matthew &amp; af… 
 : reps. frankel, brooks introduce bipartisan effort to help girls around the world stay in school #dayofthegirl …
sometimes people ask me, “what are democrats for?”   it’s pretty simple: we want to lower health care costs, increa… 
 : proud to join , , and  in introducing the keeping girls in school act. passing it…
 : all girls should be educated &amp; empowered! thanks  &amp;  for the #keepinggirlsinschoolact! way to #lea…
let's be very clear: democrats are committed to the safety &amp; security of our greatest friend &amp; ally, #israel. our s… 
 : when girls stay in school, their communities are healthier, wealthier &amp; safer. on #dayofthegirl, i’m proud to join …
 : failing  educate a child robs her of economic opportunities &amp; deprives her of her voice &amp; future place in the world. i'm pr…
when girls are educated&amp;taught workforce skills, we can uplift communities, reduce poverty, and create a more peace… 
#factcheck: trump's admin is actively undermining affordable healthcare&amp;protections for people with pre-existing co… 
absolutely horrifying. after ripping children away from their families, parents are at greater risk of losing their… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
if you’re in the path of #hurricanemichael, make sure your hurricane prep is done today and leave immediately if yo… 
there’s no time to waste. republicans &amp; #toxictrump have abandoned any progress to reverse #climatechange in order… 
proud of #wpb for receiving another perfect score from  for #lgbtq inclusive city laws &amp; policies. well-deserve… 
🚨  #sfl: today is the last day to register to vote in time for the midterms on nov ! there’s too much at stake to… 
#kavanaugh’s extreme views threaten to roll back decades of hard-fought freedoms &amp; will affect the lives of our son… 
with all this said, the ultimate insult to the american people is that republicans are sending to #scotus a man who… 
it sends a horrible message to survivors of sexual violence that their experiences&amp;voices don’t matter. that’s not… 
this is a sad, dark day for our nation. despite multiple disturbing allegations of sexual misconduct and assault in… 
 : in florida, it’s not if a natural disaster will occur but when. thank you    …
this process has been a sham from the beginning but it's not over.  #kavanaugh doesn't have the integrity or the te… 
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
it also orders a study of the economic impact of temporary flight restrictions when  visits mar-a-lago, to mi… 
great news! congress passed measures that will save #pbc $. million &amp; millions more across the state. it will giv… 
 : the fbi report on judge kavanaugh is entirely incomplete and insufficient. there are dozens of witnesses who have not…
unbelievable. what should have been a thorough &amp; non-partisan fbi investigation turned into a fake process &amp; an abu… 
as expected, the #goptaxscam fattens the pockets of wealthy ceos&amp;shareholders while employee wages flatline. republ… 
when the  cut reproductive rights from the annual human rights reports, the trump administration undermin… 
last night, trump showed his true colors. his mockery was a real act of cowardice. here's our statement: 
did you know hispanic women are more likely to develop heart disease  years earlier than non-hispanics? during… 
yesterday, i met an incredible sexual assault survivor named kat.  could learn a thing or two about… 
we depend on our waters for so much. #redtide is a potential health &amp; economic risk for our community, and its spre… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
last but not least, he's repeatedly attacked &amp; degraded women and fueled horrible narratives about survivors of sex… 
❌hurt global women’s health ❌appointed anti-choice, anti-worker judges ❌endangered immigrant families ❌dismantled r… 
since he’s taken office,  has : ❌limited access to contraception  ❌jeopardized women’s access to he… 
[thread] let's set the record straight here. women are not "doing great" since trump got elected. here's just a few… 
this is ’s end game -- get #kavanaugh confirmed at all costs. the fbi investigation hasn't even finish… 
another cruel, unnecessary policy from trump’s administration that’s based on nothing but hate. this will cause und… 
 : happening now: rep. lois frankel calling for a full and independent fbi investigation into sexual assault allegations mad…
amazon raising their minimum wage to $ &amp; supporting raising the federal min wage is good news. however, countless… 
this well-deserved grant will help save lives in #pbc. the substance abuse coalition’s new program will work with t… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
trump's admin knows we're contributing to dangerous temp changes that will be disastrous for our planet&amp;future gene… 
in the year since, there have been  more mass shootings, claiming the lives of  innocent americans. and yet, r… 
last year in #lasvegas,  people were gunned down &amp; killed, another + were injured. the sad reality is that gun… 
while trump distracts the news cycle, children are being hoarded into tents with no access to school &amp; limited lega… 
 : female members of the house of representatives stood in silent protest during the senate judiciary committee meeting on brett…
 : house democratic women marched over to the other side of the capitol to join their senate colleagues in protest of kavanaugh…
republicans want to make the #goptaxscam even better for the wealthiest % – and even worse for seniors &amp; working f… 
i’m in the committee room now. we need a full fbi investigation before any vote on #kavanaugh 
 : in the judiciary hearing room with  of my female house colleagues. #mepolitics 
 : waiting to be let in to the senate judiciary committee room to oppose judge kavanaugh’s confirmation vote with my colleague…
i’m locked arms marching with my colleagues to oppose the vote! #kavanaughconfirmationhearings 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
the more i listen to judge #kavanaugh, the clearer it becomes. no fbi investigation? no vote!
 : this is not what democracy looks like. 
if the wage gap were closed, a native american woman would have enough money for:   🏡 months of rent.  💖 years… 
 : i was proud to join  and several of our  colleagues in demanding mitch mcconnell delay a vote u…
 : i joined many of my friends and colleagues to deliver a letter to senator mcconnell urging him to postpone any proceed…
 : proud to sign the below letter on behalf of dr. ford &amp; survivors everywhere.   it's unconscionable that senate republic…
 : frankel, wasserman schultz visit senate to demand postponement of brett kavanaugh hearing  https://…
on the republican side, there are only male members on the judiciary committee. as a result, they've enlisted a fem… 
we're witnessing history here. dr. ford's testimony is powerful, emotional and real. #kavanaugh should not be confirmed to supreme court.
this morning, i hand-delivered a statement, signed by  democratic members, to , urging an immediate… 
i'm in the #kavanaugh hearing to support dr. ford as she testifies. her story is heart-wrenching. i'm with you and i support you.
we’re in mcconnell’s office saying we stand with dr. ford and all survivors.   #believewomen
 : democratic women of the house going to senate to urge postponement for investigation!#kavanaughhearings …
 : happening now!  delivering a letter to  calling to #postponethevote on kavanaugh until there is a…
 : the ⁦⁩ heading to ⁦⁦⁩ to tell him we have her back, and we’re not going back. …
proud to support my friend  and all survivors who are coming forward with their experiences. we hear… 
how backwards is ’s foreign policy? he praises cruel human rights abusers like rouhani &amp; kim jong-u… 
it will also provide the  $m to hire gender advisors who will assist in military missions &amp; training… 
when women’s voices are heard, they can be catalysts for change&amp;for peace. thrilled my amendment securing funds for… 
#dyk every  hours in the u.s., a person or vehicle is hit by a train? stay smart &amp; follow these tips when crossing… 
horrific. when will republicans step up and give these allegations the attention &amp; respect they deserve? senate lea… 
 : tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
there are  million unintended pregnancies every year resulting from women and girl’s unmet need for… 
as republicans introduce their new tax scam for the rich ., let’s take a look at the real legacy of the… 
how much more insulting can you get? by scheduling a vote before hearing any testimony from dr. ford, chairman… 
 : rm 's statement on trump's speech at #unga:  
nearly  billion women are excluded from the formal financial system worldwide. we can change this equation by figh… 
#timesup for the 'boys will be boys' mentality #timesup for blaming victims #timesup for protecting abusers  it's t… 
on #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to vote… 
now is go time to #savelwcf. the clock will run out on this important program in less than a week! we must save our… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
if #rosenstein departs, the special counsel investigation is at risk of further obstruction&amp;termination from the tr… 
to dr. blasey ford and all the survivors of sexual assault, we want you to know that you are not alone. you are res… 
congress must pass the #pregnantwomenincustody act to make sure that what happened to nicole doesn’t happen to any… 
the latest sexual misconduct allegations against #kavanaugh are deeply disturbing. i agree with  - the… 
 : as a survivor, i know firsthand how hard it is to come forward. you feel ashamed, guilty, angry, and inadequate. you feel…
standing with  &amp; all survivors who are sharing their stories &amp; using #whyididntreport. i'll keeping… 
it's attacks like these that keep survivors from coming forward &amp; why, even to this day, the majority of sexual ass… 
i believe dr. ford. this is a critical moment in our country's history yet  are not even doing the absolu… 
it’s been one year since #hurricanemaria, and thousands of americans in #puertorico still have inadequate food and… 
dr. ford's serious allegations of sexual assault against #kavanaugh warrant a thorough, non-partisan investigation.… 
 : it took great courage for dr. christine blasey ford to come forward with her story. the american people are owed a thoroug…
 : over  dem lawmakers call for delay on kavanaugh confirmation vote  
wishing all those who observe #yomkippur an easy &amp; meaningful fast. on this day of atonement, let’s take the time t… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. let’s not make the same mistake again –senators must give… 
[update]  members are urging senators to delay kavanaugh's nomination until after a thorough investigation of dr… 
"with years of hindsight, mounds of evidence of the prevalence&amp;harm that sexual violence causes individuals&amp;our ins… 
slashing the number of #refugees we take in during the worst refugee crisis in modern history won’t make us safer,… 
we urge the senate to rise to the occasion, take these allegations with the seriousness and careful consideration t… 
in the age of #metoo, the vitriol that anita hill endured cannot happen again, both in our national discourse &amp; thr… 
to hold a vote now would be an insult to women and girls, sending a powerful message that they don’t matter and wil… 
[thread] sexual assault is a serious claim. i joined my fellow  leaders   &amp; … 
#fl is one of just  states that automatically, permanently bars anyone who committed a felony from voting. it’s ti… 
christine blasey ford's allegation is credible and must be taken seriously. any vote on brett #kavanaugh's nominati… 
this month, we reflect on the rich history of latinos&amp;latinas and their contributions to #sfl &amp; our nation. we also… 
in this country, child care shouldn't cost more than rent. under the child care for working families act the typica… 
as an artist myself, i’m proud to celebrate #artsedweek and support arts education in our schools. #becauseofartsed… 
great news. it may seem like a small thing to pay our interns, but this move opens up the experience for people fro… 
 : today, committee republicans blocked a measure that would have forced the administration to hand over documents related…
i voted to request the trump administration sends the house all communication btwn  &amp; #putin during the… 
 : new census data shows the gender #wagegap hasn’t budged &amp; has even grown larger for women of color. it's completely unac…
good news! today the house passed the water resources development act, which includes important projects to protect… 
as the vawa deadline approaches, we must redouble our fight to protect resources for survivors. that includes savin… 
republicans want to make the tax giveaways for the rich in the #goptaxscam permanent. that’s tens of billions in ta… 
starting now! speaking with  on #metoo, sexual harassment &amp; the bipartisan women’s caucus!
i'll be speaking with  on #cheddarlive in a minute to discuss yesterday's bipartisan women's caucus hear… 
domestic violence and sexual abuse are unacceptable &amp; happen far too often. in  years of #vawa, there's been a lo… 
, children. the number of children being held in detention has skyrocketed five times higher than what it was… 
for the commander in chief to deny this tragic loss of life, a number verified by numerous orgs, is cruel, abhorren… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
yesterday, the house passed three important animal protection bills to prevent the dog and cat meat trade and stop… 
icymi, our bipartisan women's caucus hearing is re-airing on  tonight at pm. tune in to hear some incredibl… 
a big congrats to  on becoming president of ! i'm looking forward to working with you on behalf of… 
dr. dorothy edwards makes an invaluable observation - the most important role in prevention of sexual harassment is… 
. founded  to empower survivors of campus sexual assault via better reporting. the online rep… 
. virtually eliminated all sexual harassment in fl tomato fields by partnering w/ buyers like walma… 
judge espinoza leads the  from my home state of fl. this revolutionary program transformed tomato farm f… 
i agree w/ : nixing mandatory arbitration&amp;confidentiality clauses should be top priorities in ending s… 
. leads the only national resource center to prevent&amp;respond to sexual harassment, domestic violenc… 
 : tune in to this very important discussion on sexual harassment in the workplace #metoo #timesup 
linda seabrook from  makes an important point during our hearing: "women are x more likely to quit… 
 : going to be on cspan! testifying in a hearing with the congressional caucus for women’s issues about #metoo - what’s next?…
. co-founded  to transform diversity &amp; inclusion within the tech industry. it's about more… 
 : bipartisan women's caucus on sexual harassment in the workplace – live on c-span &amp;   https://…
during today’s women’s caucus hearing, we’ll discuss how to turn the #metoo movement into action &amp; cultural change.… 
sexual harassment in the workplace is an abuse of power. staing now we'll hear from some incredible witnesses abo… 
today the bipartisan women's caucus, which i co-chair with , is hosting our third hearing on sexual ha… 
less than a year after their #goptaxscam, republicans are already trying to give more massive tax cuts to the riche… 
harvey. irma. maria.  last year we faced a devastating hurricane season &amp; now #hurricaneflorence is headed for the… 
make no mistake - #kavanaugh chose his words carefully to appeal to extremists &amp; set the tone for his dangerous, an… 
. just said his administration’s response to #hurricanemaria in #puertorico was “incredibly success… 
 : with version . of the #goptaxscam for the rich, republicans want to add even more to the deficit, and even more to the b…
today, we honor and remember the thousands who lost their lives on #septemberth. that tragic day will forever liv… 
from south florida to israel, families across the world will gather tonight to celebrate #roshhashana. as we turn t… 
yesterday's umpire at the u.s. open cheated both women, was unfair &amp; out of line. proud to support serena, a true w…  hoʻomaikaʻi to capt. steve bortle and mcpo raina hockenberry! our nation is grateful for your service and sacrifice… 
spread the word! rep. tulsi gabbard's #hawaii office is now accepting internship applications for next year. click… 
in #hawaii, we have the th highest rate of residents living in poverty in the country. this is unacceptable. one f… 
with a thriving and profitable tourism industry, employers need to recognize and value the hard-working men and wom… 
while  makes billions of dollars in profits every year, many of their workers in #hawaii and across the co… 
my first stop when i get home is a dip in the ocean. its’ healing, therapeutic &amp; transformative qualities have an i… 
the values of pono, kuleana &amp; aloha that guide  inspire us all to find ways to work together toward a brighter… 
at least  people have died as a result of #hurricanemichael, and dozens remain missing. we must mobilize support… 
#yemen is on the brink of the worst famine in  years. the lives of innocent men, women, and children are on the… 
our bicameral legislation will expand the ability to deliver emergency alerts &amp; explore tech, streaming, and other… 
yesterday’s nationwide test of the emergency alert system was a powerful reminder of the fact that in a real emerge… 
their leadership &amp; example were critical for their time, and their universal message of love continues to be so nec… 
both dr. king and mahatma gandhi shared the universal message of love &amp; respect for all, regardless of race, ethnic… 
mahatma gandhi’s legacy continues to inspire generations. dr. martin luther king spoke about how much mahatma gandh… 
#icymi- rep. tulsi gabbard recognized as champion for human trafficking survivors  
this agreement will lay the groundwork to foster deeper ties between our people and our nations, inviting investmen… 
today, after many years of hard work and dedication by the many stakeholders involved, i’m proud to see this histor… 
when visiting #goa, india, i was immediately struck by the many similarities between our two states—the warmth &amp; op… 
it also invests in impact aid schools, and hawai‘i’s  community health centers that provide service for rural com… 
it provides a pay raise for our servicemembers, support for disaster recovery, funding for critical missile defense… 
while i have concerns about some provisions in this legislation, ultimately this bipartisan funding bill will take… 
our bipartisan legislation makes a necessary technical fix to existing law &amp; provides access to id cards, which wil… 
this legislation rights a wrong to ensure that tens of thousands of cofa migrants living in the united states, incl… 
this funding will be available to support ongoing efforts to repair damaged farms and homes, revitalize our communi… 
despite all of our challenges, the strength and resilience we continue to see from the people in our communities is… 
this funding is essential to communities like ours that have been challenged in so many ways, with very limited res… 
the people of #hawaii have been hit especially hard by natural disasters this year from major flooding on #kauai an… 
it is long overdue time for congress to reassert its role and responsibility provided within the constitution, and… 
even after saudi arabia dropped a bomb on a school bus that killed  children last month, the trump administration… 
for too long, the us has supported saudi arabia, turning a blind eye to the horrifying atrocities committed against… 
based on our country’s continued counterproductive regime-change war policies, it's clear that leaders on both side… 
sending my aloha and wishes for peace to all those celebrating #internationalpeaceday in #hanapepe today.… 
the u.s. must end its support for saudi arabia and their genocidal war now.  
 year later and the people of #puertorico are still recovering from #hurricanemaria. you cannot play politics with… 
perpetuating a devastating humanitarian crisis in #yemen that’s caused death, suffering, starvation, cholera for mi… 
for the sake of peace, we must continue to pursue this diplomatic path to achieve denuclearized korean peninsula, a… 
without #netneutrality small businesses may be charged extra fees to stay online -- making it harder to compete wit… 
politicians and our democracy shouldn’t be beholden to big money and corporate interests. we must overturn citizens… 
it is a blatant violation of the constitution, the war powers resolution, and u.s. law. congress must re-assert its… 
this is a complete betrayal of those killed on /, first responders, our troops who were killed or injured in the… 
trump’s administration has threatened “dire consequences” against syria, russia, and iran if they attack al-qaeda a… 
this week, as we honor the lives lost when al-qaeda attacked our country  years ago on /, the trump administra… 
#icymi- reps. gabbard and  introduce bipartisan resolution requiring congressional approval before t… 
#icymi- hawaii congressional delegation urges  to release federal funding to hawaii farmers affected by natura… 
the us has been saying this for years to justify their blind support for saudi arabia’s atrocities. we must end our… 
despite saudi arabia’s genocidal war in yemen, killing thousands of civilians – bombing wedding parties and childre… 
#icymi- reps. gabbard,  vote to fund military construction, expand veteran healthcare, prioritize clean… 
this is a complete betrayal of the american people, those we lost on /, my brothers and sisters in uniform we’ve… 
while trump/pence gave speeches honoring the victims of / two days ago, they are simultaneously protecting al-qa… 
our bipartisan legislation seeks to eliminate some of these barriers, encouraging healthy and active lifestyles, ra… 
yet, unfortunately too many children are unable to enjoy these opportunities due to economic barriers.
in #hawaii, we’re so fortunate that our home is filled with natural and historic treasures from breathtaking haleak… 
#icymi: rep. tulsi gabbard passes bipartisan bill to increase access to public lands 
i encourage all hawai‘i middle and high school to participate in this exciting competition to showcase their abilit… 
. is an innovative opportunity for our students to share their unique talents &amp; creativity with peo… 
#hawaii’s congressional delegation urged president donald trump to act swiftly on 's request for a presid… 
it’s already been a crazy hurricane season for us in #hawaii. as we begin #nationalpreparednessmonth, take some tim… 
read rep. tulsi gabbard's latest e-newsletter for updates on her busy month at home in august, including touring th… 
the u.s. must end its support for saudi arabia, and stop waging interventionist wars that increase destruction, dea… 
yet today in #yemen, our military continues to wage this interventionist war alongside saudi arabia, unauthorized b… 
last month, the saudi-led coalition dropped a us-made bomb on a school bus that killed  children—the latest in a… 
for too long, the united states has turned a blind eye to the atrocities being committed against civilians in… 
rep. tulsi gabbard: end the unconstitutional war in yemen now 
reminder: tulsi's staff will host workshops today and tomorrow in #kona and #hilo on  and  federal gran… 
hoʻomaikaʻi to asa stevens,  youth flyweight boxing world champion, bringing home a gold medal to waianae! we a… 
rising levels of carbon dioxide could make crops less nutritious &amp; put millions of people at risk of developing a z… 
#california is set to become nd state after #hawaii to set a % clean energy goal. we must build on this histori… 
water is life - we can’t keep kicking the can down the road as people are getting poisoned. we must pass the water… 
. shut off drinking water in all public schools after finding elevated levels of lead and copper in  s… 
rep. tulsi gabbard joins homeland security, fema, hawai'i officials in statewide disaster assessment… 
our bipartisan legislation takes the politics out of this debate by reporting facts on the impact of marijuana laws… 
it is unfortunate that the trump administration is choosing to perpetuate biased information and outdated myths to… 
these young players displayed unwavering sportsmanship, respect, and aloha – under trying circumstances as hurrican… 
the players, coaches, and families of the #honolulu little league team represented #hawaii to the world as true amb… 
today, the #hawaii congressional delegation urged  to be ready to work with the state to address immediate rec… 
the #kilauea disaster recovery center is now open after closing due to #hurricanelane. #hawaii island residents who… 
 : please call the damage assessment intake hotline for hurricane lane damage to your home or business on the big island at…
 : flash flood warning including lihu'e hi, kalaheo hi, hanama'ulu hi until : pm hst 
 : hawaii: the kilauea disaster recovery center will reopen today to provide information and application help for volcanic er…
survivors may register online at  or by phone at -- or (tty) --. applica… 
#kauai and #oahu residents: today is the final day to register for federal assistance with any losses from the apri… 
rep. tulsi gabbard attended a deployment ceremony today honoring the th infantry brigade combat team hq company d… 
 : honolulu wins little league world series! #islandnews 
sending off the th infantry brigade combat team with our aloha and gratitude as they deploy to peacekeeping missi… 
senator john mccain lived his life dedicated to serving our country. my warmest aloha and prayers are with his fami… 
our emergency responders, state and county officials, and others are still working around the clock to keep our com… 
 : flood waters can carry harmful diseases and bacteria. before salvaging canned food from #flood water, make sure it's sa…
cheering on team #hawaii in the #littleleagueworldseries today! we are so proud #llws  
 : wondering if you live in a flood zone and may need to evacuate to a shelter? this interactive map can help. …
the declaration will help ensure that communities across #hawaii can access important federal funding and resources… 
presidential disaster declaration for #hawaii has been approved for #hurricanelane. earlier today, hawaii’s congres… 
 : #breaking: hurricane warnings are now in effect for the island of oahu as well as hawaii and maui counties. https://t.co…
 : accounts to follow for hurricane #lane updates: , , , ,  https://t.co…
 : hawaii: today is the day to get ready for #hurricanelane. take these simple steps:  🔦 check your emergency kit and restock it.  🗺…
while we don’t know yet if or how #hurricanelane will impact #hawaii, it’s important to be prepared now. make sure… 
reminder: the deadline for #kauai &amp; #honolulu residents to apply for  assistance for losses from april’s sever… 
#icymi hacking an american election is child’s play, just ask these kids  
reminder: the deadline for #kauai &amp; #honolulu residents to apply for  assistance for losses from april’s sever… 
/ with the general election quickly approaching, congress must act now to pass my securing america’s elections act… 
/ these vulnerabilities erode voter confidence and expose our election outcomes to manipulation. 
/ kids being able to hack into our election infrastructure in mere minutes highlights the severe vulnerabilities i… 
this should alarm every one of us. kids are able to hack into our election infrastructure in mere minutes, showing… 
upcoming events: tulsi's staff will host workshops in #kona and #hilo on  and  federal grants. get info… 
the cost of war is borne by every single service member and their families. we mourn together with the loss of one… 
reminder: the deadline for #kauai &amp; #honolulu residents to apply for  assistance for losses from april’s sever… 
monsanto being held liable for poisoning a california school groundskeeper is the justice and accountability we nee… 
 : good morning. reminder only to big island residents. siren testing august  - , . for more info visit …
when the trump admin tried to lift the ban on chlorpyrifos, i intro’d legislation to stop them. positive step to se… 
#icymi rep. tulsi gabbard meets with epa region ix administrator to discuss red hill, #hawaii cesspools, federal fu… 
scary time for our residents on the westside of o’ahu - mahalo to our firefighters and first responders who are fig… 
great to talk story and visit with the hardworking team at the  on #maui during their lunch break. maha… 
 : thank you  for sponsoring the #offfossilfuels act and supporting the strongest climate bill in congress.…
mahalo katherine and your team at   for the tour of your new spot in #paia and the ono açaí bowls!… 
while we don’t know yet if or how hurricane #hector will impact #hawaii, it’s important to be prepared now. make su… 
so much aloha in the room at the #hilo civic auditorium as we honor the life and service of #hawaii island police o… 
while we don’t know yet if or how hurricane hector will impact #hawaii, it’s important to be prepared now. make sur… 
mahalo to our summer intern team for your work to serve #hawaii’s nd congressional district! best wishes as you he… 
#icymi today on #oahu, rep. tulsi gabbard discussed recently secured federal funding &amp; upcoming opportunities for… 
rep. tulsi gabbard: "the cost of war is personal and lives on for each of these families of pow/mia servicemembers.… 
this is a historic day for our country &amp; for families who have suffered loss as we remember those who sacrificed al… 
/ thousands of families across the united states have waited more than six decades to be reunited with their loved… 
mahalo to parth, emily, talia, carson, and peyton for your hard work this summer serving the people of #hawaii. you… 
sending my deepest aloha and prayers to the family of #hilo’s brian hughes, who was killed fighting the ongoing wil… 
#icymi rep. tulsi gabbard welcomes līhuʻe revitalization project, honors #kauai police department’s th anniversar… 
however these funds run out on september th - there is no time to waste. congress needs to rise above partisan po… 
while domestic violence continues to be an epidemic in our country &amp; we have much more work to do, funding through… 
every year in #hawaii, more than , women are victims of domestic violence.
#icymi: rep. tulsi gabbard leads legislation to expand nationwide domestic violence prevention and protection 
today /: our team will be available for one-on-one federal agency assistance at the #lanai senior center from … 
mahalo , , and , the newest cosponsors of the #offact. % renewable energy wi… 
#icymi: reps. tulsi gabbard,  introduce bill to improve nationwide emergency alert system… 
#icymi read why  says all sides in congress can get behind rep. tulsi gabbard’s bipartisan marijuana… 
reminder: tomorrow /, our team will be available for one-on-one federal agency assistance at the #lanai senior c… 
 : bill builds bipartisan momentum behind federal marijuana reform  
.: "gabbard’s marijuana data collection act takes a step that more people in congress should consider… 
mahalo , the newest cosponsor of the #offact. % renewable energy will protect our people &amp; our planet 
our bipartisan legislation, the marijuana data collection act, will lay the groundwork for real reform by producing… 
in  alone, nearly , people were arrested for marijuana possession. our laws must be informed by facts — n… 
for decades, bad data and misinformation have fueled the failed #warondrugs that has ruined people's lives, torn fa… 
#icymi: gabbard,  bill builds bipartisan momentum behind federal marijuana reform… 
reminder: this thurs /, our team will be available for one-on-one federal agency assistance at the #lanai senior… 
 : thank you us house of representatives for passing hr , the title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act.  many…
our bipartisan legislation takes a vital step forward in providing our nurses with training, education, and financi… 
but nursing shortages in #hawaii and across the country are putting patient health at risk and increasing healthcare costs.
our nurses must have the quality training needed to respond to the needs of our community- from an aging population… 
#icymi: gabbard-backed bill to address nationwide nursing shortage passes house unanimously  
from the coral reefs that keep our coastline and marine life safe, to the incredible energy derived from our waves,… 
single-use plastic adds up to about . million tons of plastic trash that pollutes our oceans, endangers marine li… 
think about your lifestyle and what positive changes you can make to protect the air we breathe, food we eat, water… 
i recently returned from #flint, where i heard tragic &amp; heartbreaking stories from people poisoned by their water.… 
always ready w/ a smile &amp; a deep belly laugh, mark’s heart of aloha guided him throughout his life of service. maha… 
today marks  years since we bid farewell to a dear friend. my heart is with the takai ‘ohana - his parents naomi a… 
#icymi: rep. tulsi gabbard honors fallen #hawaii island police officer on house floor  
our bipartisan resolution aims to end presidential wars, and hold congress accountable so it does its job in making… 
since / alone, our country has spent trillions of dollars on interventionist regime change wars, costing the liv… 
for decades, congress has ceded its constitutional responsibility of deciding whether or not to declare war, to the… 
#icymi: reps. gabbard and  lead bipartisan resolution to end presidential wars… 
 this funding is urgently needed to allow 's critical work to continue 
 i’ve been on the ground with these talented and tireless geologists who work around the clock to monitor and… 
the ongoing eruptions at #kilauea, and the continued uncertainty for our puna residents, has brought to the forefro… 
#icymi u.s. geological survey’s volcano hazards program on #hawaii island to receive $. million… 
mahalo , the newest #offact cosponsor. % renewable energy will protect our people &amp; our planet 
 : thank you for introducing and advancing the title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act (hr) in the house  …
this won’t be easy – it will take a commitment from every level of our government,  private sector, and the people.… 
#ireland will become the first country in the world to fully divest public funds from fossil fuels. the us needs to… 
our team is at the mitchell pauole community center until :pm today to help #molokai residents with medicare, so… 
but burn pits are still being used by the dod today - congress needs to act. lives are on the line.
just finished #burnpits caucus meeting where we’re building momentum &amp; support to help servicemembers &amp; vets expose… 
 : today, i signed a pledge to fight for a future of % renewable energy. proud to support rep. tulsi gabbard’s off act…
great to see sanford inouye of  and jay april of  before votes! they amplify the diverse voi… 
tomorrow /: our team will be available for one-on-one federal agency casework assistance on #molokai.   where: m… 
reminder: this thursday /, our team will be available for one-on-one federal agency casework assistance on… 
ho’omaika’i to former #hawaii attorney general mark bennett- confirmed with bipartisan support by the us senate tod… 
 : you can still register with fema and apply for low-interest disaster loans with the u.s. small business administration (sba…
congrats to katelin and archie from #kauai- part of team #huiohawaii who are proudly representing our islands at th… 
 / his undermining this mission, misuse of taxpayer dollars, and disregard for ethics is a disservice to the a… 
/ scott pruitt’s resignation was long overdue. as  administrator, he consistently put corporate greed and pers… 
the renewal of  national cancer institute designation provides recognition of the center’s exception… 
. is a life-changing resource for the people of #hawaii and the pacific, conducting cutting edge res… 
our team hosts hold regular one-on-one casework sessions in each county to help you and your ʻohana with federal ag… 
#hawaii leading the way, just became the first state in the nation to ban sunscreens with oxybenzone &amp; octinoxate t… 
this weekend on #hawaii island, rep. tulsi gabbard visited w/ constituents at the kick-off of the hilo #pride parad… 
 : video: lawmakers ponder future of puna in forum 
team #huiohawaii is proudly representing the aloha state at the  #usagames in seattle! congrats… 
#icymi: saturday on #hawaii island, tulsi attended a hilo #pride event, supported the opening of a new micro-homes… 
 : thank you  for sponsoring the #offfossilfuels act! this makes  house reps on the bill mandating % cle…
#icymi #hawaii congressional delegation urges u.s. department of agriculture to provide maximum assistance possible… 
#icymi reps. tulsi gabbard, colleen hanabusa vote to strengthen #hawaii missile defense, support troops in defense… 
 : aloha! thank you, , for meeting with the delegation from hawaii and nafme western division president sam tsugawa to t…
rep. tulsi gabbard returns from #flint with calls for congress to overhaul crippled water infrastructure… 
#icymi: yesterday,   approved federal funding to assist with ongoing recovery efforts on #oahu and… 
our team is at the #kauai war memorial convention hall from am-pm today hosting a workshop on federal grants &amp; a… 
 understanding that people’s lives are at stake, i urge governor ige to reconsider and sign this legisl… 
 this legislation has the potential to save people’s lives in #hawaii - states like pennsylvania and ne… 
 with such a stark increase in prescription #opioid use and dependence, heroin and synthetic drug overd… 
 we are in the middle of an ongoing opioid epidemic in this country and #hawaii is on the front lines –… 
#icymi: rep. tulsi gabbard,  oppose governor's intent to veto bill allowing medical marijuana to treat… 
 #hawaii residents can get more information about registering for  individual assistance here: 
 the road to recovery is just beginning, and this  assistance is critical to supporting the short and lon… 
  homes were damaged or destroyed, farms and local businesses were completely wiped out, roads remain close…  all of #wa is mourning the lives lost at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. what happened is shocking and… 
"shalisa hayes opened my eyes to the power that one person can have on their community."  billy ray and shalisa's s… 
earlier this week, i joined 's historical society in celebration of their th anniversary. i apprec… 
thank you to the students of gates high school for sharing your stories of resilience and achievement! 
coming soon to a hamburger near you...  you just never know what's being produced in #wa! read full story from… 
my office is thankful every day for the u.s. capitol police and u.s. house sergeant at arms, but especially on days… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
addressing climate change will require dedication from the public and private sector.   bottom line: we all need to… 
 : voting in america is a right that people fought and died for years ago.  watch  and  highlight some fe…
 : on november  from  a.m. to  p.m., the washington talking book &amp; braille library (wtbbl) is hosting accessible voting at…
 : the eastside community is excited to have  here!   this project was funded in part through a federal tax progra…
we imagined it, now we celebrate it! congratulations ,   &amp;  on opening the … 
even on the day of the homecoming football game, these students were dialed in and hit me with some great questions… 
   i’m sorry to hear this. i want to do what i can to help. please call my… 
 : good morning!  now officially has . million registered participants - our most ever. you can join us (&amp; the  mill…
like mr. rogers said, always look for the helpers. thank you, ron, for stepping up and helping our first responders. 
how we respond to the disappearance of jamal khashoggi matters. what i want to see done:   ) sec. mnuchin must pul… 
 : rep. denny heck: "i've got a simple message, frankly, for the saudis. you can take your oil and shove it because human righ…
great to be in parkland this morning talking housing and more with the mid-county leadership team at . lots… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
one reason i love living in the south sound? we work to ensure every voter can cast a ballot. this morning i joined… 
 : #medicare open enrollment starts today! find out where you can find free, unbiased help with your choices in #wa from a #shibaw…
 : proof that earthquake threats are all over our region. all the better to be prepared and to get drop, cover &amp; hold on in yo…
equity for women and families is common sense. i’m working in congress to make it a reality.   i'm proud to receive… 
today marks  years since the death of matthew shepard. i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor matthew and… 
equal pay for equal work. affordable, comprehensive healthcare for women. enabling women &amp; families to take part in… 
today is #nationalfarmersday! wa- is home to many commercial and family farms ranging from fresh produce to pumpk… 
congress must make it easier for communities to invest in green infrastructure to help slow stormwater, which is th… 
 : stormwater is the # source of pollution in puget sound. it hurts our orca, salmon &amp; our economy. today  &amp;…
restoring #netneutrality is about preserving freedom of speech and boosting economic opportunities, which is why am… 
good news for social security – next year’s cola will be . percent. but with the rising costs seniors face – we n… 
today’s .% cola increase is good news for seniors, survivors &amp; people w/ disabilities who have earned social secu… 
today’s cola announcement of .% is good news! but we need social security benefits to keep up w/ the rising costs… 
instead, the president has made attempts to sabotage and repeal the aca. he talks a big game, but i’m not fooled, a… 
- defend aca pre-existing condition protections in court - stop allowing insurers to sell #junkplans that don’t cov… 
if  wanted to protect americans with pre-existing conditions, he would:
who do we want as our next ambassador to the u.n.?  whomever it is, they must speak out for human rights around the… 
wa- on the big screen! anyone else catch this over the weekend? 👀 quite the surprise for our own !   
 : thank you   &amp; composite solutions for showing how #sumner is a place where creativity is ignit…
proud to join my colleague  on this letter to . america should be projecting values of equal… 
 : what a great start to our #mfgiswa tour! we visited the -yr-old , which manufactures flavors for the ora…
great to kick off the bus tour right here in the th! #mfgiswa 
 : ale: we have received several calls from residents that are receiving texts with false information about their voter regi…
salmon are the lifeblood of our region, but they're threatened by polluted stormwater runoff. check out this great… 
this will be happening at : a.m. pacific time. it is just a test. 
relief for constant jblm traffic is coming in more than one way ?
 : #onthisday  years ago the wild &amp; scenic rivers act was signed. throughout the day, we’ll be celebrating some of our…
 : watch live: special agent ronald shurer ii will receive the medal of honor at the  today at pm est. watch th…
big news! jblm reopens main gate after four-month closure 
cruel. inhumane. traumatizing. children do not belong in isolated detention camps. they belong with their families.… 
 : “many of us would not be sitting here today.” #puyallup vet to receive medal of honor for saving teammates https://t.co…
to the survivors of sexual violence &amp; their loved ones: i know today’s senate hearing may have been difficult &amp; emo… 
great news out of ! i've seen our local aerospace manufacturing talent in person at . t… 
i had the opportunity to work on  homes in tillicum this weekend alongside  &amp;  employe… 
new to wa? make sure your voice is heard in november by registering to vote this #nationalvoterregistrationday. 
reauthorizing #lwcf is a no brainer – it protects our treasured #publiclands, generates jobs (nearly k in wa), a… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! take some time to make sure you’re registered to vote! your voice matters.… 
congratulations, ! and next on the agenda: register to vote!  
free credit freezes are here - learn more via the : 
spent the morning at  with ceo kent checking out the farm at sillyville. the farm is a great way for ch… 
 : today we remember those who have sacrificed for their country as prisoners of war, those missing in action and their fam…
wa state is home to talented scientists researching how to prevent &amp; treat alzheimer’s disease. this #worldalzday,… 
 : thank you  for becoming a co-sponsor of the child care for working families act! this legislation will make a…
mark your calendars: saturday is #nationalpubliclandsday, which means that admission fees are waived for federal pu… 
. asked members of congress what they are doing to close the gender wage gap. read my full response:… 
it was great to be in shelton yesterday for the dedication of the  mill! this mill builds upon our… 
today marks the first day of #growthawarenessweek. height is a strong indicator of a child’s health and is worth mo… 
some great reminders from the  of how lucky we are to live in #wa. thanks for visiting us! 
i’m reminded of the words of my dear friend billy frank jr.: “we are at a crossroads, and we are running out of tim… 
the vast majority of domestic violence prevention programs distribute phones so that vulnerable individuals can acc… 
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. proud to join the #expandsocialsecurity… 
the private market can't match the guaranteed, earned benefits of social security. we must bolster this program now… 
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus will fight for all social security beneficiaries. i am proud to join over  of m… 
let's make social security stronger for generations to come. it's a valuable insurance program, not an entitlement.… 
the  are national champs! congratulations to the players, coaches and fans! #wnbafinals
are you subscribed to my email newsletter? i have more than  characters to offer!   view… 
 : please join  on thursday as we unveil the doors of make room and the #reprenters campaign during national month f…
spent tuesday evening with the men &amp; women of  fre &amp; rescue at their annual / ceremony in u.p. we wil… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
. just ranked the evergreen state as # for aerospace manufacturing attractiveness … 
our public lands are the northwest's greatest natural resource. it's vital we protect them for future generations. 
want to name tacoma's soccer team? now's your chance! #southsoundproud 
all electric and emission free! it was an honor to join  in celebrating the first electric bus to hit… 
 : today we take time to remember those who gave their lives on this day in . we honor those lost, as they will never be f…
 : these no-emission new electric buses keep our local waterways clean. #saveourorcas
looking good! 
 : it's #worldsuicidepreventionday. you do not have to suffer in silence. here's how to tell if someone needs help: https://t.co…
make it a great year, officer drasher! thank you for your service to our community.  
today, i joined  and + of my colleagues to condemn president trump’s efforts to undercut our hard-work… 
if you only watch one thing today, make it congressional black caucus chair  's testimony before the u.… 
icymi: this week, i cosponsored a bill introduced by my wa colleague  to pay house interns. these inte… 
 : #newdem chair  &amp;  join  to shine a spotlight on our nation's housing shortage crisis.  hous…
congress can fix this.  if you think  should schedule a vote on the bipartisan safe banking act 
check out my column about how we can make i- better fit our daily commute needs. 
i recently spoke with ' bots &amp; ballots podcast to talk about the russia investigation in the house, elect… 
 : pt's electric bus is ready for its close-up! check it out saturday sept.  from  to  at steilacoom's national drive e…
i knew you had ‘em the entire time, . congratulations on your return to the #wnbafinals! 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
and we need to work to improve wages across the country because no one who works a full-time job should live in pov… 
we need to build on the progress of previous generations to make our economy work better for middle-class families… 
sharing a speech from earlier this year for #laborday. my parents, a truck driver and telephone operator, were able… 
icymi: earlier this month, the  hosted the power paddle to puyallup, the  canoe journey. check ou… 
did someone say scones?! today marks the beginning of the   in puyallup. get ready, it's time to… 
about  firefighters from #jblm are still on the scene working the largest wildfire in california's history, now… 
 had no problem signing a $ tril tax break for the wealthy, but he is unwilling to stand up for th… 
there are not enough lawyers in washington d.c. to shield the president from his mounting legal troubles.  and ther… 
happy th anniversary, ! great to join employees at the fife distribution center this morning to kick off the… 
new certificate program from  for #jblm military members seeking to move into the civilian tech industry.… 
the every student succeeds act provides money to help schools build better learning environments. secretary devos i… 
calling all #wa student coders! compete in #wa's first congressional app challenge: … 
 :  sad day. our friends from makah did this wonderful video paying their respects to the mccain family. https://…
we’ve lost a great american and hero, senator john mccain. his unwavering commitment to our country and its ideals will never be forgotten.
congratulations  on the opening of the -acre brookville gardens community park! this park is a wo… 
with telehealth making up an increasing portion of va services, #netneutrality is essential for ensuring veterans c… 
facebook identifies *multiple* new influence operations on its platform. russia is back, and iran has decided to jo… 
make no mistake, the trump administration’s effort to gut the #cleanpowerplan is an attempt to deny us the clean ai… 
as shakespeare once wrote, "but in the end truth will out.”
“truth is like the sun. you can shut it out for a time, but it ain't going away.” 
great discussion with  on our nation’s housing crisis. thank you for collaborating on ways to addre… 
thank you for the warm welcome, . i am committed to strengthening essential programs like social secu… 
see localized data provided by  on how a greater share of rentals are out of financial reach for many americ… 
 : please consider donating blood if you are able. if you can't donate, encourage someone who can! 
"a good leader tries to embody the best qualities of his or her organization. a good leader sets the example for ot… 
climate change is one of the most consequential issues we face as a nation, and i will not shift the burden of deal… 
we need to act now to address our changing climate and make the investments needed for a sustainable, low carbon fu… 
as the pnw emerges from this latest bout of unhealthy air, we question what can be done to promote clean air. we ar… 
at the end of the day, everyone deserves clean air. yet, too often, we take clean air—one of our most precious reso… 
not only does the election interference continue, but russian disinformation efforts are still full speed ahead. 
small businesses shouldn’t be relegated to slow lanes or forced to pay exorbitant fees to reach their customers. i… 
small businesses in the south sound use the internet to reach customers, promote products, and make sales. i signed… 
the russians are still interfering. we have to do more to deter their repeated attacks on our democratic elections.… 
 :   god bless his family for their sacrifice.
social security has been working #forthepeople for  years. i am committed to protecting and strengthening this im… 
 : u.s. rep. denny heck (d-) is discussing the importance of the u.s. export-import bank. he said due to a lack of quorum to…
we can never thank these families enough for the sacrifice they endure on behalf of our country and we pledge to al… 
while these military operations may often seem removed from the daily lives of most americans, the families and mem… 
the entire th congressional district mourns the loss of staff sergeant reymund r. transfiguracion, who was a memb… 
one of the best people i’ve met in all my time in congress was holly petraeus, who turned the  into a powerful… 
 : where is ketron island, puget sound site of hijacked plane crash? 
hoping everyone is okay on ketron island. thank you to our local first responders who are heading to the scene.
small actions can have a huge impact when we all pitch in. thanks to allan warren at the pierce conservation distri… 
spent my thursday night with the hardworking men and women of  local  in tacoma. appreciated the opportuni… 
stopped by pioneer park today to honor local servicemembers and their families who call  and… 
thank you to the heroic firefighters working around the clock to protect homes, businesses, and lands throughout th… 
today is #bookloversday. here's my summer reading list. what's on yours? 
our southern residents need more chinook salmon to eat and cleaner and quieter waters to swim in. i am committed to… 
this heartbreaking story has put a spotlight on the work we still have to do to save our iconic southern resident o… 
thank you to the heroic firefighters working around the clock to protect homes, businesses, and lands throughout th… 
the  repeal of #netneutrality could slow down your internet access and hike up your bill. that's why i signed t… 
great turnout at our discuss it with denny on policy solutions for our housing supply crisis. thanks to all who con… 
great visit to the nisqually reservation yesterday to discuss the federal issues that matter to them. thank you for… 
the aca’s ban on punishing people w/ preexisting conditions is under attack in the courts, and the trump administra… 
to all the purple heart recipients in my district, thank you for your service and sacrifice #purpleheartday 
the voting rights act was signed into law  years ago today, but the fight to eliminate discrimination in the voti… 
every year when we decide on our budget priorities, i sign on to support increased  funding for worthy local pr… 
congrats to  on their grant from ! their research on toxic stormwater runoff with  and… 
thank you for your service, mr. gregory.  
the president’s attack on  and  reminds my (retired middle school principal) wife of schoolyard… 
what i'm reading this summer: 
each year, the #titlex family planning program helps ,+ washingtonians access contraception and other healthca… 
 : we agree completely!   "we need more homes, of all shapes and sizes, for all our neighbors.   the fact…
i'm proud to be part of a community that works so hard to give young people with disabilities a sense of their futu… 
this doesn't have to be our present, or our future. we must act to combat climate change, now. 
instead of the needed - million new housing units per decade, over the last ten years, fewer than  million ne… 
we need more homes, of all shapes and sizes, for all our neighbors.   the fact is we are #missinghomes, millions of… 
every price increase and rate increase pushes families down a rung: from prospective first-time homebuyers to long-… 
just got your paycheck? is it nearly gone thanks to your rent?  housing is an ecosystem. changes in one market prod… 
waiting lists for federal housing vouchers have gotten so long that many local housing authorities have stopped eve… 
 : housing is increasingly unaffordable because prices and rents are rising faster than wages because construction is not ke…
there ought to be no better time to be a homebuilder -- high prices, low inventory, a huge new generation of buyers… 
the paradox of home construction:  - demand is improving - prices are strong - demographics are positive but constr… 
competition for scarce housing drives up prices until the poorest families are forced out. this is why homelessness… 
it's the first of the month and for many of us, the rent is due. those monthly rent payments are rising faster than… 
housing is increasingly unaffordable because construction is not keeping up with demand.  we are #missinghomes… 
 families still separated. scores of questions left unanswered. it’s clear that congress needs to do more to reu… 
for the past  years, #medicare &amp; #medicaid have helped millions of seniors, children, disabled, &amp; low-income amer… 
we’ve moved from collusion to possible conspiracy 
i've expressed my disapproval of the trump-putin summit quite a bit, but i also want to share with you what congres… 
 : "the walls are closing in on president trump ... we're going to see increasingly desperate rhetoric and behavior on his pa…
proud to join my washington colleague  in calling out the repugnant tactics used by the trump administra… 
if president trump really gave secretary pompeo a full readout of the private meeting with president putin, it real… 
over the past two weeks, i've received many calls and messages regarding president trump's summit with vladimir put… 
 years after the korean armistice agreement was signed, there are . million korean war veterans living in the u… 
deception, deflection, and distraction. 
even after secretary of state pompeo testified before the senate foreign relations committee, it's clear that whate… 
i was encouraged to see u.s. senators from both parties challenge secretary of state pompeo yesterday about what re… 
i'm not convinced secretary of state pompeo knows what president trump and president putin discussed in their priva… 
 : “every day of every year, the men and women of the fbi come to work to protect the american people and uphold the constitution—and…
 : amid talks of a second trump-putin summit,  tells  that he feels the president is "treating us al…
 : americans should be able to count on congress to fight to lower costs for their families. instead,  &amp; house r…
alerting all medicare beneficiaries: medicare is issuing new cards in order to help protect your identitiy.   learn… 
 : today, along with house democratic leadership, i am unveiling the #aimhigher act – the democratic vision for an accessible,…
the #aderholtamendment would allow taxpayer-funded child welfare organizations to discriminate against #lgbtq child… 
how can we better protect our elections? i'm glad you asked:  -increase funding for state elections -call on trump… 
no one should have to choose between putting food on the table and paying for prescription drugs. #abetterdeal… 
it’s time to deliver higher paychecks #forthepeople. we can do it with #abetterdeal.  
 : extreme hot weather = fires, drowning, heat stroke  stay hydrated &amp; stay cool, wear sunscreen &amp; wear lifejackets, don't…
 : house chaplain pat conroy in opening prayer noted tomorrow's th anniversary of "that terrible day" when us capitol polic…
 : renovations at #puyallup hatchery aim to bolster salmon population in puget sound 
 : i never thought there would come a day where families across my hometown wouldn’t be able to trust the water coming out o…  : last week secretary zinke tried to fire his inspector general. this week we find out the ig he tried to fire has referred zinke…
as some north bay families continue to recover from last year’s #wildfires, i am glad to see that this federal hous… 
 : . is right. gop voted to gut protections for millions w pre-ex conditions, are using the courts to end guaranteed cov…
trump offered legal aid to his supporter who punched a protester, praised a congressman who physically attacked a r… 
 : in california, we can’t afford to let  backslide on our #cleancarstandards. california families can’t afford…
trump needs to act like a president today &amp; tell americans that he condemns political violence &amp; that it’s wrong to… 
the saudi government’s role in jamal khashoggi’s murder is an affront to basic human decency. this is why i am co-s… 
are you ready to vote on nov. ? take a quick moment to check the status of your voter registration. today is the l… 
monday to-do-list: double check that you're registered to vote! today is the last day to register to vote in the mi… 
new #offthecuff features local biz leaders sue conley of  &amp; mary keehn of , who are… 
no one should be discriminated against because of who they are, or who they love. i’m glad to be an ally of the lgb… 
i just published talkin’ artisan cheese w. sue conley &amp; mary keehn 
trump abandoned puerto rico, is delaying aid to north carolina &amp; now he's blackmailing ca while we rebuild from dis… 
this is laughably corrupt. the inspector general is an important check on federal agencies and must be impartial. i… 
 :  thanks for standing with us to protect national standards for #cleanercars.  #cleancarstandards save drivers mon…
trump may not agree, but the clean air act gives ca &amp; other states the right to set strong clean car rules based on… 
after trump’s epa started to weaken federal clean car standards,  bipartisan lawmakers signed on to my letter tel… 
after a busy few weeks in washington i'm glad to be back home in ca-, where i’ll spend october travelling up and… 
 : redwood valley water district infrastructure project town hall with    working on reb…
this is the most urgent un report yet. the stakes are unthinkably high and yet trump says nothing and rolls back pr… 
 : we are speaking up.    members of our caucus are sending a letter to the epa today demanding they rescind the #dirty…
nearly a year after wildfires devastated communities in the north bay, we remember the neighbors and friends who ca… 
 : huge thanks to  for your interest in humboldt manufacturing. we had a great tour of .us and …
 : read &amp; : this week on #wastedresources dems are exposing natural resources republicans’ attacks on our most important environ…
the bipartisan house-passed faa reauthorization act will improve safety &amp; convenience for travelers, and it include… 
 :  and other house dems call for postponing the #kavanaughconfirmtion process until the  can conduct an i…
the women who have come forward with allegations of sexual assault &amp; misconduct against #kavanaugh have shown treme… 
.: it’s long past time for you to do the right thing and postpone proceedings on #kavanaugh’s nominati… 
glad to be a part of this vital bipartisan push to #savelwcf 
 : today, we were part of an lwcf forum with  and  in the library of congress to talk about the important…
 : tune in as democrats show our support for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
 : business leaders are speaking out to #savelwcf!  #lwcf helps protect #publiclands that contribute $ billion annually to the…
our democracy only works when everyone is engaged. make sure your voice is heard in november by registering to vote… 
reauthorizing #lwcf is a no brainer - it costs the american taxpayer nothing, protects our treasured #publiclands,… 
 : didn't quite make it to the #farallonislands due to rough weather, but had a successful dockside tour of  r/v fu…
 : the red woods are the tallest trees in the world. thanks to the #lwcf, eight acres of #publiclands were recently added to …
 : delighted to host our congressperson  and the north bay climate action summit at the buck today. we love bein…
 : thank you ,  and  for submitting this letter to  expressing your concer…
a lifetime supreme court nomination must not be taken lightly. in light of the disturbing allegations, i signed thi… 
 : new online: reports from the library’s congressional research service – objective information on policy, regulation &amp;…
 : the idea that the huge death toll on puerto rico is "really no one's fault" rather than an urgent question for congress…
 : breaking: today we’re launching #wastedresources, a -part series exposing how natural resources committee republicans are was…
thank you  for the interesting conversation! 
president trump &amp; republicans in congress have put social security, a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; the… 
trump’s epa’s assault on the federal methane rule continues. now they’re rolling back protections and creating loop… 
 : members of congress have released a letter detailing how a justice kavanaugh would dismantle the wall of separation betw…
.#kavanaugh’s record on principles of state-church separation &amp; religious liberty is truly alarming. today, we sent… 
new #offthecuff:  joins me to discuss bipartisanship, civility, religion, and how republicans and d… 
i just published “new episode: building bridges with rep. jeff fortenberry” 
 : today , mayor gary phillips, supervisor dennis rodoni, representatives from the business community, and member…
 : jared huffman town hall august , :  via 
for those of you who couldn't make it out to my "holding the president accountable" #townhall, please tune in live… 
 : how can congress and the courts hold the white house accountable?  join , acs president , and …
new  report shows the #cultureofcorruption at trump's interior dept. and why congress needs to strengthen et… 
so much for trump’s promises to #draintheswamp. former lobbyist / current  david bernhardt has taken conf… 
last yr, i urged trump’s doj to follow the money &amp; investigate trump’s “hush money” to #stormydaniels. i'm glad ame… 
 :  days after 's recusal from  ended,  puts the former lobbyist in charge of…
join me for my next community #townhall tuesday, august st,  in fort bragg. i’m looking forward to answering your… 
good news: ca has been awarded $ mil for  disaster recovery including in sonoma &amp; mendocino counties.i will c… 
if you aren't familiar with the scale of our northern california landscape, this  article might help… 
 : icymi :  lauds new #publiclands bill for nw california from , will better protect and restore…
 : mendocino complex incident update .. am #mendocinocomplex    …
 : a local assistance center (lac) for those impacted by the mendocino complex will open friday, august th through friday,…
 : calfire update //pm #mendocinocomplex 
 : no red flag warning for sonoma county 
 : #mendocinocomplex [update] repopulation information for : am 
 : statewide wildland fires map for wednesday, august  #carrfire #mendocinocomplex #fergusonfire #donnellfire #eelfire #natchezf…
¡atención dreamers! you can apply for a #daca renewal even if your last application was rejected specifically due t… 
 : aarp thanks  for voting to #protectsnap and not letting older californians go hungry.
 : calfire update // am #mendocinocomplex 
the #carrfire and #mendocinocomplex fires are challenging enough for communities, first responders, and agency offi… 
 : . says it has "no idea" what trump's talking about in regards to "bad environmental laws" making california's fires…
latest on the two major fire complexes in our area: #mendocinocomplex hwy  between  and  is reopen. keep wat… 
 : why is ’s new northwest california #mountainsandrivers bill not your everyday piece of environmental legislation…
 : // update #mendocinocomplex 
 : download this fire recovery resource list from county of mendocino. can you think of something that should be added? call…
 : map update // noon #mendocinocomplex  for downloadable pdf please click here --&gt;  https://t.c…
for the latest information, evacuation orders, and general information about the horrible wildfires, check out the… 
after advocating for these efforts, i’m glad to see this win for the vaquita! #savethevaquita 
from the majestic smith river to the ancient redwoods, &amp; the mountains in between, #ca has the most spectacular p… 
 : today we delivered a letter to the senate judiciary committee opposing the nomination of judge brett kavanaugh. …
trump &amp; congress' attacks on affordable health care will cost a family of  in my #ca congressional district $,… 
the senate should reject brett #kavanaugh, trump’s supreme court pick. his appointment jeopardizes affordable healt… 
wrong. we should all be glad that the fcc is questioning the sinclair mega-merger. americans deserve a meaningful c… 
thank you  for the great conversation and for coming on #offthecuff! 
bingo. this is why i intro’d new legislation to help find this info out about our presidential candidates beforehan… 
 : as questions swirl around the ' performance in #helsinki, choosing #putin over his intelligence agencies, …
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
glad to see that there will be a vital investigation into this seemingly outrageous level of self-dealing by sec. z… 
 : so grateful for my fellow #voicesresults ca colleagues for the advocacy partnership today  when meeting with many members o…
 : . blocked our amendment to prevent  from carrying out a drastic rollback of motor vehicle standards, whic…
after the disgraceful trump-putin press conference, congress must act to hold russia accountable: my new bill impos… 
#protectmueller 
finally, finally, scott pruitt is gone. as welcome as this news is, scott pruitt was far from the only creature in… 
 : “this attempt to return us to the bad old days of a failed fisheries management policy and overfishing that inevitably…
roe v. wade protects women’s rights to privacy, to health care, to freedom, to choose. i’m saddened but not at all… 
 : welcome, ! i look forward to working with you in our efforts to promote #workingforests from arkansas to calif…
 : thank you  for cosponsoring #hr the safe banking act! click below to urge your rep to support this legislation ht…
scott pruitt has enriched himself and rewarded special interests and campaign donors in a way we’ve never seen befo… 
 : . is supporting the fight to #savelwcf. check out our intern maggie's lte thanking him. 
looking forward to tomorrow's #familiesbelongtogether rally in petaluma to protest the moral atrocity of tearing ch… 
for further proof (not that we need it!) that ca- is the most beautiful congressional district in america, check… 
glad to be a part of this important effort: 
new #offthecuff:  &amp; andrew seidel  join me to discuss our new congressional freethought caucus. time… 
 : thank you    for your leadership to kill a decades old requirement forcing the u.s. mil…
i just published “new episode: religion &amp; politics with rep. jamie raskin and andrew seidel” 
 : on friday,  and  congressional colleagues sent a letter to  calling on him to explain the…
attn north bay residents: please take this seriously and make sure you're signed up to receive emergency alerts 
 : no,  did not do a “fabulous job,” she just repeated the falsehoods you have told to justify the indefensible…
 : 🚨breaking:  picks his next target--our oceans.   announced unnecessary cuts to the successful #natio…
 : alzheimer’s warriors storming the hill. ’s health staff courtney was amazing! so engaged and supportive, thinki…
separating immigrant children from their parents is completely unacceptable and inconsistent with the values that m… 
i led  members of congress in telling  "no" to oil and gas drilling in the arctic national wildli… 
 : on fridays,  &amp; i normally speak on the floor about the schedule for the week ahead.  today, he canceled because i…
scott pruitt is enriching himself and rewarding special interests and campaign donors in a way we’ve never seen bef… 
    sorry to miss this conversation about the need to… 
icymi: in my latest #offthecuff, i was able to sit down w.  to get to the heart of the investigations… 
despite overwhelming public support for a free and open internet, the trump ’s repeal of #netneutrality starts… 
we’re calling on the house gop to join us in blocking funding for the trump administration’s cruel and inhumane pol… 
glad to join nearly  fellow members of congress in this vital effort to hold  accountable &amp; dema… 
california &amp; states across the country are #stillin and leading the way on climate action and driving america towar… 
the trump administration’s decision to leave the #parisagreement will enrich the oil and gas industry at the expens… 
joining     on this letter. congress must hold hearing… 
i #wearorange to give a voice to the  americans who die and the hundreds more who are injured by gun violence eve… 
on the latest episode of #offthecuff, i sat down w.  to talk about his role on the intel committee, r… 
i just published “the russia investigations w. rep. adam schiff” 
one year ago today donald trump ceded the united states’ role as a leader on climate by withdrawing from the… 
education is a key to lifetime success, but congress has failed to provide the funding needed for kids w special ne… 
 : such a fitting backdrop for our tour at manual dominguez high school in #compton to discuss funding for students with disa…
glad to be a part of this effort to hold trump’s toxic team accountable 
 : thank you  for today introducing the "arctic cultural and coastal plain protection act" that will restore protec…
plain and simple: the arctic national wildlife refuge is a national treasure worth protecting for future generation… 
the #gopfarmbill is harmful for farmers, for consumers, and for children and families who depend on #snap.  listen… 
if the #gopfarmbill becomes law, roughly , low-income kids will lose access to school meals, &amp; more than m a… 
with bipartisan support from all over the country, protecting #netneutrality from trump’s fcc should be a no-braine… 
my next guest on the #offthecuff podcast will be  to talk about the ongoing #trumprussia investigatio… 
congrats to the winner of the  congressional art competition, jaslyn ortiz of cloverdale high school! her piece… 
thank you  for having me this morning! 
great discussion this morning. thank you to  for coming to our district for this timely event, and th… 
 : this is what we'll be talking about at first  marin's policy breakfast tomorrow-- with congressman jared huffman and cong…
trump’s decision to withdraw from the #jcpoa is one of his most reckless &amp; self-destructive decisions yet. this go… 
 : rep. jared huffman (d-ca) joins us to discuss the newly formed congressional freethought caucus to promote science &amp; secularis…
 : coming up| we continue to take your thoughts on the #irandeal, then  (r-sc) shares his take on the iran deal, …
 : adding organic matter to our soil, helping it capture more carbon. thank you to  for introducing a bill that wo…
our country needs a national day of reason to provide an inclusive alternative for humanists, atheists, nonreligiou… 
i’m thrilled to be a co-founder of the new congressional freethought caucus, which will help spark an open dialogue… 
 : #iran's hostage-taking continues. #congress thinks they have a new strategy ti combat it. with input from  and …
i intro'd the farmers care act w , , &amp;  to improve the enviro quality incen… 
shame on speaker ryan. he should rescind this firing 
i intro'd a resolution w. ,  &amp;  to designate may rd as a national day of… 
#defendclimate 
 : new podcast from our  on #farmbill features impt discussion about #foodwaste w/ &amp; …
 : thank you     for leading a democratic letter to …
james shaw jr. had the incredible courage to disarm a shooter carrying an assault rifle. this is a decision that no… 
happy #earthday! on this day and every single day, i vow to continue my efforts to protect our environment, prevent… 
new #offthecuff podcast: i speak with  and  about what we'd like to see in the … 
trump’s reckless solar tariffs are a threat to our booming solar industry &amp; could cost thousands of american jobs.… 
i just published “farm bill priorities w. reps. jim mcgovern &amp; chellie pingree” 
 : thanks  for speaking out now (and always) to #protectthearctic! 
congratulations to  for this extraordinary honor. their breaking news coverage of the october wildfire… 
 : thank you ,  and  for your your voice to protect sharks. there's no place for the shar…
 : thanks  for speaking at the th annual nashtu conference! #nashtuconference 
 : join us in welcoming  to our committee!   the new york congresswoman has been a fierce advocate for the people o…
the #goptaxscam is a raw deal for my constituents on the north coast. while big corporations and a few select wealt… 
reminder: high school students still have time to submit entries to the #congressionalartcompetition! original work… 
congress must reclaim the power to declare war. in , we urged president obama to come to congress to debate mil… 
.#momentoftruth: what happens if trump fires mueller? millions of americans all over this country are already takin… 
 : our defender of the ca coast, on the hill and at home.  fun to see him in action...     …
grateful to  for working with me to secure $m in additional federal dollars for ca wildfire relief.… 
to all #dreamers: right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca… 
i’ve gotten a lot of helpful input on my draft proposal to improve federal land management in trinity county. check… 
 : my staff &amp; i are closely following developments from the active shooter situation at youtube hq in san bruno, ca. thank yo…
thank you to all those are making your voices heard to be sure that there won’t be one drop of oil from new drillin… 
this disturbing sinclair propaganda is exactly why  and i introduced a bill to to close #sinclair me… 
 : . (ca-),  (ca-), and  (ca-) held a public meeting on the dangers of off-shore dr…
new #offthecuff podcast features highlights from my recent student summit on gun violence prevention at… 
thanks  &amp;  for joining me in sausalito to discuss the outrageous threat of new offshore oil d… 
i just published “new episode: gun violence student summit” 
 : ., , , and dave bitts of pcffa are in sausalito today to discuss the threat of new #of…
 : honored to represent  and stand with local and federal leaders at today's congressional hearing to oppose #off…
 : .  announced the recipients of the fifth annual distinguished travel champion award:  (r-me),…
please join ,  and myself tomorrow for a public meeting on the impact of #offshoredrilling. t… 
i’m very honored to receive an “f” grade from the  for my efforts to pass commonsense gun safety legislation. l… 
 : so grateful to  ,  and  for their continued leadership on #publiclands and suppo…
 : something extraordinary just happened on the floor. republicans closed the vote while democrats were yelling they wanted t…
thanks  for the honor &amp; for your work to increase travel to and within the u.s.! 
happy ‘rosie the riveter day!’ i’m glad to honor this day by celebrating with phyllis gould, one of the north coast… 
 : many thanks to  co-signers and to , , , ,  for leading a…
 : a long chat with the only member of congress who says he doesn’t believe in god -  on the new episode of #itsal…
 : .: “would we let a cardiologist lie to his heart attack patients?!! nooo! we wouldn’t. so we shouldn’t let fake clini…
i'm so inspired by students who are saying #enoughisenough. thanks to stoneman douglas alum  &amp; everyone… 
 : amazing, inspirational, hopeful meeting with  including a panel of students and our own  members #enoug…
 : proud of our attendance of our mill valley teachers and students inspired by rep jared huffman and student ambassador’s and…
 : thank you  for hosting this student summit on #gunviolence, making space for #youthvoice. thank you, mike thorn…
 : u.s.  hosts #studentsummit on #schoolsafety and #gunviolenceprevention with #stonemandouglashs grad #bradle…
in honor of  #publicschoolsweek, i intro'd a bill to repair school and library buildings, upgrade broadband infrast… 
my heavy heart goes out to ryan zirkle’s family, friends, loved ones, the marin county sheriff department, and our… 
one good thing to come out of this morning’s interior budget hearing: secretary zinke acknowledged that california… 
 : . "it's not just the huge cuts...this is a budget that places the exploration of our land above all other us…
 : breaking: gop just shut down house intel investigation, leaving questions unanswered, leads unexplored, countless witnes… scp (so-called president) talks kavanaugh. we talk #lowerhealthcarecosts. scp talks caravan. we talk #increasedpay… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
they seek to divide, by fanning the flames of hate. we seek to uplift, by focusing on lowering healthcare costs and… 
wage growth is stagnant. gas prices are up. and republicans want to strip away aca protections for pre-existing con… 
shocked that so-called president is moving forward with another make america hate again rally this evening. we will… 
saddened by another senseless mass shooting at tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. may god watch over the squirre… 
have to keep it real - not buying disingenuous call for unity from the “president” earlier today. we need meaningfu… 
thankful to all of the first responders, postal inspectors and law enforcement officials who risk their lives every… 
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
this guy is totally unhinged. we need a check and balance on an out of control executive #forthepeople 
leadership starts at the top. stop trafficking hateful rhetoric, deep state conspiracy theories, attacks on the fbi… 
while the master of distraction (so-called president) seeks to divide, we will continue to focus on lower healthcar… 
despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription d… 
start with your  presidential campaign. lock them up #russiancollusion 
concerned about gentrification? join us tonight for a central brooklyn town hall meeting to save our communities 
disgusted by republican efforts to stop people from voting. we must #cleanupcorruption and end the era of voter suppression #forthepeople
master of distraction keeps talking about ridiculous border wall (not happening). republicans want to destroy prote… 
saudi butchers claim wapo journalist died in a fight. yeah, and the earth is flat. why doesn’t so-called leader of… 
these are sick people #cleanupcorruption 
house dems fighting to lower healthcare costs and the high price of prescription drugs #forthepeople. mitch mcconne… 
why does fake leader of the free world (and his cronies) continue to stand by saudi arabian butchers? disgraceful… 
after passing #goptaxscam where % of benefits go to wealthiest %, washington republicans want to slash &amp; burn so… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
while we fight #forthepeople what exactly has the party in power done? stagnant wages. higher gas prices. exploding… 
washington post journalist apparently killed by close ally of the trump administration. the authoritarian crowd in… 
they should fear a democratic congress. we’ll fight to lower health care costs #forthepeople   
celebrating my dad’s th birthday, a cold war air force veteran.  so-called maga patriots will never lecture us ab… 
these phonies will stop at nothing to keep power. we fight #forthepeople. they fight for the privileged few. don’t.… 
the oval office minstrel show was a complete disgrace. but don't be distracted. we must lower healthcare costs, inc… 
saudi arabia is out of control. syria in chaos, run by a chemical weapons butcher. iran remains an oppressive theoc… 
so-called president once asked what more do we have to lose? the answer: everything 
two years ago today the late, great brooklyn da ken thompson passed away. he transformed lives, made the impossible… 
while the clown show distracts the nation, republican assault on people with pre-existing conditions continues unab… 
right-wing mobs regularly chanted lock her up (no basis, no evidence, no trial) now pretend to be champions of due process? phonies
they destroyed the presidency. and now they have completely delegitimized the supreme court #cleanupcorruption
vote like your (quality of) life depends on it. because it does #forthepeople #rememberinnovember
senate confirms conspiracy-peddling partisan hack. and shreds the supreme court’s credibility. do. not. forget. this. moment.
america's bridges, roads, tunnels, mass transit system and public housing developments are crumbling. republicans s… 
stock market is down. gas prices are up. but the #cluelesscaucus continues to claim that americans are better off u… 
you can take your fake apology and flush it down the toilet #stopkavanaugh 
this is a democracy. not a dictatorship. republicans must release fbi report to the american people. what are you hiding?
we fight #forthepeople (lower healthcare costs, increased pay). they fight for themselves #goptaxscam 
republicans stole a supreme court seat from  in . how dare the senate majority leader lecture us ab… 
enjoyed spending a few moments w/ ,  and  during #globalcitizen concert discussing… 
we are supposed be working #forthepeople in dc this month.  but house gop cancelled the congressional session. they… 
joined  on stage at #globalcitizen concert in fight to #endmassincarceration in america #forthepeople 
petulant, unhinged, conspiracy-peddling so called judge (who repeatedly misled congress) should not be given a life… 
voted hell no on #goptaxscam . earlier today. why in the world we would give more tax cuts to the top % in ameri… 
lie (more than any administration in the history of the republic). cheat ( election/russian interference). stea… 
this guy (so-called judge) is arrogant, rude and having a total meltdown at this hearing #stopkavanaugh
lead poisoning. mold. uninhabitable living conditions. we have failed public housing residents in nyc (and througho… 
house republicans want to jam another phony so-called tax reform bill (trump friends &amp; family plan) down the throat… 
world leaders laugh at trump during un speech. this guy continues to embarrass us on the global stage. please get b… 
heading back to dc to advance #forthepeople agenda and fight republican efforts to expand #goptaxscam (% of benef… 
house democrats are fighting to dramatically reduce prescription drug prices and increase pay #forthepeople. republ… 
trump says there is a lingering stench at the department of justice. actually donald, the stench is coming from … 
wages are down, gas prices are up and trade war is spiraling out of control. house dems fighting for… 
 : this week, i delivered the democratic address regarding puerto rico, the one-year anniversary of maria, the virgin isla…
house republicans apparently believe the economy is all wine and roses. nonsense. we have a wage stagnation problem… 
joined  and nyc congressional delegation to mark one year since hurricane maria struck pr. we stand… 
this guy (the donald) shows compassion in the carolinas but continually disrespects puerto rico and the us vi - wha… 
trump economy = wages down, heathcare premiums up. our agenda = lower healthcare costs + increased pay + clean up corruption #forthepeople
it’s a new day in central brooklyn with the election of  to the state senate. the trump train in albany (le… 
 : earlier today, i announced my office’s new program to erase misdemeanor #marijuana convictions. this is a big deal, and par…
house gop culture of corruption v. house democratic #forthepeople agenda. while rome (so-called administration) bur… 
thankful that our struggle to eradicate the prison industrial complex and #endmassincarceration has tremendous, aut… 
we need marijuana arrest reform in nyc (and throughout america). stop criminalizing our young people! 
looks like several fake democrats are going down in flames in #nyc, after partnering w/trump republicans in the sta… 
stop lying (something is really wrong with this guy). and show some respect for the thousands of americans in pr wh… 
wage stagnation. underemployment. crumbling infrastructure. retirement insecurity. culture of corruption. but house… 
trump fights for himself. house democrats fight #forthepeople. simply put, that's the difference between us and you… 
federal deficit will hit $ trillion in the next few weeks, thanks to #goptaxscam. while  fight for… 
americans of all races came together after #septemberth. now some in this country want to divide us. we will neve… 
trump just complained about so-called democratic obstruction to his #makeamericahateagain agenda. really? this guy… 
shanah tova umetukah! have a blessed, prosperous and sweet new year!!!
wh budget director rhetorically asked some gop donors what is the signature piece of legislation dems are against?… 
serena williams v. naomi osaka. us open tennis championship. that’s what we call in bk #blackgirlmagic
house democratic caucus agenda = lower healthcare costs, increased pay, clean-up corruption. house gop… 
if anyone needs to take a lie detector test at  pennsylvania ave., it’s you know who #birtherinchief
lower healthcare costs. increased pay. clean-up corruption #forthepeople 
wages down. gas prices up. culture of corruption out of control. and this guy (so-called president) stays on the go… 
how dare they try to jam a lifetime supreme ct. appointment down the throats of the american people at a kangaroo c… 
wages are down. gas prices are up. everyday americans are paying the price of reckless republican policies.  they f… 
our country was built on the backs of slaves, immigrants and the hardworking women/men of organized labor. we shoul… 
white house refuses to turn over more one hundred thousand pages of documents on supreme court nominee. what are th… 
may god forever bless the memories of the dynamic queen of soul, aretha franklin and the beloved maverick, senator… 
rally? more like a three ring circus. while the charlatans perform, house dems focus on #increasedpay for everyday… 
gop tax scam showered massive tax cuts on millionaires/billionaires. exploded the debt. % of benefits went to top… 
so-called president wants to censor what everyday americans can view on the internet (when content not flattering t… 
at what point will his sycophants denounce the pathological lying? apparently, never. house dems will… 
we’re fighting #forthepeople. fake trade agreement w/ mexico more smoke and mirrors from master of deception. how d… 
another week, another mass shooting in our country. it’s time for the do-nothing republican congress to do-somethin… 
trump republicans (exhibiting cult-like behavior) embrace culture of corruption #coverupcaucus. we reject it. we wi… 
john mccain. good man. great american. may he rest in peace and rise in glory 
let trump be trump (chaos, crisis &amp; corruption). mueller be mueller (chips fall where they may). and democrats be d… 
patriot. war hero. straight shooter. defender of liberty. praying for senator mccain and his family during this difficult hour 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
gop tax scam (trump friends and family plan) rewards mega corporations and super rich donors. we have a different a… 
trump cronies continue to flip on so-called president. is this the beginning of the end? time to… 
why should an un-indicted co-conspirator (and apparent crime family boss) make a lifetime appointment to the supreme court? #stopkavanaugh
trump promised to only hire great people. where are they now? #cleanupcorruption 
trump to speak shortly at (make america hate again) rally in west virginia. while his crime syndicate is in full me… 
longtime trump attorney and fixer (michael cohen) guilty of criminal campaign finance violations. it appears that a… 
why is everyone around this guy under criminal investigation? perhaps we are dealing with a richard nixon type croo… 
trump translation   “low energy” jeb = my weekly golf vacations “lying” ted = my general disposition  “little” marc… 
will house republicans ever tire of the malignant 🤡 show at  pennsylvania ave.? (apparently not)
republican tax scam (aka trump friends &amp; family plan) provided % of the benefits to wealthiest % in america. dem… 
biggest lie ever told by so-called president is that he cares about working men and women. democrats will fight to… 
nothing but r.e.s.p.e.c.t. for the #queenofsoul. may #arethafranklin forever rest in peace 🙏🏾 
great turnout from canarsie and east new york residents at our l train town hall meeting. we will work hard to deli… 
dropped by a bustling senior center earlier today. we will always defend social security &amp; medicare. no. matter. wh… 
join me this evening for a transportation town hall meeting in canarsie with the mta! #forthepeople 
senior black  adviser a dog but neo-nazis are fine people. when will gop call out the pathological bigot… 
why do republicans obsessively attack ?  it’s simple. they. have. no. plan. we do #lowerhealthcosts… 
omarosa and cohen are crushing this guy (grand wizard of  pennsylvania ave) #receipts   
we fight #forthepeople. they fight to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. exhibit a = gop tax scam  
 : what is ' #forthepeople agenda? ✔lower health care costs &amp; reduce the price of rx drugs ✔raise wages &amp; crea…
neo-nazis are hate-filled, dangerous neanderthals. they are not fine people on both sides. rest in peace… 
too little, too late #birther-in-chief 
stagnant wage growth. rising inflation. trump economy leaving everyday americans behind. we stand for… 
chaos. crisis. corruption (in other words, republican-controlled government). we will #cleanupcorruption to make wa… 
space force? something is very wrong with these people. while they play pretend star wars, we’re working to lower t… 
republicans promised to drain the swamp (they failed). all talk. no action. democrats are fighting to… 
police and community coming together at national night out against crime #forthepeople 
happy birthday to robert mueller, a great american and a real patriot #muellertime #collusion #russianhacking 
gop tax scam = governing for the special interests. we are fighting to #endcitizensunited and clean up corruption #forthepeople
very saddened by passing of bill howard. confidante of great shirley chisholm. west indian day parade leader. man o… 
healthcare premiums and co-pays are about to skyrocket. this guy (so-called president) is back on vacation. again.… 
another ignorant statement from the dumbest man ever to occupy the oval office (many people are saying). we’re figh… 
wage growth for everyday americans remains sluggish. yet % of benefit of #goptaxscam went to wealthiest one perce… 
congress is broken. too much money in washington. influence-peddling gone wild. we’re working hard to clean-up corruption #forthepeople
no one has done more to stain our country’s reputation than your out of control administration #trumpcare… 
republican attacks on health care are raising premiums, co-pays and deductibles. stakes are high. we are fighting… 
this guy continues to embarrass himself. go talk to mexico about paying for your ridiculous border wall. and stop b… 
busy day in the district, including #congressonyourcorner event in brighton beach. we fight #forthepeople (not spec… 
house democrats fighting to lower health care costs. protect pre-existing conditions coverage. reduce prescription… 
so-called commander-in-chief must stop the bromance with putin (the puppeteer) and do something. now  
our nation’s infrastructure is crumbling. gop has a fake plan. we have a real one. invest $ trillion. create  mi… 
republican #coverup caucus introduced articles of impeachment against deputy attorney general. take a hike
voted hell no on republican bill to impose fraudulent health care plans on everyday americans. we will… 
while we stand up #forthepeople (lower healthcare costs, increased pay, anti-corruption), the republican… 
reckless republican agenda will end roe v. wade protection. we must #stopkavanaugh in the senate. defend a woman’s… 
house republicans have a new slogan: better off now? (the answer is heck no). house democrats have a continuing mis… 
actually, you have consistently given up america’s precious standing as leader of the free world #agentorange 
it’s inconceivable that you are the president of the united states #collusion #putin 
back on the streets in coney island this morning for #congressonyourcorner. why do we do what we do? for. the. peop… 
prescription drug prices are skyrocketing out of control. so-called commander-in-chief back on the golf course (aga… 
republican assault on people with pre-existing conditions  is cruel and inhumane. we must stop them. we will stop them #forthepeople
russia attacked our democracy. meddled in the  election. helped put trump in office. stop lying to the american… 
better off now? get real. these guys are living on fantasy island. we’re #forthepeople. the #goptaxscam proved they… 
lower healthcare costs. increase your pay. clean up corruption.  fighting #forthepeople #abetterdeal
so-called commander-in-chief says he misspoke. get real. not feeling your fake clarification. not now. not ever.
trump took an oath to defend america against all enemies foreign and domestic. that. includes. russia. #followthefacts #coverupcaucus
we once had a president who stood up to putin #realleadership 
trump blames america. for crisis created by thuggish putin/russian behavior. republican #coverupcaucus nowhere to b… 
what does putin have on trump? we will find out. one way or the other. no. matter. how. long. it. takes.
why don’t you pipe down, get off the golf course (for once) and do something about america’s underemployment/wage s… 
bromance b/w trump and puppetmaster putin a complete disgrace. we’re going to deliver everyday americans higher pay… 
republican #coverupcaucus thought  would not call bs at fake hearing. wrong. when they go low. we hi… 
twelve more indictments in trump-russia campaign collusion scandal. america deserves to know whether or not  is a… 
yesterday’s #kangaroocourt (so-called hearing) totally backfired on #coverupcaucus.  continue to foc… 
 indictments (and counting).  guilty pleas (and counting). campaign manager in prison. but trump is victim and s… 
here at the phony republican hearing on fake fbi bias against trump. let’s be clear. the witness is spanking these… 
just blasted so-called commander-in-chief on house floor. he failed america on healthcare, tax relief and infrastru… 
mcconnell &amp; the boys stole supreme ct seat from . how dare they jam an anti-choice, anti-aca right wing… 
gop tax scam will lead to skyrocketing health care costs. this fall. another republican raw deal #resist
stood with nyc congressional delegation to support historic $ billion investment in america’s public housing. res… 
trump &amp; co. prepare to announce hard right nomination to supreme court. we prepare to expose. resist. defeat that nomination. #forthepeople
rudy giuliani (as us attorney) had multiple cases overturned by judges b/c his prosecutions were badly tainted. and… 
nothing but luv for the community and all who came out to #congressonyourcorner this morning in bed stuy! 
more evidence that racial animus deeply embedded in soil at  pennsylvania ave. not acceptable. we will drive th… 
trump tariffs are crushing working families, including his supporters in rural america. this guy is totally out of control #abetterdeal
joined with  in strong support of ’s big/bold billion dollar plus vital brooklyn initiat… 
corrupt epa administrator scott pruitt gone.  good riddance (and make sure to fly coach on the way back to oklahoma)
happy birthday america!!! let’s rededicate ourselves to confronting tyranny (foreign and domestic) in the land of t… 
trump just reversed obama administration policy on encouraging diversity in colleges/universities. what the hell do… 
if administration’s goal is to reduce inequality, who is more vulnerable than public housing children poisoned by e… 
difference b/w house dems &amp; republicans? % of #goptaxscam goes to top %.  support #netneutrality… 
the block is hot in d.c., leaving many of us to ask the question: what would ghost do?  
when you undermine the rule of law and attack legitimate investigations this is what happens #resist  
trump tariffs are destroying good-paying jobs left and right throughout blue collar america. when is enough enough? #abetterdeal
we have a (so-called) president who regularly uses the bully pulpit to attack journalists and embraces thugs in rus… 
another attempt by republican cover-up caucus (including so-called intelligence committee chair) to fool the americ… 
republicans stole supreme ct. seat from . now court is waging war against working families/everyday ame… 
republican cover-up caucus continues to misrepresent legit criminal investigation into trump/russia collusion as wi… 
supreme ct majority disgraced itself again by upholding trump’s muslim ban (make america hate again). this decision has zero credibility
house republicans cut taxes for millionaires/billionaires. and increase taxes on churches, synagogues, mosques and… 
thankful to all from fort greene/clinton hill who came out to yesterday’s #congressonyourcorner. resistance to trum… 
we helped create the mess in central america that many refugees are fleeing. it's our responsibility to help clean… 
these are sick people  
many people detained on the border are legitimate asylum applicants with credible fears of persecution. stop treati… 
we have work to do, like lowering healthcare costs, repairing our infrastructure and creating good-paying jobs. but… 
trump/republicans locked up more than , children in cages, after ripping them away from their parents. nothing… 
bully-in-chief caved (what a tough guy). but we’re not done. now we must break the so-called attorney general’s new… 
trump considering ending his morally-bankrupt practice of ripping children away from parents. america has risen up.… 
gop tax scam led to higher health care costs for everyday americans + massive tax cuts for the wealthy. we will res… 
trump on the hill defending gop’s immoral policy of ripping children from arms of their parents. unlikely house rep… 
ig report makes clear former fbi director decided to play judge, jury &amp; executioner in  presidential race. and… 
actually, you have infested the white house and our democracy w/ your immoral poison. take a hike 
heading back to dc to fight reckless republican budget that cuts social security &amp; medicare. everyone deserves to r… 
trump can end the unconscionable, unacceptable , un-american family separation policy today. pick up the phone. cal…  for  years,  has focused on what he can take away: your citizenship. your healthcare. your right t… 
grateful for your leadership, proud to support this legislation. #maternaljustice 
to        … 
 : r.:  'la investigación es clave para el progreso. más d ⅓ d estados no están estudiando la mortalidad ma…
 : thank you ! we cannot play politics with the lives of mothers and babies. 
 : r.: : "sin importar el clima político, concientizar y alzar la voz hace la diferencia. nuestros esfuerzo…
finally - from providers to policymakers - listen to mothers. childbirth is a feat impossible to imagine for those… 
have also been heartened to hear of #maternaljustice collaborations going on across country. in my home state of ma… 
research is the key to progress. over / of states aren’t studying maternal deaths. undertaking these studies coul… 
 : yes!  was there to support the bill and discuss march of dimes commitment to improving maternal health. v…
and we must be mindful that there is one group bearing the brunt of our insufficiency here -- mothers of color. fol… 
no matter the political climate, raising awareness on matters &amp; speaking up makes a difference. our successful effo… 
we need more support for the house bill. encourage any and all - especially in republican-led districts - to contac… 
the  held a hearing on reducing #maternalmortality in sept. we discussed ’s bill &amp; the… 
conversation moving forward should include: expanded access in rural or underserved areas, boost in funding for com… 
but access isn’t enough if care is unaffordable. rising deductibles mean even w/insurance new parents can be handed… 
addressing the gaps starts with protecting gains made. . million previously uninsured women gained health care co… 
the statistics are staggering and speak for themselves. today, % of births are covered under medicaid. from -… 
finally, no way to advance #maternaljustice w/o protecting gains made in health care by aca -- whether guaranteeing… 
.  and  have been leading legislative efforts in the senate as well. commen… 
my colleague  intro’d legislation that would support states in researching maternal deaths &amp; identif… 
 : r.: : "no hay excusa para que la nación más rica sobre la tierra tenga el peor índice de muerte materna…
while i appreciate state-level efforts to make #maternaljustice a priority - ca has made great strides with inequit… 
hard truth is that this issue is bigger than a health chart. it's about how + why the voices of black patients are… 
there is no excuse for the lack of organized data surrounding #maternalmortality and its racial disparities. black… 
no excuse for the richest nation on earth to have the worst rate of maternal deaths in the developed world. none. #maternaljustice
advocacy groups like        and… 
lack of access to affordable prenatal, maternal, &amp; postpartum health care. lack of access to maternity coverage pri… 
it's an injustice of unacceptable proportion that the richest, most powerful, most innovative nation on earth would… 
in , the un committee on the elimination of racial discrimination urged the us to eliminate racial disparities… 
black women are % more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth related causes than white women. we can’t addr… 
 : in  minutes - join us &amp;  for a maternal health legislation chat w/, , …
 : "since the beginning, immigration has been an affirmation of our success, not a threat to it." —  in …
as  sends , active duty troops to confront a group of exhausted, terrified migrants weeks away… 
white supremacy is terrorizing our communities. from the streets of charlottesville to a supermarket in kentucky an… 
 : the u.s. must do more to address our maternal health crisis. join us &amp;  for a chat on maternal health leg /…
a synagogue. a school. a church. a concert. a neighborhood. a park. america. victims change. communities change. mo… 
icymi: if you or a loved one has been defrauded by corinthian college, please visit the link below to learn more ab… 
best team in mlb history.  yankees fans will be blocked. #damagedone
we will not sit by while hatred finds safe quarter in our united states. we will not allow the country we love to b… 
 : the commonwealth stands with the tree of life synagogue family and the entire pittsburgh community. our shared american v…
 : .: “we will not stand idly by while hatred finds quarter in our united states.” 
 : . speaking today in boston to honor victims of #treeoflifemassacre: “we gather in solidarity with jewish…
heartbroken for tree of life congregation and pittsburgh.  praying for the recovery of those injured, the jewish co… 
 : “after years of illegal delay, a federal judge ordered   to consider my office’s application on behalf of thousa…
quick reminder: trump is proposing a $ trillion cut to the program that covers nearly  percent of american adult… 
trump's inch-deep economic populism continues to abandon american workers. i'm urging his  to withdraw a new r… 
 : we are so proud to have this kind of representation in congress! thank you,  , for standing with immigrants. #immig…
since the beginning, immigration has been an affirmation of our success, not a threat to it. we should not worry wh… 
 : next monday, we're joining / for a very special tweet chat about america's maternal health crisis with …
 : a career in #stem has a lot to offer, and the field is in need of more young talent. thank you, , …
hatred and violence against political adversaries and the free press defy what it means to be american. grateful in… 
addiction is a preexisting condition. addiction treatment is an essential health benefit. medicaid covers nearly … 
 
for those who reach our border, we have a process in place to meet them. many may qualify for asylum. those who do… 
the caravan in the president’s crosshairs today is not a battalion of armed invaders. it is a group of thus far pea… 
beneath our president's attempts to weaponize, politicize and racialize these migrants' journey for his own elector… 
 : “can we stop climate change? can we save our planet? there is only one answer - it has the be ‘yes’.” - congressman kennedy
 : us rep. joe kennedy iii urges trump administration to end crack down on sponsors for migrant children …
 : . to : “by scaring away potential sponsors who cld provide a child a safe home outside of a gov’t-run fac…
 : “to you, who can solve this problem, who will demand that we address it...who can help, in my hope, unify a nation in doin…
 : ., increasingly a leading voice on immigration, out with a new statement on the migrant caravan: “many may quali…
companies like  can lay the foundation for a more loving, more accepting society where all of our lgbtq+ ne… 
dodgers are - against  in the world series. lakers are - against the celtics in the nba finals. #beatla… 
 : we need to expand opportunity and investments so that every child can recognize and realize their potential. that’s what…
 : .  urges trump administration to end crack down on sponsors for migrant children #mapoli …
 : nexamp’s  kw solar project located on the roof of medway high school underscores the positive impact solar can have on schoo…
yesterday, , ,  ceo jeffrey leiden and i kicked off our inaugural #massstemweek… 
 : "this administration never ceases to amaze me in its complete disregard for the humanity of american citizens," …
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
 : . says trump administration's 'attacks' on transgender rights emphasize importance of massachusetts' que…
 : kicking off #massstemweek here  in #roxbury with , , , …
today we raise our voices against an administration that continues to cower to the forces of hatred and bigotry, an… 
this nation's darkest days have always come when our government deemed civil rights conditional. ’s… 
 : excellent op-ed by  polito   jeff leiden on advancing #stem education: "we need t…
 : thank you, , for coming to visit our phoenix office this week and for your tireless advocacy on behalf o…
 : spoke with  about his tour of a texas "tent city" this week where , migrant children are being housed.…
due to some last minute scheduling conflicts, we won’t be bringing #tour to raynham, freetown-lakeville and somer… 
any child standing afraid &amp; alone in our nation's courtrooms is unacceptable. the attorneys &amp; social workers at… 
your  played tough and made us sweat . that team will be playing deep in october for years. and… 
#beatla 
this is you and all your friends laughing hysterically about gutting preexisting conditions a year ago. you thought… 
for corinthian students, empty promises opened the door to hollow degrees funded by student loans &amp; painful financi… 
 : this can’t be retweeted enough. north carolina publicly stated in court that the reason they stopped sunday voting was th…
it’s simple: these are conditions under which no child on american soil should live. one young girl begged us for h… 
en route to tornillo to tour the trump administration’s expanding tent city for migrant children. deeply concerned… 
 : us representative joseph p. kennedy iii wants to put a dollar figure on the amount the united states spends as a result of…
win one world series ring and already talking all this trash. i’ll take the team with  wins. just let me know wh… 
 years later a nation still mourns the loss of a brave young man.  matthew shepard  inspired millions of lgbtq yo… 
 : “credible accusations of having perpetrated gender-based crimes warrants thorough investigation. if that reflects the…
students studying stem in our classrooms today will be equipped with the skills needed to join our globalized, rapi… 
 : it’s not ‘mccarthyism’ to demand  sever ties with brett kavanaugh  via  …
"we will not stop speaking out against attempts to mislead or manipulate why alumni, students, and others have prot… 
if this is your first time seeing this graph, you have friends who haven’t seen it yet. share far and wide. h/t… 
we cannot underestimate the lengths the gop will go to suppress and silence the voices of minority voters. it’s the… 
 : it was an honor to host , michael curry of  and , and dr. margarita alegria for a conversation a…
% of counties in this country do not have a single practicing psychologist, psychiatrist, or social worker. stude… 
 : today is #worldmentalhealthday. , thank you for making the trip to campus this afternoon, and for your c…
only a third of black americans receive mental health treatment they need and only % of hispanics with a mental il… 
a man handed nearly half a billion dollars in assistance from his father is now telling immigrants they aren’t welc… 
coach belichick tells us not to brag but i’ll just point out the last super bowl parade in kansas city happened … 
a living wage and affordable housing is not too much to ask for the workers who power our city and our commonwealth… 
let’s count the ways this is a lie: ⁃you tried to take health care from  million americans ⁃when you failed, you… 
climate change is real and it is here. it is no longer about how we prepare but how we respond. we can pretend it d… 
that’s not cause for hand-wringing, that’s cause for hope. and we found that hope in the millions of americans who… 
and if this sacred system is worth it’s salt, it can shake, it can crumble in weak places, it can get messy as it c… 
lots of hands wringing left and right about how the fractious kavanaugh debate disrupted and debased our democratic… 
if you believe in civil rights &amp; equal justice. if you believe that those we entrust with a supreme court robe shou… 
never a bad time to visit the beautiful cranberry bogs at ! big thanks to the workers and leadership… 
bringing our #tour office hours to #mansfield library (:am) &amp;  (pm) tomorrow. hope to see you there!
 : expertise in stem subjects is valuable in so many professions. take part in st #massstemweek oct. - …
as  promises to protect americans with preexisting conditions it’s important to remember one thing.… 
means so much coming from one of the fiercest young women i’ve ever met! 
 : happy birthday to the world’s greatest dad. we love you to the moon and back. 🎂 
we stand with the florence police department, we mourn the loss of terrence carraway, and we send prayers to all of… 
throughout #hispanicheritagemonth &amp; #latinoheritagemonth we embrace our nation’s diversity as something to be cheri… 
 : happy birthday, ! grateful i can call you a friend and partner in congress. thank you for coming to my home…
 : happy birthday to my good friend &amp; a powerful voice for social justice in the house, . thank you for your lead…
black women are % more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth than white women. we can’t have a conversation… 
thank you, ! 
at #fallriver’s business innovation center, our local entrepreneurs aren’t just building new businesses, they’re re… 
when our commonwealth’s businesses stand up, people listen. thank you to  &amp; the mass. business coalit… 
gop congress voted over  times to deny care for preexisting conditions. unless my colleagues have figured out how… 
the president of the united states mocked a survivor of sexual assault. not one republican senator appears ‘appalled’ enough to act.
, people who refuse to be silenced. every single vote counts. 
trump administration junk insurance plans will cover you until you get sick, injured, pregnant or ever need prescri… 
this administration sure has a thing for breaking up families. 
 : an immigration “policy” that continues to be a moral stain on our country: more than  minor children taken from the…
 : 👏🏻 to hls students for taking a stand and to  and  for spearheading an alumni response. #m…
grateful to ,  and  for leading this charge. 
for families that lost loved ones in #lasvegas &amp; victims that still bear scars, the terror and trauma of that shoot… 
two weeks left for our extraordinary #ma students to submit their apps to the . can’t wait to see… 
american bombs are killing innocent yemeni civilians. american policy makers are standing idly by while eight milli… 
to all the women who have shared stories of their own over the last few days: thank you for your brave voices. you… 
given the choice to make their #goptaxscam permanent for workers or corporations, gop &amp;  chose corporations.… 
a party that held a scotus seat open for over a year can wait a few days for a fbi investigation. unless they’re af… 
 : "a wealthy black woman with an advanced degree is still more likely to die or have a baby die than a poor white woman without…
they’re prosecuting a victim. cross-examining a survivor. last time i checked she wasn’t the one asking our country for a job promotion.
i cannot fathom the courage it took to do what dr. blasey ford just did. or what it meant for the countless women a… 
a must read, brave piece written by my friend and colleague . thank you for your courage and advocac… 
facts are stubborn. whenever the gop claims their corporate tax cut gave working americans a real raise, remember t… 
executing the policy was reason enough for secretary nielsen to resign. repeatedly lying to the american public abo… 
in the last  years as majority leader, mitch mcconnell has tried to take health care from  million americans, su… 
listen to the brave voices sharing their #whyididntreport stories. understand how the words and actions of those in… 
at , families not only have the security of a roof over their heads, but the stability that opens d… 
missing my massachusetts  playbook this morning but looking forward to welcoming  to dc &amp; c… 
once again this administration puts a price tag on the american dream. 
 : powerful piece via , daughter of the reagans--&gt;  i was sexually assaulted. here’s why i don’t remember many…
senate gop has waited years to update its own sexual harassment policies, months to reauthorize the violence agains… 
more than just treating individual patients, detroit’s  treats neighbors, families and their entire com… 
 out of  sexual assaults are never reported. might have something to do with the fact that for every , rapes,… 
this is a sick and shameful ad. when you don't have the facts or the principles on your side, fear-mongering is all… 
put aside partisan politics &amp; process. christine blasey ford deserves to be heard. she deserves decency from our go… 
 : it was a pleasure hosting  and   today at our center! 
 :  &amp;  thank you for your time listening to our leadership, talking to our staff and clients! …
 : yesterday, , , &amp; i urged  to hold hearings immediately on the safety &amp; federal…
 : ., along with  and , have sent a letter to leaders on the house energy and commer…
wishing an easy and meaningful fast to all those observing yom kippur.
a scared, small government looks at the . million refugees fleeing unimaginable persecution and violence, and cl… 
   that’s why i make a double shot at home before getting a quad shot at dunkin. 
only one person has ever matched me espresso shot for espresso shot: . he’s relentless, he’s thoughtful and… 
let me be the first to tell you,  &amp;  don’t need a gavel to torment . but… 
 : . tells us how happy he is to see a room full of people willing to talk about #behavioralhealth because without…
 : we’re here at  talking about #mentalhealth among professional athletes and in general. thanks to , …
 : ”be quick to support and slow to judge,” stevens said. “everybody feels comfortable when they’re just talking about thei…
 : in just a few hours i’ll be moderating an event with  about sports and #mentalhealth with panelists brad stevens,…
tough doesn’t even begin to describe . thinking of him &amp;  today and praying he gets well… 
 : nothing beats fall in new england 🍎 #ciderdonutsundae 📸 
tomorrow we're bringing our #tour office hours to #wellesley, #dover &amp; #medfield. times/locations here - hope to… 
to all of those in the carolinas bracing for #florencehurricane, please be safe and heed the warnings of first… 
in ,  exposed an injustice in his community that was taking the lives of his neighbors. as a repor… 
thoughts are with lawrence, andover &amp; north andover today. these are tough, resilient communities. grateful for the… 
 : lawrence mayor dan rivera: donations can be brought to the lawrence senior center. volunteers are also needed. #mvgasfire
 : new: #lawrence mayor dan rivera is now asking all residents of south lawrence to evacuate their homes - this, in addition…
 : en espanol si necesitas:   residentes buscando informacion de los fuegos en #lawrence marquen el .  ubicaciones de r…
 : shelters for folks who are forced to evacuate from andover and north andover have been set up at north andover middle scho…
 : not a drill: anyone in the lawrence, andover and north andover area who smells gas needs to leave immediately. watch live: ht…
when we fail our teachers, we fail our students and we fail our future. even if we weren’t the wealthiest nation on… 
once again, innovative health care in our commonwealth is saving and improving lives. big thanks to  for b… 
 : it's "sad" and "not surprising" that  would turn the aftermath of the hurricane that devastated puerto ric…
treating sick patients is a moral requirement. padding a ceo’s pocket isn’t. 
this is what your math looks like when you count black or brown lives less than white lives. 
defrauding students is illegal. and now  knows covering up for fraudulent for-profit colleges is illeg… 
 : tonight   (d-mass) joins me on my  show to talk the gop's latest efforts to end coverage for…
 : icymi: a link to the conversation about #mentalhealth on  yesterday with me,   and …
puerto ricans can’t afford to bury loved ones. water bottles are sitting unopened on an airport tarmac a year after… 
 : the event is almost sold out! grab your free tickets at the  facebook page!  #mentalhealth #mentalh…
 : here at the bpl with us is  and  who've teamed up to help change the dialogue on mental health in ame…
going live with  and  in a few minutes on  --  and i will be talking m… 
 : today at : , cong  &amp;  joins us  to talk about their joint efforts to educate…
 years ago, before the smoke and ash settled, america revealed her true greatness: her people. for every family s… 
mental illness does not pause for profession, and stigma does not erode with fame. that’s why i’ll be joining… 
in case you didn’t already have reason enough: vote. 
l’shanah tovah to all of the families and friends celebrating the new year today!
 million lose food assistance.  million lose health care. shareholders gain $ trillion in stock buybacks. trump… 
trump forcibly separated thousands of children from their parents. there were reports of abuse, neglect, even death… 
cc:  
the gop hasn’t been able to take away your pre-existing condition protections in congress so they’re turning to the… 
judge kavanaugh’s confirmation would exacerbate “the already rampant discrimination faced by many.” #scotus 
 : beyond thrilled to be a part of this event. join me,    kevin stevens &amp;  head coac… the president can't pick and choose which parts of the constitution he wants to eliminate by executive order. ameri… 
the culture of corruption is alive and well in the trump administration. democrats are fighting #forthepeople and t… 
aland stamps works with foster youth in mid-michigan to help them transition to adulthood with a quality education,… 
happy birthday, rep ! grateful for your leadership on .
horrible news out of #pittsburgh. our hearts go out to the tree of life synagogue community. all americans must sta… 
today, i'm thinking of matthew shepard &amp; how we can honor his life. matthew’s loved ones have done so much to make… 
clean drinking water is a basic human right and i’m proud to announce $ million for oscoda to make sure residents… 
this lead poisoning prevention week, congress should commit to updating the outdated lead and copper rule that fail… 
update: the u.s. capitol police have issued an all clear order for the cannon house office building. our dc team is… 
the cannon house office building, where my washington office is located, has been evacuated after an alarm went off… 
take a hard look in the mirror, mr. president. 
., happy birthday! proud to work with you to strengthen public education in our country.
it’s long past time for us to make sure older, industrial cities like flint, saginaw and bay city have the ability… 
happy birthday, ! your advocacy for americans in #puertorico is an important example of leadership and public service.
americans pay more for their medications than ever before. this leaves families with the impossible choice between… 
happy birthday, rep. ! grateful for your leadership on .
i condemn the attempted attacks against former pres. obama, the clintons, , rep. wasserman schultz and others.… 
thank you  for the legislator of the year award. i’m grateful i have you as a partner in protecting the… 
proud to announce a $ million grant for oscoda to make sure residents have safe drinking water. #pfas contaminatio… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
like many michigan families, team kildee is divided. who are you rooting for today? 
 : president trump and his administration cut the funding for the great lakes out of his budget. kildee and his teammates successf…
no hunter should be worried that the deer they hunt and feed their families contain toxic chemicals. #pfas is putti… 
 : thank you to cmu alum, rep. dan kildee, for providing the keynote for today's th annual great lakes science in action sympo…
the great lakes support millions of jobs, drive our economy &amp; are an important part of our way of life in michigan.… 
 : happy birthday  (d-mi-)! the congresswoman serves on ,  &amp; . before…
 years ago, the clean water act became law &amp; helped us clean up pollution &amp; waterways. but from flint to oscoda,… 
great to be with the bay area chamber of commerce! great conversation about our shared efforts to expand economic o… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of lgbtq mich… 
bishop cistone was an irreplaceable leader in our community and a guiding light in how to live with compassion and… 
medicare open enrollment period has started and continues until december . learn more about the right plan for you: 
pfas contamination cannot be ignored, which is why i worked to secure millions in funding to clean up contamination… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your work strengthening public schools across our country.
happy birthday, ! my father, jack, served in the navy and taught me the importance of public service. gratef… 
great news! proud to announce that the boys and girls club of greater flint will be receiving $, from… 
congratulations  on this milestone! leading in stem education and science will give our students and our en… 
i stopped by  to learn more about their work creating job opportunities for michiganders. i’m grate… 
happy #nationalfarmersday to the farmers and agricultural workers across our state! our family farmers help to feed… 
congrats  and liz! emmy is beautiful. so happy for your growing family. 
good news for michiganders! social security benefits need to keep up with the rising costs that seniors face, inclu… 
the saginaw chippewa tribe is investing in the economic development of saginaw. glad i could check out their new de… 
wishing a happy birthday to ! thankful for your work on .
it was great to stop by causley trucking in saginaw to learn more about the business that has been in their family… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your work to close the skills gap and create jobs in st century manufacturing.
always great to be with the brothers and sisters of the ! glad i could spend some time with local  and local… 
grateful to be a part of the saginaw fire department’s awards ceremony today and honor the brave public servants wh… 
happy birthday, ! we are lucky to have a reporter like you cover our state through the years.
today is the last day to register to vote in michigan! take two minutes and make sure you are registered: 
i’ll be in standish on wednesday talking with constituents about what matters most to them. if you are in the area,… 
tomorrow is the last day to register to vote in michigan. men and women died for your right to vote. honor them by… 
happy birthday, ! proud to serve with you on .
., happy birthday! appreciate your leadership on .
#pfas contamination is a serious issue in michigan and i’m proud to be working with republicans and democrats to cl… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your leadership as  vice ranking member and glad to pa… 
in michigan, we have a strong manufacturing heritage that propels our state’s economy. on #manufacturingday, i’m pr… 
the westboro baptist church and their extreme hate speech are not welcome in mid-michigan. hate speech against othe… 
great to be out on the appledore today to learn more about the saginaw bay ecosystem and how important this waterwa… 
happy birthday, ! grateful i can call you a friend and partner in congress. thank you for coming to m… 
sexual assault is a serious matter, not something to be mocked or joked about. women who come forward to courageous… 
happy birthday, ! grateful you created the congressional caucus on foster youth so that foster youth a… 
great news: the senate just passed my legislation encouraging airports to use products that don't contain toxic… 
every year, i have the honor of nominating young men and women from mid-michigan to united states military academie… 
happy birthday, ! appreciate your work empowering low-income communities through broadband access to… 
the michigan secretary of state’s mobile office is on campus at  today! students can skip the lines and vis… 
when i learned that airports are required to use pfas in firefighting foam, i knew that something needed to change.… 
 : . on new nafta deal: "the most important variable, in any of these agreements, is what the worker protections and…
 :  people were killed in las vegas on oct. , .  mothers, fathers, sons and daughters. these are some of their stories: http…
families deserve transparency about the level of lead in their drinking water. i’m proud to introduce bipartisan le… 
great news for francis anwana and our entire community! i am grateful to the thousands of people who have spoken up… 
we know toxic chemicals found at military bases across the country are harmful. that’s why i’m proud to work with… 
veterans in michigan can tune in at : p.m. et to ask  questions and learn more about the… 
the house just passed my legislation encouraging airports across the country to help address pfas contamination by… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your work taking care of veterans in texas and across the country.
great to see oscoda residents in our nation’s capital today. i’m grateful they took time to come to a congressional… 
these troubling sexual assault allegations need to be immediately investigated by the fbi. 
this afternoon, the senate will hold a hearing on the government’s role to clean-up #pfas chemical contamination. m… 
., happy birthday! proud to serve with you on .
many people have risked their lives and died for your right to vote. this #nationalvoterregistrationday, commit to… 
happy birthday, rep. ! appreciate your work on  protecting safe drinking water and our environment.
stopped by the saginaw va medical center to learn more about how they support veterans. i’m proud to work with them… 
great to visit  in saginaw to learn more about their manufacturing operations and business.  is inv… 
 : . believes in strengthening communities. on latest #savemicity podcast, he shares his ideas for federal investme…
 : why long-vacant buick city site isn't eligible for tax breaks and what  is trying to do about it: https://t…
i’ll be live on  discussing judge #kavanaugh at  p.m. et. tune in! 
francis anwana should be allowed to stay in michigan. america is the only home he knows. i've introduced legislatio… 
 : grateful for strong statewide leadership — in one room. with  and the mayors of the state’s largest communi…
 : no one else is being timid in asking for federal investment - neither should we! ~  #savemicity #grandrapids h…
 : “we need a marshall plan for our urban communities. don’t be shy. let’s be bold and transformative”-congressman  ta…
 :  an amazing advocate for communities in michigan and throughout the u.s. watch his initiative "the future of ame…
 : . support of cities shines through in his “the future of cities and towns” initiative. #grandrapids https://t.…
i’m thankful for the flint boys and girls club and the difference they make in the lives of countless flint familie… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your leadership on !
thank you  for the great discussion about our government. when our co-equal branches of government exercise… 
happy st birthday to the ! thank you to all the men and women who bravely serve our country.
wishing a meaningful fast to everyone celebrating. #yomkippur 
we celebrate hispanic heritage month to honor the contributions of hispanic americans in our communities. michigan… 
francis anwana was brought to america as a child and is a beloved part of our community.  should use its dis… 
proud to join  urging the u.s. senate to delay judge #kavanaugh’s nomination to the supreme court unt… 
 : #flint  makes compelling case that proper levels of public funds—properly invested—could help #cities meet nee…
#goblue! way to represent #michigan, ! making us proud. 
social security is a bedrock program for michigan’s seniors, families &amp; people with disabilities. that’s why i’m pr… 
wishing you a speedy recovery, ! thinking of you and debbie. 
great to be in bay city this morning with veterans and their families enjoying the saginaw bay! 
 i've introduced a bill in congress to grant francis anwana permanent resident status to keep him in michiga… 
 years ago, francis anwana was brought to america as a child. despite being deaf, he found community in #michigan… 
happy birthday, ! glad we can work together on bringing new investment to older, industrial cities.
happy birthday, ! grateful for your leadership of the  and commitment to helping my hometow… 
great to talk to rashida tlaib about issues affecting michiganders. rashida is an important ally in the fight for a… 
on saturday, i’ll be hosting veterans and their families for a free day of recreational activities at the bay city… 
, americans died, and the president of the united states somehow thinks he's the victim. absolutely pathetic.… 
 : u.s. rep. dan kildee (d-flint) introduced what’s known as a private bill to protect francis anwana from deportation wedn…
francis anwana was brought to michigan as a child  years ago. it's wrong to deport him back to nigeria, where he… 
welcome to #michigan, . here's some facts about how your gop health plan would have hurt the great lakes state:… 
, americans died. 
elections have consequences. just ask the people of #flint. we must have people in elected office who put people ah… 
i’ll be joining  live in #flint tonight to talk about the ongoing water crisis and how democrats are fi… 
we will #neverforget. remembering the thousands of americans killed, the first responders and the families of those… 
for anyone struggling with thoughts of suicide, know that there is help available. #worldsuicidepreventionday 
 : veterans invited to free recreation event at bay city state park 
on saturday, i’m hosting my annual veterans recreation day, which brings veterans, their families and local busines… 
it is a shame that conservative groups are actively looking for ways to suppress the vote. instead, we should be ex… 
as a flint kid, our community thanks you, emily. we appreciate you shining a light on the ongoing water crisis.  fl… 
shana tovah to everyone celebrating #roshhashanah in michigan and around the world! 
we all have family members who would be affected if health care companies can once again deny coverage or charge mo… 
proud to represent the residents and local businesses of saginaw. 
holding children indefinitely is cruel and inhumane. these children will live with this trauma their entire lives.… 
happy birthday, ! appreciate your leadership on  working to bring affordable health care to all americans.
happy birthday, ! grateful i get the chance to serve alongside you in congress and call you a mentor… 
past farm bills have had strong, bipartisan support for farmers and nutrition programs. not this year under the… 
every american who works hard and plays by the rules should be able to retire with dignity, supported by the pensio… 
., happy birthday! proud to work with you on fostering economic growth in our rural communities.
glad i could join  to fill care packages for military spouses. military spouses deserve recognition because… 
happy birthday, ! proud to serve with you on .
if judge #kavanaugh is confirmed, the supreme court will move even further to the right and likely turn the clock b… 
on #laborday, we remember the workers who created the american dream. michigan’s workers helped to build the middle… 
great news! genesee county and genesee intermediate schools have each received a $ million federal grant to expand… 
proud to announce the saginaw fire department received a federal grant from  to install smoke alarms in sagina… 
visited  in saginaw to learn more about their work improving water quality. closing the skills gap for work… 
the bay city farmers' market supports local businesses and farmers while welcoming nutrition programs like snap &amp; d… 
spent my morning biking around bay city with ray’s bike shop. this local business helps the great lakes bay region… 
got to visit  guitar shop today in saginaw and check out the guitars they make. matt eich has create… 
met with the  to discuss the end racial profiling act, which helps to address the causes and consequences… 
my office will be hosting mobile office hours in saginaw today from  a.m. —  p.m. et. if you need help with a fed… 
schools in michigan need smaller class sizes, more art &amp; stem classes &amp; stronger mental health services—not guns in… 
happy birthday, ! appreciate your leadership on  making sure veterans receive the health care they deserve.
the state of michigan should have told local officials everything they knew about the flint river before the water… 
. partnered with ,  and  to build a greenhouse that teaches students about… 
with strength and humility, john mccain showed us all what it means to be a true public servant. for generations to… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your work taking care of our nation’s veterans.
happy birthday, ! #michigan is home to beautiful national parks, wildlife refuges and protected lan… 
., happy birthday!
a new report shows there was an % increase in overdose deaths in michigan over the past five years. overdose deat… 
it’s hard to tell if  is leading the department of education or the nra.   this idea is appalling and in… 
an easy way to stay up to date with what i’m working on in congress is to sign up for my e-newsletter. click here t… 
stopped by st. francis home in saginaw to talk about nursing home funding and how we can better support older ameri… 
this #seniorcitizenday, let's recognize the contributions older americans have made to the communities we live in.… 
president trump’s announcement today means more profits for polluters, at the expense of good-paying jobs and the h… 
hearing from constituents and helping michiganders with federal agencies is a vital part of my job. that’s why i’m… 
grateful to the flint township fire department for naming fire station  after my grandfather, jack maxwell, who se… 
thanks, miranda. i brought republicans &amp; democrats together to pass $ million to help flint remove lead pipes an… 
happy birthday, ! appreciate your leadership on !
our children should not have to worry about the water they drink when they are at school. proud to join… 
our kids shouldn’t have to bring bulletproof backpacks to school—instead, congress should act on common sense gun s… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your voice speaking out against the trump administration’s cruel family separation policies.
congrats to  for being named the top boys athletic program in the saginaw valley league! 
with the kildee family as the flint township fire department honored my grandfather, jack maxwell, by naming fire s… 
., happy birthday! appreciate your work to make our cities more sustainable to protect our environment and grow our economy.
journalists like  and the entire  team ask the hard questions and work every day to report th… 
grateful for 's important investigative journalism that benefits our state. #freepress 
. wants to waste tens of millions of dollars on a parade to stroke his own ego. meanwhile #flint st… 
michiganders appreciate 's commitment to facts and local journalism. #freepress 
heartbreaking news that the queen of soul, aretha franklin, has passed away. a proud detroiter, her amazing voice a… 
happy birthday, ! proud to serve with you on  and make sure that congress is working for ev… 
 sorry about that, lilly! there was an error with the video so it was taken down momentarily. it's back… 
earlier this year, i found out that oscoda high school’s water source was threatened by pfas chemical contamination… 
folks at  are breathing life back into old buildings and expanding access to affordable housing in mid-… 
 years ago, social security was signed into law. it gave older americans security, stability and peace of mind in… 
happy birthday, ! proud to work with you on fair trade policies that support middle-class americans in michigan and wisconsin.
proud to announce oscoda area schools will receive a $, federal grant to protect students from pfas chemical c… 
meanwhile, an american city—flint, michigan—still doesn't have clean drinking water.   it's long past time to inves… 
helped out genesee county  renovate an old home in flint. they do great work to expand access to afford… 
on #purpleheartday, i’m thinking about the brave americans who have been wounded or killed while serving our countr… 
ate lunch with residents in oscoda to hear from them about how pfas chemical contamination has affected their commu… 
michigan—today is #electionday! voting in every election is the best way to make your voice heard and participate i… 
always great to be with michigan’s sugar leaders to discuss the need for a bipartisan farm bill and policy that sup… 
 years ago, president johnson signed the voting rights act—a landmark law that gave every american the right to v… 
happy birthday, rep. ! proud to fight with you to protect the rights of workers and hardworking families.
happy birthday, ! to the men and women of the coast guard that sacrifice every day to keep our country safe, i… 
., happy birthday! grateful for your leadership fighting #forthepeople to reduce health care costs and… 
happy birthday, ! grateful for your leadership and the positive example you have set for future generat… 
hard to describe the beauty of the state theater in bay city. glad i could stop by and get a tour from mike. 
glad i could get a tour of a new local bay city business, ! this local company helps businesses in o… 
the  distributes more than , meals per day to families in genesee county—making sure all kids hav… 
happy birthday, ! appreciate your work on  supporting our brave service members and veterans.
spent my morning in flint at the new evolution education center’s program that provides summer opportunities for ed… 
the president is trying to stop an ongoing investigation. that should concern all americans. special counsel muelle… 
congrats  on  years at ! grateful for your work reporting on my constituent, amir hekmati… 
job corps is an important program in genesee county that provides education and skills training to young people loo… 
 years ago, president johnson signed #medicare and #medicaid into law. these programs have helped millions live l… 
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c… a few weeks ago, the south sound summit invited me to speak about civility. congress is broken. it's time for a pro… 
traveling around our community, i see how the  is uniting caring people around its goal to empower k familie… 
in today's installment of kilmer at your company i met with kurt carlson, the ceo of propel insurance ().… 
great checking in today w/ the tacoma-pierce co. assoc. of realtors. we talked about how housing policy affects eve… 
thanks to all of the people — of all faiths — who attended tonight’s vigil at temple beth el in tacoma.  we will ne… 
i am reminded of the words of rev. dr. martin luther king jr. who said: “darkness cannot drive out darkness; only l… 
i am saddened and angered by today’s shooting in #pittsburgh. hatred has no place in our society. neither does viol… 
honored to attend the change of command ceremony today at .  welcome back to kitsap, captain morett… 
yesterday in my latest kilmer at your company visit, i stopped by flip fresh market, a new grocery store in tacoma.… 
#tbt to last week's visit with the folks at tri-tec manufacturing up the road in kent in my friend 's… 
congress needs to keep stepping up so communities can expand mental health accessibility and address the opioid cri… 
i spent the am w/ the tacoma pd () and . we talked about the need for expanded mental health and… 
this is so cool! it is great to see teachers in our area bringing our kids new technologies and learning opportunit… 
 i’m in for arby’s if you are!  french dip and spicy fries?  your choice — aberdeen?  tacoma? silverdale?  bremerton?
in the latest installment of kilmer at your company, i stopped by the martha &amp; mary health center in poulsbo. we ta… 
when it comes to job creation and innovation, small businesses &amp; entrepreneurs are the star running backs of our ec… 
on the next stop of our civility tour, we stopped by  where we met with a submarine crew, a team fr… 
 : uw tacoma students turned out to hear  and  talk about finding common ground at a forum on our cam…
it is possible to disagree without being disagreeable. our next stop was at  where we had a q&amp;a about… 
today is day two of 's and my bipartisan civility tour. the first stop today was a tour of ’s… 
"i'm here today with a pretty simple message and that's 'thank you'...thank you for serving our nation, and thank y… 
tonight as part of the national commemoration of the th anniversary of the vietnam war we gathered as friends and… 
today i spoke before  's orca task force. thousands of jobs in our region, our state's economic health, a… 
thanks to dr. joel baker w/  ,  w/ the pierce conservation district, &amp; jessica knickerbocker… 
a recent  study id'ed tire particles that stromwater carried from our roads to our streams as the prime suspect… 
stormwater runoff is the leading source of pollution in puget sound. the p act, which  and i introduc… 
we're live: as the #orca task force meets in tacoma, i'm touring some green infrastructure projects that capture st… 
no one should be discriminated against because of who they are, or who they love. i am honored to receive a 💯on… 
sophie, tess and i had a great time yesterday at the new pacific seas aquarium at . congrats on this… 
yesterday i sat down with folks from heritage bank in tacoma. we had a great conversation about how community banks… 
small businesses generate /ths of net new jobs in our economy. credit unions provide much of the the financing th… 
thanks for hosting  and me, and thanks for the great conversation! i’m looking forward to continuing th… 
paul allen was a pioneer — driving innovation in so many ways. our state will miss this difference-maker who suppor… 
earlier today  and i visited the . we talked with local business leaders about how finding… 
thanks to mayor chestnut for the tour of the mill creek dam in cosmopolis. this brand new dam replaces one that was… 
great news! thanks to a grant from ,  students from the port angeles, crescent, quillayute, and sequim s… 
i'm pretty sure george is the coolest skateboarding bulldog i get to represent. #cowabunga  
last night i was honored to receive a leadership award from 's african american caucus, a group that fights f… 
stormwater is the # source of pollution in puget sound. it hurts our orca, salmon &amp; our economy. today… 
america's partnership with israel extends to space where together we study climate change, create new tech, &amp; inspi… 
i had a great meeting with the hoh tribe this morning. we talked about how high-speed internet can connect tribal a… 
#climatechange is causing serious challenges, particularly for coastal tribes. i am grateful to see grant funding t… 
i'm also going to keep fighting against actions that contribute to #climatechange,  harm our environment and risk o… 
these funds will help the tribe build a new school on higher ground to make sure their kids are safe when disaster… 
today i met w/ dr. jennifer kreidler-moss from peninsula community health services, an  #crucialcatch grant rec… 
i’m on board with seattle sockeyes (but would’ve liked sasquatch too)   
today, i joined with our community to say something long overdue: thank you.  to the  veterans who joined us toda… 
yesterday, tess took this photo of the largest pumpkin we’ve ever seen.  #giantpumpkin #ifocusedondriving 
it is #mfgday! i'm working hard so folks can learn the skills to land jobs in manufacturing and other high-demand… 
this sunday, i'm hosting a ceremony  in ocean shores to honor veterans who served in vietnam as part of the… 
thanks to nola renz, john bailey and the entire  team for an inspiring event today. tacid promotes the… 
 : deeply disappointed by the admin’s decision to effectively deny u.s. visas for same-sex partners of diplomats &amp;  official…
have you seen the rugged weather gear on the tv show deadliest catch? chances are they were made by  .… 
our next stop is kickee pants in poulsbo. they distribute baby clothes and other products made out of bamboo. (i ad… 
for stop #, we visited the benik corp. they make neoprene products — including some of the sleeves and braces you’… 
i started my day today visiting a  distribution facility in bremerton. i’ll be spending the day doing a ride-a-… 
if you serve our country, it should have your back. after a report found a lack of standards at the va's community… 
"these guys...they’re family,” shurer said sunday. “if somebody needs help i’m not going to think about it.” 
 : a big happy birthday to nasa! sixty years ago today, the national aeronautics and space administration was formed. #nasa #…
thanks to palmer scheutzow and the cstock team for inviting me to make a cameo in the secret garden.  i was major s… 
 : opinion: our joint panel is trying to fix congress’ broken budget process — please take it seriously. ( …
#opioid #addiction is scourging communities nationwide. today congress took a good step forward, but there's more t… 
tonight i kicked off a public screening of  ep iv at the . i love this movie--the adventur… 
today i joined a  roundtable on how advancements in technology will change how people work. i talked about… 
folks say often they've lost faith in congress &amp; its ability to get things done. i share that frustration. so does… 
congratulations to the folks at  the hardest-working shipyard in the nation. you earned this! i'll keep… 
when #veterans visit va outpatient clinics they should receive a level of care that’s worthy of the sacrifice they… 
this past friday marked a unique anniversary for my family.  it was  years ago that my family boarded a ship call… 
this weekend,  washington museums are offering free admission as part of ’s #museumday. museums na… 
let's #fixourparks. because they belong to all of us.  congress should pass the restore our parks and public lands… 
let's #fixourparks and end the $bn maintenance backlog in the national park system. congress can do it by passing… 
we need to #fixourparks. on national public lands day congress should commit to passing the restore our parks and p… 
the national parks are america's crown jewels, but they're getting a little rusty.  last year, . million people s… 
today's national public lands day. a lot of folks say government should run more like a business. when it comes to… 
today, the  &amp; the  are celebrating #nationalpubliclandsday. there's no fee to visit… 
on #powmiarecognitionday, i'm thinking about the , americans since wwii who never returned home and are still… 
 : proud to see my bipartisan legislation, the tribal social security fairness act, signed into law. thank you to my wa coll…
americans shouldn’t have to wait for congress to secure the country’s elections and hold officials accountable. if… 
 : lend a hand on public lands! join a volunteer project or simply enjoy a visit to your national parks as entrance fees…
i’d like to thank the cars in the parking lot of my first stop this morning. #starwars 
i’d like to wish an easy fast to all my friends observing yom kippur.   #yomkippur 
today the  celebrates its st #birthday! thanks to all the men and women working hard for our nation. #afbday 🎂
thanks to   for visiting with me to see what makes our region such a great place to live, and for t… 
when congress cant pass a budget, federal workers get furloughed.  &amp; i are working on the joint sel… 
next stop on our #bipartisan tour is the new  mill in shelton, which we helped officially open. tha… 
on the next stop of our exchange,  &amp; i visited the . % of the container imports that… 
yesterday, i brought , who i'm hosting for a bipartisan exchange, to  for an update on ho… 
thanks to the park service team and chairwoman charles from the lower elwha klallam tribe for hosting us. 
for stop  of our #bipartisan exchange,  &amp; i visited . we talked about the maintenance ba… 
for the next couple of days i’m hosting , the chairman of the house committee on the budget for a b… 
parents shouldn’t have to stay home from work because they can’t afford child care. i’m a cosponsor of the child ca… 
this is devastating. i’m working hard on restoring the salmon population, cleaning puget sound &amp; protecting our env… 
 : today natural resources passed a historic bipartisan agreement to reauthorize #lwcf &amp; new funding for  maintena…
we export % of our state’s wheat. today i spoke with farmers from our state with . dc needs to cre… 
the hearing was a little behind schedule. im up! livestream available here: 
i've always said that congress is a fixer-upper. today i'll lay out my ideas for reforms that could make sure congr… 
congrats to the .  hopefully more championships to come!!!  
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard.…
the  released a report on voting rights today. it shows we have a long way to go before all citizens can e… 
today i met with members of . we talked about how protecting the environment and fighting against… 
climate change is already causing the sea to rise in our coastal communities. will we only stop moving backwards on… 
let’s always remember those who fell that day and all those who carry on. #septemberth 
as we stood at the / memorial and watched the flag placed at half-mast, i thought about the grit of the people o… 
thanks so much to the men and women of the us navy’s comsubdevron five for hosting such a powerful / commemorati… 
 : there's no better time than now to talk about the warning signs for suicide and the steps people can take to spread awareness and…
 : put this number in your phone: ---. you never know when you or someone you know may need the veterans crisis line. #b…
the problem with government isn't our federal workers, it's the gridlock in washington, dc. i'll keep fighting to r… 
you all may be as exhausted by my “fried food tour of western washington” as i am.  today’s stop — the … 
mayo slathered corn — i have an appointment with you!!   
the house just passed a bill i wrote that would make threats of violence against religious community centers hate c… 
happening now: i'm speaking to washingtonian  about her upcoming mission to space. we are streaming it… 
i'm looking forward to a call with  astronaut  at : pm pst today. i'll be streaming it on face… 
good trade policies let us export more of what we make, not more of our jobs. here's another example of how the pre… 
august was a busy month! here's a quick recap of how i spent the district work period. 
tomorrow i’m speaking with washington’s own,  before she heads to space with  expeditions / i… 
like many of you, i have loved ones in my family who have #preexistingconditions, so this is personal. i'm open to… 
yesterday i signed on to a resolution that would let the house defend americans with #preexistingconditions.
soon, a court in texas will decide whether or not americans with #preexistingconditions can be denied health insura… 
after someone made a bomb threat against the stroum jewish community center, i co-wrote a bill that would make thre… 
innovation can happen anywhere as long as the infrastructure to support new-economy jobs is everywhere. that's why… 
on this #laborday my mind's on the federal workers who keep our region's economy moving.  i'll fight to restore… 
happy #laborday! today belongs to the working men and women who have built the nation and whose advocacy led to… 
let’s go huskies!   #purplereign 
according to  , the president announced today he will cancel a planned pay raise for federal workers. here's wh… 
last week in elma,  veterans and a huge crowd of community members joined me at the elma eagles club to commemora… 
 : please read my father's farewell letter to the country he loved so much - “do not despair of our present difficulties but…
 :  years ago, women were finally given the right to vote. on #womensequalityday, let’s celebrate the successes of our pre…
happy #nationaldogday!!  (truman got an extra long walk this morning) 
our nation lost a hero today.  was the definition of patriotism. he embodied grace. he showed us you… 
praying for  and his family tonight.
did you know that #startups create % of all new jobs in the us? this week is #startupweek across america. today i… 
mishka, i can't wait for the smoke to leave either. 
#trade policy isnt an abstract dc debate. uncertainty means fewer orders in cosmopolis. retaliatory markups on stee… 
to the  of you who joined me for tonight’s pinning ceremony in elma, and to all who served but did not hear it th… 
 : governor’s  nma council continues aerospace industry meetings in kitsap county. council met with port commiss…
"hello, this is derek" ☎️   today, in the latest installment of "kilmer at your company," i met with new hires at t… 
gutting the clean power plan is not just bad for the #environment, it's bad for our economy. it will cost us up to… 
drilling off wa’s coasts risks our economy and identity. today i stood at rialto beach with  bob ferguson,… 
on my way to rialto beach.  nice welcome sign!! 😉 
yesterday, i spent the better part of my day with local farmers talking about the #farmbill and how the federal gov… 
thanks  for this important conversation. i'm working hard to #fixthebudget as a member of the joint… 
i used to be  lbs heavier.  i tell people often, i didn't make changes until i stepped on the scale. it's kind of… 
thanks  for today's discussion. i outlined some of my ideas on how congress can #fixthebudget in thi… 
while this is better news for homebuyers than what we've been seeing, costs are still soaring. too many people thro… 
the house recently passed a bill i worked on with  that protects servicemembers from getting locked… 
if you serve our country the government should have your back, not make it easier for predatory lenders to rip you… 
i spoke today  about the need for policymakers to create apprenticeship programs and portable benefit… 
in the pnw, we know it’s not a matter of if but when there will be a major earthquake. tonight  will re… 
checking out competitive dodgeball on  (or is it the ocho?)    in tacoma 
the federal government shouldn’t nickel and dime federal workers. when our shipyard workers are overseas and workin… 
 :  : i think there's been too much partisan bickering and not enough focus on solving problems.   (no…
 i just introduced bipartisan legislation last week called the broadband for all act to extend access to broad… 
 :  : there's substantial ramifications to the economy during a shutdown. so i think it's foolhardy to…
had great visit with liz ranko today. her family has operated rankos pharmacy for nearly a century. i’ll keep worki… 
we should thank any americans who willingly volunteer to put their lives on the line to defend us. the transban is… 
good news on an issue that stinks 💩 
i helped form this plan to #breakthegridlock. americans deserve a congress where they have a say and things get don… 
 : . offers an amendment to uphold the right of native americans to cross the u.s.-canada border without produ…
congress should invest in our outdoor economy by passing this bill and renewing the #lwcf. these funds support thou… 
i’m excited to co-introduce the bipartisan restore our parks and public lands act with the leaders from the… 
the national parks system is america’s crown jewel. but, there’s a $bn and growing maintenance backlog. i just jo… 
i spoke about the bipartisan bill i worked on with  which allows servicemembers  to cancel their tv… 
servicemembers who get new orders shouldn't have to worry about bills piling up or spend their last few days home o… 
while the work continues, veterans, service members, and their loved ones in need of assistance can call ---… 
we lose far too many #veterans to suicide. i cosponsored the national suicide hotline improvement act to help meet… 
a few days ago i introduced the #broadband for all act with my colleague from across the aisle . check… 
fun times at the allyn geoduck festival! tess and i got to emcee the oyster shucking contest (and posed with a vari… 
i couldn't agree more with . folks across the country, including communities in our region, are counti… 
in our neck of the woods, access to the internet isn't something we can take for granted. i introduced the… 
 is right, aberdeen and communities across the country are counting on congress to lead. it’s long pas… 
the future is looking bright 😎  check out these new #stem badges from the    
great to see the temporary bridges over olympic hot springs road are up. congress should pass the national park ser… 
the house had the chance to stand up to #russia and pass the #honestads act through an amendment i offered today. b… 
just a day after saying he doubts our intelligence community's assessment that #russia used dark money to buy onlin… 
i believe the american intelligence community--not vladimir #putin. here are steps congress needs to take right now… 
when it comes to whether russia interfered in our elections, i believe the unanimous opinion of america's intellige… 
port townsend is looking good in !   visitors to our unique, beautiful region support more than , jo… 
cool article about the .    can’t believe i missed seeing the princess bride on the big screen!… 
"the debt and the deficit are a serious problem, but the real crisis is the lack of confidence of people in our pol… 
in addition to former defense secretary leon panetta we are also hearing from former representative dave obey, a lo… 
“this is not a game, it is about the fiscal health of this nation.”   –former defense secretary leon panetta at tod… 
a sad th anniversary.  that said...my kids now know some amazing historical rap songs thanks to . 
the debate to #protectourcare is more than just some ideological debate in washington, dc. it’s about our neighbors… 
also…peter’s the man. thanks for sharing your story. #protectourcare  
the debate to #protectourcare is about whether or not having a pre-existing condition should make you ineligible fo… 
the debate to #protectourcare is about whether or not owen’s family has a right to affordable health care. i know w… 
today, i offered an amendment to #protectourcare from the recent decisions in washington, dc that will increase the… 
 : just in: the house appropriations committee has adopted  amendment ordering  to submit a plan to prompt…
"i don't feel special," mcneely said. "i don't want to be called 'special.' i don't feel as if i'm a hero. i'm aaro… 
my main goal in congress is to create more opportunities for more people in more places. one big way to do that is… 
i had a few minutes today to stop into sucher &amp; sons star wars shop in aberdeen. i wished don sucher a belated happ… 
about % of americans in rural communities don’t have #broadband. that makes it harder to start a business or do h… 
minimum job qualifications for the new #epa administrator:  ✅ actually believes in protecting the environment. 🌎 ✅… 
there’s nothing better than the fourth of july in your hometown. good to see you today, port angeles. 🇺🇸 
thanks to the folks at the kingston yacht club for hosting another awesome pancake breakfast. i had a great time vi… 
a healthy puget sound is important for so many reasons — including the ability to go catch (and eat) some crabs! ye… 
good luck to gig harbor's andrew fowler and everyone competing in the  #usagames! 🇺🇸 
yesterday, i visited w/  women at the nw detention center who haven’t been with their kids in weeks. this is wron… 
yesterday, i visited w/  women at the nw detention center who haven’t been with their kids in weeks. this is wron… 
thanks for meeting with me and for the work you do in our community.  attention granite state veterans:  is hosting an education expo next wednesday, november th at the… 
no one should be attacked because of their religion or how they worship. this hate crime reporting website is an im… 
trick or treat! find out what time your town is going out here: 
congratulations  on being selected to serve as the th president of ! dr. treadwell’s… 
drug trafficking knows no borders &amp; partnerships between states are critical to keeping drugs off our streets.… 
congratulations  on your th #worldseries win in  years! proud to be a part of #redsoxnation.
let's go ! you've made the granite state proud. #worldseries #redsoxnation #redsoxvsdodgers
my statement on today's shooting at the tree of life congregation synagogue in pittsburgh: 
my statement on the arrest of a suspect in this week’s mail bomb attacks.  
i'm glad more  students will be eligible for free tuition, but congress must come together &amp; work to make hig… 
tomorrow october th is #drugtakebackday! from  am-  pm, please take the opportunity to safely dispose of your… 
my thoughts are w/matthew shepard's family &amp; friends as he is laid to rest at . in  decades since matt… 
my statement on president trump announcing his plan this afternoon to overhaul how medicare pays for certain drugs.… 
as a lifelong  skier, i'm looking forward to another season on the slopes! 
suicide is a major problem among young granite staters. i’m grateful to people like john broderick of… 
thrilled my colleagues &amp; i came together to send president much-needed opioid bill he signed into law today, which… 
the attempted mail attacks on prominent government leaders and  are horrific &amp; unacceptable. a free &amp; open pres… 
it's outrageous  removed information on reproductive rights abroad from its annual human rights reports.… 
justice sandra day o'connor is an incredible public servant who has given so much to our country, both on and off t… 
i loved being part of the ribbon cutting for the new friendship house treatment facility in bethlehem. no one strug… 
good luck  as you begin #worldseries at #fenwaypark tonight. new hampshire is rooting for you! #redsoxnation #redsoxvsdodgers.
people w/disabilities have important contributions to make &amp; they deserve access to well-paying, fulfilling work. d… 
learning and growth does not stop at the end of the school day.  grant to help pemi youth services renovate a… 
great to meet w/students &amp; staff at white mountain science institute on friday &amp; hear about how they will use north… 
attention granite state veterans: if you are experiencing financial hardship because of gi bill funds not received,… 
transgender americans should live free from discrimination and bigotry. i condemn these regressive proposals that g… 
thank you to jim fleming and all  volunteers for your leadership, compassion and generosity as you trave… 
at ribbon cutting ceremony this am for the new friendship house treatment facility. i was proud to advocate for fun… 
encouraged ⁦⁩ is moving forward &amp; will work to develop a unified policy on sexual misconduct for staff, s… 
congrats dr. leonard greenhalgh, director of   minority business initiative, for receiving… 
. must call for a full investigation into  columnist jamal khashoggi’s disappearance… 
deeply troubled by ’s flawed handling of the public service loan forgiveness program &amp; administration ignor… 
every human being deserves respect, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity &amp; everyone should be able t… 
“we do not serve one party or one interest, but we serve one nation.”   i’m glad chief justice roberts reiterated t… 
saudi arabia has shown a disregard for human life within its own borders &amp; across region.  administ… 
the growing federal deficit is bad for our economy &amp; national security &amp; puts at risk programs that seniors depend… 
it’s that time of year again—winter has arrived at ! thank you to the crew for providing us with these great… 
concerned  has not consulted with many campus sexual violence survivors about proposed title ix regulations… 
one year after the #metoo movement began, i remain inspired by the brave women &amp; men who have come forward with the… 
wonderful to take part in the congressional law enforcement awards on friday w/. law enforcement off… 
glad to help secure $. million from    to help nh combat the opioid crisis. we have mor… 
thank you  for hosting this beautiful and powerful art exhibit that shows the human side of the opio… 
thank you to the farmers in new hampshire and across the country who work hard every day to provide us with quality… 
deeply humbled to receive the granite stater of the year award from  last night.  is dedicated to stren… 
it's unacceptable that congress is still waiting for  to provide documentation on inappropriate infl… 
national coming out day is a time for us to pledge that we will continue to stand up for the values of inclusivity… 
for generations, granite staters &amp; tourists have enjoyed observing nh’s amazing wildlife. i'm pleased to join… 
on international #dayofthegirl we reaffirm our commitment to fighting for policies and programs that invest in the… 
good mental health is essential to overall well-being. on #worldmentalhealthday, let’s recommit to combating the st… 
 : climate change is real and it is here. it is no longer about how we prepare but how we respond. we can pretend it doesn’…
congratulations  on a fantastic series and win last night! granite staters are cheering for you. #redsox #redsoxnation
new hampshire has come a long way in our fight against the opioid crisis, but our work is not done. i'm committed t… 
granite staters deserve to know the quality of their drinking water. i’m encouraged  &amp; merrimack officials ar… 
every child deserves a safe home. the grant awarded to  &amp; division for children, youth &amp; families will… 
 : thank you  for your leadership in advancing the historic opioid package (hr) to the president’s desk!…
watch  talk by 's sharyn potter on economic costs of campus sexual violence. in addition to harmi… 
as a firefighter, steven bomba put his life on the line every day to keep his fellow granite staters safe. it is so… 
disappointed by senate vote to confirm kavanaugh to supreme court. kavanaugh's response to allegations of sexual mi… 
good luck to the  tonight! nh is pulling for you! #redsoxnation #postseason
at  opioid forum in concord this afternoon, where we discussed the impact of the opioid crisis on ch… 
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
students shouldn’t have to worry about violence at school. i'm pleased to join  … 
. &amp; i applaud senate for passing bipartisan, comprehensive opioid legislation that will expand trea… 
online sales tax imposed by wayfair v. south dakota has strained nh small businesses. i'm cosponsoring a bipartisan… 
 : this is completely appalling behavior from anyone, let alone the president of the united states. the president is trying…
for rural nh veterans, the nearest va facility can be an hours’ drive away &amp; qualified therapists are few &amp; far bet… 
thinking of  at this time &amp; wishing him the best as he focuses on his health. mental illness is nothing… 
this is shameful &amp; a step backwards. lgbt couples can’t marry in most countries &amp; this policy forces lgbt diplomats… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
. status of women report shows many nh women still face staggering pay inequality and economic insecur… 
breast cancer is the most common cancer among american women, but men can also be diagnosed with the disease. this… 
during #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth, learn the signs of an abusive relationship &amp; how to help yourself or someon… 
i tell my story not because it is remarkable or unique. sadly, i tell my story because it is all too common. i beli… 
as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be… 
as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever no… 
pleased the house passed the department of veterans affairs expiring authorities act to sustain programs critical t… 
expanding the use of clean energy is good for our environment, good for job creation and it helps maintain the natu… 
congratulations  principal rob scully for being chosen as the nh principal of the year! so glad my inter… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
i applaud senator hennessey for coming forward and speaking out about the challenges faced by survivors of domestic… 
at fire and emergency medical services awards last night to honor nh firefighters and emergency responders who have… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday! take a few minutes today to make sure you, your friends and family are regi… 
addiction is a public health crisis, &amp; expanding access to treatment &amp; long-term recovery for individuals suffering… 
i’m deeply disturbed by the most recent allegation of sexual misconduct by brett kavanaugh. this underscores the ne… 
i’ve been excited by the innovative safe station program in nashua and manchester. great to see this report! creati… 
humbled to honor our veterans &amp; their families at the pow/mia recognition day ceremony in boscawen this am. i join… 
on #powmiarecognitionday we honor the brave men &amp; women who have gone missing or have been held prisoner while serv… 
 : standing with  &amp; all survivors who are sharing their stories &amp; using #whyididntreport. i'll keeping figh…
thank you ! 
 : i am absolutely thrilled that nathalia was finally reunited in manchester with her family. nathalia was separated from…
 : always a staunch supporter of post-secondary education, we thank #nh congresswoman  for sharing!  #whyapply #col…
as a survivor who didn't share my own assault for  yrs i believe dr. ford &amp; understand the difficulty of coming f… 
we must ensure people &amp; small businesses in nh &amp; across the country have access to reliable, affordable internet. i… 
at  this afternoon hearing from nh families impacted by substance misuse about challenges of addict… 
 : we are very appreciative of the support and look forward to helping more of our disabled neighbors find safe, affordable…
equal opportunity for people with disabilities starts with equal access to safe, affordable housing. excited… 
proud to support  which helped nh division of forests &amp; lands &amp;  preserve nearly ,… 
 : the trump administration created a humanitarian crisis when they separated thousands of children from their families on…
may you have a meaningful fast at this time of reflection, #yom kippur. g'mar chatima tovah 
happy birthday ! founded on the proud service of americans in the usaaf during wwii, i thank all air for… 
i commend dr. ford for coming forward w/her allegation. sexual violence is one of the most underreported crimes in… 
this saturday, september , is #museumday, which means you can get into participating museums across the country f… 
 : update: the national weather service issued a flash flood warning for cheshire, hillsborough and rockingham counties until  p.m…
appreciated opportunity to hear from  about efforts to eliminate barriers to addiction treatment &amp; train more… 
after risking their lives &amp; sacrificing for our country, no veteran should have to worry about being homeless. gran… 
we must make sure every veteran has a safe &amp; stable place to call home. today we celebrated the groundbreaking cere… 
i’m excited that  will be taking the reins at .  i’ve had the pleasure of working with dr. wen on e… 
hoping for everyone’s safety. thank you to all firefighters and first responders. 
for individuals experiencing domestic violence, a phone call can make all the difference. we must protect the … 
#otd in , the violence against women act was signed into law, bringing much needed protections to survivors of… 
during national #recoverymonth, let’s recognize &amp; spread awareness about the effectiveness of substance use &amp; menta… 
the granite state swift water rescue team going to the carolinas to help with emergency response efforts to… 
honored to join veterans and their families at the new hampshire veterans home in observance of the th anniversar… 
 years ago, a peaceful morning was shattered by unthinkable violence. we'll #neverforget the innocent people who… 
glad ⁦⁩ decided maple syrup &amp; honey producers don't need 'added sugars' labels on products. this would have… 
on #worldsuicidepreventionday, take the time to learn about the signs of someone in crisis. we all can #betheto of… 
wishing you and yours a peaceful and reflective rosh hashanah. 
as a conferee on the #farmbill conference committee, i'm ready to work w/republicans &amp; democrats to craft a bill th… 
attention middle and high school students who live or attend school in nh's nd district and are interested in stem… 
the united states should not be in the business of detaining children. this is unacceptable.  
excited hudson fire dept will receive $, &amp; windham dept $, from safer grants. nh firefighters do so muc… 
i’m pleased the house has passed the empowering students through enhanced financial counseling act to improve acces… 
 thank you!
i’m fighting for a #farmbill that puts granite state farmers, rural communities, and families first! #farmbill 
 thank you!
today i spoke to the farm bill conference committee about the importance of nh priorities that will benefit family… 
we can't go back to a time when health coverage could be denied because of preexisting conditions such as cancer, d… 
great ⁦⁩ added substance use disorders track to ba in psychology. the opioid epidemic requires an all… 
on #laborday we honor &amp; express our gratitude to generations of american workers who fought tirelessly for the righ… 
opioid crisis requires  comprehensive response. bipartisan ale act i introduced w/ ⁦⁩… 
encouraged by itc decision last week to end tariffs on canadian groundwood paper. i heard about strain these tariff… 
deeply moved by the beautiful services held for  in washington and arizona these past few days. a fit… 
today we remember the lives lost &amp; forever changed by overdose. i'm committed to doing all i can to bolster prevent… 
#titleix protection changes reportedly being considered by trump admin will take us in the wrong direction &amp; make i… 
congratulations to chief willard on being confirmed as u.s. marshal for nh! he will do a great job.… 
great conversation at . we’re discussing efforts to tackle the opioid epidemic as well as how we can… 
incredible photo! i'm always in awe of the amazing beauty across new hampshire. 
conservation is key to preserving nh identity &amp; supporting our outdoor recreation economy. i'm committed to reautho… 
#otd in , dr. martin luther king, jr. gave his incredible 'i have a dream' speech at the lincoln memorial and c… 
failure of  to properly review cases of veterans seeking help for military sexual trauma risks revic… 
powerful words from . 
the experience in rhode island underscores the importance of expanding access to treatment and recovery services fo… 
great time with my husband brad at  this weekend at the ! 
on #womensequalityday we celebrate the th anniversary of the #thamendment, granting women the right to vote. we… 
senator john mccain was a true american hero who served our country with distinction and honor. i’m deeply saddened… 
“the drug crisis is an issue that at times can transcend the partisan political battle lines that divide washington… 
 : we must get to the bottom of rudy giuliani’s potential conflicts of interest that may have helped purdue pharma, which w…
great to take part in the ribbon cutting of the newly renovated brookside park apartments in berlin. affordable hou… 
. is an incredible public servant who has always put our nation first. his fierce independence &amp; conv… 
it was wonderful to tour the new and expanded friendship house residential treatment center in bethlehem today &amp; se… 
loved visiting the new summit by morrison senior living community in whitefield this afternoon. ensuring north coun… 
great to join league of conservation voters,  &amp;  at  to celebrate  years… 
 : now:  covers  push for re-authorization of federal funding of  - which expi…
fentanyl &amp; synthetics are deadly drivers of the opioid epidemic. i pushed for passage of interdict act &amp; support me… 
nh is a great place for all people to work, live and raise a family. i'm proud to be a part of the first ever all-f… 
proud to support $.m ⁦⁩ grant to replace  diesel trolleys in nashua w/hybrid electric buses. a robust publ… 
the criminal activity by michael cohen and paul manafort underscores the seriousness of the violations being invest… 
the environment &amp; public health in nh is impacted by emissions of coal plants across the country, which is why stro… 
our bipartisan heroin &amp; opioid task force helped pass the interdict act to provide  w/equipment &amp; personnel to… 
i extend my deepest sympathy and condolences  to the family, friends and colleagues of ⁦⁩ corporal jonathan cu… 
expanding use of medication assisted treatment in emergency rooms has the potential to get more people suffering fr… 
gene connolly's strength, courage &amp; honesty as he battled #als was incredible. he never wavered in his commitment t… 
check out the visitor i had on my porch this week in hopkinton! a red-tailed hawk? or peregrine falcon? i'm always… 
aretha franklin’s incredible talent and music will continue to spread joy and inspire progress and change. the quee… 
 : i worked as a print reporter for  years before serving in congress, so i've seen the news business from both sides. here's…
"journalists are compelled by the tenets of their chosen field to hunt for the truth regardless of who tells them t… 
. writes that assault on the free press, "...threatens to subvert a democratic institution that was conside… 
"it is not 'fake news' to take a tough stance on an issue through our editorial page or to hold local officials acc… 
proud to work w/   to secure significant increases in funding to combat… 
ty williams &amp; hussey machine co. inc. for showing me your facility &amp; discussing the impact of 's ta… 
. clean water grant to  will help ensure municipal wastewater systems are functioning efficiently &amp; prote… 
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
meeting w/ officials, , military personnel &amp; military sexual trauma survivors to discuss the… 
great to meet w/medical professionals, local officials &amp; healthcare industry workers to discuss their work to incre… 
#stem education is critical for many careers of the st century and will help build the economy of the future. enc… 
a year ago today, heather heyer was killed for speaking out against hatred, racism and bigotry in #charlottesville.… 
 : washington republicans had a chance to #draintheswamp, instead they helped  build a hotel on it! …
people seeking asylum at our borders are fleeing unimaginable conditions. it's critical  and his ad… 
 : we must do more to improve and strengthen the va system in nh. today, i led our nh delegation in urging va secretary wil…
sexual violence is never the survivor's fault and perpetrators of these horrific crimes must be held accountable fo… 
great to take part in the groundbreaking of tracy community housing in west lebanon yesterday. affordable housing l… 
after serving our country, all #veterans should have a safe place for themselves &amp; their families to sleep. i'm spo… 
good news for granite staters, but republicans &amp; democrats must work together &amp; advance commonsense proposals to fu… 
another hot day in new hampshire! with the current heat advisory, be sure to stay hydrated, avoid spending lots of… 
thank you to the brave and selfless new hampshire firefighters who have traveled to the rockies to help battle wild… 
on #purpleheartday, we honor &amp; pay tribute to brave men &amp; women who have been wounded or made the ultimate sacrific… 
ty  for hosting me yesterday &amp; discussing your important work to empower &amp; support people through challenges… 
the tragic human toll of the  opioid crisis cannot be overstated. this epidemic continues to take lives and tear fa… 
i introduced my jobs &amp;opportunity agenda to help ensure every granite stater can get ahead. democrats &amp;republicans… 
wonderful to speak w/franklin city manager judie milner &amp; city economic development workers &amp; to see firsthand prog… 
it was great to tour &amp; meet w/staff at mid-state health center in bristol this morning. i was proud to help mid-sta… 
today we celebrate the rd anniversary of the signing of the landmark #votingrightsact, which prohibits voting dis… 
 : today we celebrate our th birthday! #cg #alwaysready 
it's good that 's voter suppression panel was disbanded. there is no evidence of widespread voter f… 
 this is terrible! glad everyone is safe. i know the hopkinton community will come together to fix thi… 
happy birthday ! thank you for your incredible service to our country and for continuing to inspire us… 
great to see city leaders &amp; residents in nashua team up w/ &amp;  to make nashua a more sustainab… 
sexual abuse &amp; sexual violence have no place in our society. this issue plagues men &amp; women. perpetrators of sexual… 
the allegations against senator woodburn are deeply disturbing and unacceptable. domestic violence is abhorrent and… 
i cared for my mom as she struggled with alzheimer's and saw firsthand the toll this disease takes on patients and…  birthright citizenship is settled law, protected by the constitution. if the president follows through with this th… 
the right to vote is something we must cherish—but it means nothing if you don’t exercise it! early voting in la an… 
this language, in the wake of devastating and tragic domestic terrorist attacks, is totally unacceptable. our natio… 
we must act decisively to confront the threat of domestic extremism. i applaud my colleague  for see… 
i am proud to be a jew. i won’t be intimidated by the anti-semitic attacks on members of our community. we are resi… 
 : polarization and dysfunction in washington are at all time highs.  interviewed  &amp; a panel discussion…
october is #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth. join me in pledging to work tirelessly to support survivors and to end… 
a victory for voting rights! every citizen should make their voice heard—and no one should be denied the opportunit… 
the american people are still waiting for congressional action to #endgunviolence. without it, violence will contin… 
don’t let the rhetoric confuse you: we are working tirelessly to protect pre-existing conditions. as a member of th… 
i want to commend the law enforcement personnel and first responders who put their lives on the line to prevent an… 
i am horrified and devastated by the shooting at the tree of life congregation synagogue in pittsburgh. this bigotr… 
early voting in la and oc counties begins this weekend! every voice must be heard. for more information, see… 
violent rhetoric has real consequences. it’s totally unacceptable to describe fellow americans as enemies of the pe… 
president trump authorizing more health insurance plans which don’t include essential benefits, and can discriminat… 
proud to be working with  to protect vulnerable ecosystems and to ensure proper public input for de… 
why wait? early weekend voting in la county beings this saturday, oct. . for voters in the th district, the ear… 
 : congratulations  on your % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! thank you f…
early voting in orange county for the nov.  election beings this weekend. eight locations through oc. get more det… 
the affordable care act protected preexisting conditions for the first time. my colleagues and i are working to pro… 
these appalling attacks must be investigated and brought to justice. violence has no place in our politics. 
 : kicking off the  annual conference and expo, ca congressional rep alan lowenthal speaks to climate change and…
 : the government of #vietnam should confirm the whereabouts of patriarch thich quang do immediately, and ensure he has acc…
the gop tax cuts overwhelmingly benefitted the wealthiest, and major corporations. the american people know it. now… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
another good look at the damage that climate change is already doing to ecosystems here in california. coastal econ… 
deeply disappointed that another member of the trump administration has been using taxpayer resources for personal… 
president trump refuses to take stand against saudis for death of jamal khashoggi, cites fear of blowing up us/saud… 
cutting off aid to central american countries will hurt innocent people, worsen conditions and force more people to… 
trump and his anti-lgbtq administration are now trying to define transgender americans out of existence. our transg… 
a new house report shows .m californians, including , in the th district alone, face health care coverage… 
proud to support this effort by my colleague, . we can’t afford to give an inch in the fight against cli… 
make no mistake, the gop has not given up its drive to repeal the affordable care act, to end protections for preex… 
for my entire career in congress, republicans called themselves the party of fiscal responsibility. then they creat… 
last night i was honored to join  to discuss my work to end extreme partisan gerrymandering. we can’t affo… 
i am deeply concerned by secretary zinke’s move to replace the interior department’s inspector general with a parti… 
california’s voter registration deadline is less than one week away! don’t miss the opportunity to make your voice… 
medicare for all is all about guaranteeing good coverage for every american. i’m proud to be a member of the medica… 
the president is backing a lawsuit to strike down the entire affordable care act, without any replacement plan. it… 
i’ve spent my career fighting for lgbt equality. i couldn’t be prouder to have earned a perfect score on ’s con… 
the gop tax bill was unnecessary and irresponsible. now with record deficits, gop leaders are discussing plans to c… 
over and over, our president places the word of foreign despots above all else. it harms our national security and… 
the images of the devastation caused by hurricane michael are heartbreaking. it’s a tragic scene we’ll see again an… 
proud to be working alongside my friend and colleague  to protect &amp; expand healthcare for all american… 
open enrollment through  begins this week! don’t wait to sign up for coverage! 
huge and unnecessary gop tax cuts have created unprecedented deficits. gop leaders, though, prefer to blame medicar… 
yet again, the epa is moving to silence scientists. this time, they’re ending a panel which studies harmful air pol… 
california’s voter registration deadline is just a week away! we need to hear every voice. don’t let yourself be si… 
president trump has announced that he’s considering a new family separation policy. the haunting scenes i saw at th… 
just in #ca, , oc homeowners lost their full property tax deduction under the gop tax law. across orange cou… 
i welcome the bipartisan condemnation of saudi arabia for the appalling disappearance of jamal khashoggi. the presi… 
americans across party lines know that #netneutrality is smart policy. the internet must be free and open for all.… 
in light of  reporting which showed numerous instances of outright fraud by the trump family, this effort i… 
the right to vote is under threat, with draconian id requirements upheld in north dakota and controversial purges o… 
without action to limit carbon emissions and to prepare our infrastructure, we’ll be more and more vulnerable, and… 
the images from the aftermath of hurricane michael are heartbreaking. our hearts go out to the victims as we prepar… 
reminder to high school students and teachers, congressional app challenge submissions are due by :am, monday, o… 
the president personally lobbied the japanese government on behalf of gop megadonors, who wanted permission to open… 
the gop tax plan will do real harm here in orange county. , homeowners will lose home equity deduction under… 
today, the  blocked an effort to protect the affordable care act from trump administration regulations which wo… 
my heart goes out to all in the path of hurricane michael. be safe, follow the instructions of local officials and… 
today is world mental health day. together, we can end the stigma of mental illness. don’t be afraid to seek the he… 
this is appalling conduct by an american ally. i strongly condemn the disappearance of jamal khashoggi, and i urge… 
we need real action to dramatically cut emissions. we need to invest in resiliency and prepare our infrastructure f… 
the united nations has released a deeply troubling report on the threat of climate change, warning of huge wildfire… 
proud to receive a perfect score from  for my work to protect animal rights!
as one legal fight rages, don’t let an equally important effort fly under the radar: the gop effort to end protecti… 
california is leading the nation’s fight to uphold clean air and responsible fuel efficiency standards. the stakes… 
if you feel your voice was ignored through this process, don't  let yourself be silenced. continue to speak up: you… 
justice kavanaugh is not the impartial voice that the supreme court needed, nor the voice that the majority of american's wanted. /
i agree with former justice stevens who said of judge kavanaugh's disqualifying comments before the senate, "they d… 
a damaged and partisan process has installed a supreme court justice who is unworthy of his office. this is a shame for our nation. /
the trump administration is trying make it easier for dirty fossil fuel plants to pump more mercury into the atmosp… 
proud to support this effort. we must continue to fight for reproductive rights everywhere. 
in honor of world teacher’s day, join me in thanking all those who dedicate themselves to bringing up the next gene… 
i applaud senator murkowski on her courage today. judge kavanaugh’s conduct, his damaged credibility, and partisan… 
climate change is real, and its costs are real. if we do nothing, these costs will continue to skyrocket. if our go… 
a major victory! a federal judge has blocked a trump administration effort to make more than , refugees from… 
 : thank you  for urging the trump administration to rescind the #dirtypowerscam. read the letter here: https://t.c…
 furthermore, judge kavanaugh’s testimony accused dr. ford of participating in a clinton-driven plot,… 
 the facts: dr. ford levelled credible charges against judge kavanaugh. judge kavanaugh made numerous… 
 furthermore, the fact that both the report and directions from the white house which directed it are… 
an fbi report which did not interview judge kavanaugh or dr. ford, or key corroborating witnesses for other allegat… 
 : we are speaking up.    members of our caucus are sending a letter to the epa today demanding they rescind the #dirty…
 : thank you , , ,  for intro'ing the "arctic cultural and coastal plain p…
we’ve long known that president trump has mislead the american people over his wealth and his business practices: w… 
i welcome the news that individuals who helped incite the horrific violence in charlottesville in august  may s… 
the president’s attacks on christine blasey ford are shameful. dr. ford’s testimony was extremely credible. her cou… 
last week,  forced through trillions in wasteful and unnecessary tax cuts, which benefit the wealthiest am… 
this is an appalling decision and is profoundly disrespectful to same-sex partnerships everywhere. it is pointless,… 
 : thank you    for standing up for the western arctic and teshekpuk lake, at the hear…
in a major victory for accountability and the rule of law, a federal judge has allowed a lawsuit against president… 
it has been one year since the devastating las vegas shooting claimed  lives and devastated countless others. the… 
a badly constrained fbi investigation has no chance of finding the truth. it must be empowered to follow all necess… 
now, it is our duty to support all those who have suffered like dr. ford has. they deserve justice, and i’m going t… 
the trump administration’s data shows that our nation could experience a disastrous  degrees temperature increase… 
to victims of assault or sexual violence: you may feel that your voice doesn’t matter -- or that you’ll be dismisse… 
we saw dr. ford give clear, compelling evidence, with poise and dignity. i wholeheartedly believe her story. whatev… 
there are other credible allegations that have not even received hearings. without the fbi conducting independent i… 
thank you, senator flake. i welcome the delay while the fbi investigates the claims against judge kavanaugh. the se… 
without this investigation, rushing this nomination on an artificial deadline would make a mockery of our political system. /
these hearings are hardly a complete investigation. key witnesses, including mark judge, have not testified. dr. fo… 
it is no secret that judge kavanaugh and i disagree about many of the most fundamental questions which could come b… 
judge kavanaugh is seeking to be one of  individuals with enormous power over the destiny of our nation. he’s seek… 
it is extremely difficult to share a traumatic personal story, let alone to do so in front of the united states sen… 
dr. ford’s testimony was clear, confident, and credible. her bravery and poise were inspiring. i believe her allega… 
 : those who have experienced sexual assault and trauma deserve our full support, not ugly smears. those who come forward ar…
today the president is scheduled to meet with deputy ag rosenstein. i must restate: mr. president, firing him would… 
my statement on today’s appropriations bill: 
the mounting charges against judge kavanaugh are increasingly concerning. the fbi must fully investigate all allega… 
together with ,   and , we were able to help secure william’s… 
today i was able to sit down with william nguyen, a young american citizen outrageously jailed by the vietnamese go… 
on this day in ,  students from the ayotzinapa rural teachers' college were forcibly disappeared. we have not… 
climate change is causing the release of methane that has been trapped in arctic permafrost for centuries—which cou… 
. are trying to force through still more unnecessary tax cuts for the wealthy, exploding deficits. this is… 
proud to support my colleague, . we must renew this critical program. 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday! your right to vote has never been more important. check your registration,… 
the administration’s plans to strip support from immigrant families are outrageous and unconscionable. my statement: 
those who have experienced sexual assault and trauma deserve our full support, not ugly smears. those who come forw… 
the new allegations against judge kavanaugh are disturbing. there must be full, independent investigations by the f… 
mr. president--do not fire dep. attorney general rosenstein. it will precipitate a constitutional crisis.
secretary zinke tells oil and gas lobbyists that our government should work for them. yet again, this administratio… 
reckless oil and gas development could destroy vulnerable critical arctic ecosystems and put communities at risk. i… 
the administration’s efforts to detain migrant children are diverting resources from vital  programs. the re… 
. has racked up record deficits with reckless tax cuts for the top %. they’ve attacked healthcare and support… 
dr. ford is requesting a fair investigation into the allegations against judge kavanaugh. she deserves better than… 
the president’s continued attacks on the rule of law have no place in our politics. as the special counsel’s probe… 
it’s been a full year since #hurricanemaria struck puerto rico and the virgin islands. our fellow americans deserve… 
 : thank you ,  and  for submitting this letter to  expressing your concer…
my family came to this nation as refugees. we cannot turn our back on the neediest and the most vulnerable. these r… 
to all observing yom kippur, i wish you an easy fast and a meaningful holiday.
proud to support this bipartisan effort to uphold the proper constitutional checks on presidential power. 
by issuing this order, the president is actively interfering in an investigation into his administration and campai… 
veterans sacrifice for our nation. we owe them an enormous debt, and we owe them our faithful support. september is… 
at the same time, we’ve seen devastating typhoons in the pacific, striking china and the philippines. this is a glo… 
the horrifying impact of hurricanes in north carolina underscores the urgent need for action to fight climate chang… 
thank you to everyone who came out to support coastal cleanup day this weekend! 
christine blasey ford showed amazing courage in coming forward to the nation. she deserves to be heard. i urge the… 
the  tax bill gave huge tax deductions to private jet owners. it sent vast wealth to the top % &amp; created recor… 
the international criminal court is not perfect, but john bolton’s denunciation of the court this week badly underm… 
the administration’s inept and inadequate response to hurricane maria has been tragic. when president trump denied… 
.’s push to gut protections for preexisting conditions could hurt millions of americans. just because the effor… 
more and more guilty pleas. more and more convictions. special counsel mueller’s probe is no witch hunt. the americ… 
i am deeply concerned by the allegations facing judge kavanaugh. while i do not wish to prejudge the case, i urge t… 
the saudi campaign in yemen has caused tragic levels of civilian casualties. this is morally unacceptable and polit… 
our elections must be secured against foreign interference. new sanctions are an important step, but we need real i… 
 official studies found that the death toll increased dramatically in the aftermath of the storm due to an inad… 
this is simply shameful. the president lacks any empathetic connection to the tragic reality of the plight of puert… 
by allowing corporations to relax safety standards for methane leaks,  will increase the amount of one of the m… 
my heart goes out to all in the path of hurricane florence. take all precautions and heed warnings by local officials.
 americans died on puerto rico. this is an embarrassing and appalling statement. 
this is a sad step back in the search for a peaceful, negotiated solution to the conflict in the middle east. this… 
 : thank you  co-chairs  and  for defending our clean air and water and fighting the tr…
as a community psychologist, i know exactly how inadequate our mental health system can be. we need a multi-pronged… 
this is national suicide prevention week. if you or someone you know needs help, please call the national suicide p… 
 years ago, our nation experienced the deepest depths of tragedy, and some of the most astounding heights of hero… 
shanah tova to all who are observing rosh hashana!
judge kavanaugh has cast doubt on roe v. wade, and expressed hostility to affirmative action. he can’t be trusted t… 
epa rule changes could rig new regulations in favor of polluters and badly weaken protections on health and safety… 
our state’s environmental leadership makes us great. it’s another example of how we can work around obstruction and… 
the trump administration seeks to replace brutal &amp; outrageous family separation with indefinite and illegal detenti… 
in a great victory for global human rights, india has struck down colonial-era laws which persecuted the lgbt commu… 
we know president trump promised to nominate a justice who would overturn roe v. wade. new documents, just made pub… 
the partisan  farm bill’s benefit cuts, backed by president trump, could strip nutrition assistance from n… 
democrats and republicans must come together to protect our institutions, stand up for the independence of the doj… 
we have to stand and condemn him unequivocally and publicly for his attacks on the most vulnerable, and for his big… 
this op ed. is remarkable. but we don’t need anonymous insiders to warn us of the president’s erratic and authorita… 
this couldn’t be clearer. we know that ending protections for those with preexisting conditions would be unconscion… 
i thank my senate colleagues for their efforts to highlight the historic lack of transparency around the kavanaugh… 
one year ago today, almost a million #dreamers saw their lives turned upside down when the trump administration end… 
we know that special counsel mueller is investigating obstruction of justice. but anyone can see that president tru… 
this is an outrageous statement by president trump. he’s criticizing the justice department for prosecuting members… 
in honor of national wildlife day, i’m calling on the house to pass my bipartisan wild act, which i authored with… 
judge kavanaugh can’t be trusted to uphold reproductive rights, to limit outrageous partisan gerrymandering, to pre… 
 : starting the morning right at the ilwu #laborday breakfast!   workers’ rights, the -hour work week, and the minimum wa…
unions are the bedrock of a just economy. women and men fought for the right to organize. we’ll fight every day to… 
another vital step toward #netneutrality here in california! proud to see our state leading the nation to protect c… 
we’re working to expand coverage, and fighting for medicare for all, but remember: the most basic and commonsense p… 
the administration’s push to end protections for pre-existing conditions is far from over.  gop attorneys general… 
the fight for #netneutrality isn’t over. this week, i joined over  of my house and senate colleagues to file an… 
proud to see california leading our nation in the push for clean energy! whatever this administration does, we’ll k… 
this is extremely concerning, and yet another example of reckless and overzealous immigration enforcement at the bo… 
proud to be standing with  and  as we work to restore a free and open internet for all. 
hurricane maria killed , people in puerto rico. thousands of our fellow americans lost their lives amid a gross… 
climate change threatens to do devastating damage to our communities and our economy. and yet, this administration… 
in another victory for #fairmaps, federal courts have invalidated the north carolina congressional map as an illega… 
 years ago today, dr. martin luther king led the march on washington. join me in reflecting on the legacy of that… 
 : icymi: trump released his #dirtypowerscam last week. according to their own analysis, it will cost , american live…
pleasure to sit down with  to discuss issues facing our infrastructure, our economy, and our enviro… 
in a major victory, a federal judge has blocked trump administration efforts to dramatically weaken public unions.… 
i strongly support senator schumer’s resolution to rename the russell senate office building in honor of senator mc… 
this weekend saw yet another tragic mass shooting. as we pray for the victims, we must take action to end this cons… 
rest in peace, senator mccain. thank you for your service.
don’t let this story get lost amid the rush of legal news: the trump administration is pushing ahead with radical a… 
we need real action to support the middle class: reform to drug prices, major investment in our  infrastructure, in… 
companies have used their tax cuts to buy back shares, so stock prices have increased. that’s great for the wealthi… 
the gop claimed that tax cuts would pay for themselves, but that was painfully untrue. the so-called party of limit… 
good  data on who benefitted most from the gop tax bill. benefits have overwhelmingly gone to the wealthy,… 
he will not escape accountability with these feeble efforts to distract the american people, or by abusing his powe… 
president trump is responding to increasing legal pressure, including the news that his longtime trump organization…  i was proud to join community leaders and officials for the announcement of $ million for crime prevention in our… 
read my statement on the recent acts of political terrorism and violence, including the deadly shooting at a pittsb… 
 : drug #takebackday today!  keep unused or expired prescription drugs out of the wrong hands, find the location nearest you by vis…
 : it’s national teen driver safety week, which means it’s a great time to start (and continue) the conversation about driving s…
not only has lorenzo’s family farm played an integral role in our community’s food system for over  years, but t… 
i was proud to present lorenzo candelaria with a congressional record recognizing all of the valuable contributions… 
at stand downs across nm &amp; the nation, we come together to honor their service &amp; sacrifice by extending veterans a… 
every day, there are veterans battling the challenges of homelessness, unemployment, physical, emotional and mental… 
at a time of deep political &amp; partisan divide, we must remember that we are one nation. we must rise above these de… 
i strongly condemn these acts of political violence on our nation’s leaders and the press. i urge extreme caution a… 
please join us in wishing  a happy birthday! – #teammlg and new mexico's first district 
in order to fully protect chaco, the blm must suspend all lease sales including the active march leases until blm c… 
the  mile zone around chaco canyon should be permanently protected from oil and gas development to safeguard both… 
despite blm’s announcement that the agency would suspend the sale of several leases within  miles of #chacocanyon… 
that’s why  &amp; i introduced the crop insurance fairness act. this bill will protect farmers throughou… 
new mexican farmers deserve certainty and stability. farmers are small businesses owners &amp; the ’s arbitrary… 
 : thank you  for standing with apcg and calling on  to protect #chacocanyon and its cultural,…
justice o’connor is an incredible example to all americans and an inspiration to women and girls. she embodies dign… 
 : cnm announces plans for new law enforcement academy  #abq #albuquerque
the community plumbing challenge will help bring water and sanitation systems to navajo residents. the work is far… 
too many on the navajo nation still lack access to running water and sanitation systems.  #teammlg joined navajo na… 
congress must stand up for the dignity and very lives of transgender people.
if enacted, this rule would erase m trans people from federal civil rights protections, gut enforcement of non-dis… 
the trump administration’s illegal and bigoted proposal is an attack on the civil rights of transgender people that… 
it is imperative that they act quickly to mitigate any serious health risks. /
the lack of leadership from the air force on this matter prompted my letter urging for urgent collaboration between… 
the contamination found in and around cannon air force base must receive the timely and transparent response from t… 
we brought together over  agencies and organizations to offer information on their internship opportunities to st… 
my office hosted an student internship info fair last night &amp; there was a great turnout! our national &amp; defense lab… 
#teammlg attended ’s hispanic heritage awards, where several outstanding hispanic leaders and business owners… 
my office is hosting a senior fraud prevention workshop today from -:am at highland senior center.   this work… 
that’s why i joined over  members of congress in demanding that ed secretary devos take action to address the is… 
it's completely unacceptable that . percent of the tens of thousands of dedicated teachers, first responders, se… 
my office is hosting a student internship info fair tonight at the lobo rainforest. this is an opportunity for hs,… 
#teammlg attended ’s women entrepreneurship week forum, where six incredible women entrepreneurs shared their p… 
i urge congress to pass the bipartisan equality act, which would once and for all uphold the rights and fundamental… 
we must ensure that every american is entitled to dignity, respect, and their unalienable rights - no matter who th… 
i am proud of my record fighting for the equal rights of all americans and honored to have received a perfect score… 
republicans in congress exploded the deficit by $ trillion to give massive, unpaid-for handouts to corporations, b… 
 : many families face an impossible decision—violence/death if they stay in their home country or a dangerous trek in orde…
join my office for a student internship info fair this thursday at the lobo rainforest. this is an opportunity for… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
 : today is national latinx aids awareness day. the theme is ending hiv is everyone’s job, and cdc tells us what they’re doing - a…
my office is hosting a senior fraud prevention workshop on friday, /, from -:am at highland senior center.… 
it’s the last weekend of the , and one of the most beautiful times of year in albuquerque. what was y… 
nm’s hard-working farmers are the bedrock of our agricultural economy &amp; they deserve a bipartisan #farmbill that wi… 
icymi:  is set to receive $, from  to work with the crime gun intelligence center on investig… 
this #nationalcomingoutday, we celebrate everyone who has found their place in the lgbtq community &amp; support those… 
the american workforce includes over  million #latina women. despite their economic contributions, they are more… 
happy #hispanicheritagemonth! here are a few facts worth celebrating: -          #latinos own more than . million… 
fighting for equality and for girls, is fighting for a stronger, more inclusive, and economically robust new mexico and nation.
on international #dayofthegirl, i find myself thinking about my granddaughter and the world in which she’ll grow up… 
leader mccarthy and trump’s politically driven agenda to build a wall along the southern border is undermining the… 
dyk that the average social security monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger ss that reflects the real exp… 
on #worldmentalhealthday, let’s remember that nearly  in  in the us live with a mental illness, and many don’t no… 
chaco canyon is home to countless sacred sites &amp; artifacts that reflect the culture &amp; ancestry of people who have l… 
i am urging  secretary zinke to suspend the land lease sale near chaco canyon. 
he was a champion for ranchers, for the state's rainy day fund, and was willing to work with colleagues, regardless… 
it is with great sadness that i learned of the loss of representative lorenzo larrañaga. we will remember rep. larr… 
failing to address climate change threatens our economic well-being, the health and well-being of nm children and f… 
new mexico is already feeling the effects of #climatechange with unprecedented droughts and wildfires, adding urgen… 
congratulations to albuquerque native william nordhaus, who has been called “the father of climate change economics… 
this is incredible news for economic development in albuquerque and the rest of new mexico! bringing #netflix to al… 
join  in celebrating #stem ed in nm. #afrl will host the #stemys to recognize individuals who contribute to… 
it is shameful that this republican-controlled senate rushed to confirm a flawed, ideological, and unacceptable can… 
it’s the first day of the albuquerque international  &amp; i want to see your photos. last year, the… 
#teammlg attended the #mmiw earring exhibit hosted at  to raise awareness about violence against native… 
congrats to all of the deserving winners of ’s innovation awards!  nm scientists &amp; engineers with patents, t… 
our #askanexpert workshop has started! please join us at the cnm stemulus center for assistance with your… 
join my office for a student internship info fair on /, :-pm at the lobo rainforest. this is an opportunity… 
my family and i couldn’t be happier to announce the arrival of my grandson, mason gray stewart, born last night at… 
 : hundreds of thousands of young, talented dreamers have benefited from the implementation of #daca, but this administrat…
the president’s bullying and attempts to humiliate a sexual assault survivor for political gain must stop. sexual v… 
i join senators – republicans and democrats – in condemning trump’s shameful attack on a sexual assault survivor. m… 
i am proud to have convened this meeting &amp; look forward to organizing future monthly meetings to find solutions tha… 
two weeks ago, i went to the five points #postoffice for an inspection after receiving numerous complaints regardin… 
join my office for an ask an expert workshop tomorrow at the cnm stemulus center at pm. students will have the opp… 
 : 📳 today (/): at : pm edt, we will be testing the wireless emergency alert system nationwide. expect a message box on your p…
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
congrats to  &amp;  on your  grant! the #loborainforest fosters innovation &amp; an economic ecosystem th… 
this clear attack on lgbtq families puts unmarried same-sex partners at risk of deportation and abandons our nation… 
for the trump admin to unnecessarily reverse a policy that promotes equality is cruel &amp; intolerant. the administrat… 
i'm fighting to address the issues with our postal service because when the mail is late and workers don’t have the… 
 : key words: "may not." the point is, there needs to be an investigation. but trump is telling girls they shouldn't come forw…
 : ., ,  and  of their colleagues are urging  to stop his plans…
 : breaking: rm  &amp; + dems are urging sec zinke to stop his rushed plan to weaken management standard at #bearsea…
 : congresswoman michelle lujan grisham () and the  sound the alarm on migrant children. https:/…
 : thank you,,for your steadfast leadership to tackle alzhemier's. as america's most expensive disease, t…
 : yesterday, the  sent a letter to  demanding an update on the status of separated families in the…
join my office for an ask an app expert workshop on thursday, oct. , at the cnm stemulus center at pm. students w… 
are you stopping by any local abq coffee shops this #nationalcoffeeday? #teammlg went to little bear coffee co. for… 
 : happy homecoming lobos! we hope to see you all here at dreamstyle stadium as  takes on . if you can’t ma…
#teammlg stopped by the valle de oro national wildlife refuge for #buildourrefugeday where volunteers helped work o… 
join  in celebrating #stem ed in nm. #afrl will host the #stemys to recognize individuals who contribute to… 
happy #nationalcoffeeday! we are so fortunate to have excellent coffee made right here in albuquerque. 
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
 : tomorrow is urban national wildlife refuge day. there are  urban refuges that host more than . million people a yea…
for many survivors of sexual assault, this week’s senate hearings have been difficult to watch. if you need support… 
🚨🚨my latest statement on the #scotus nomation. 
this national #cleanenergy week, i recommit to diversifying our energy sources &amp; advancing initiatives that preserv… 
we must send a clear message to empower sexual assault survivors to tell their stories. this is a pivotal moment in… 
dr. blasey ford and the other women who have shared similar experiences of sexual assault and misconduct by judge k… 
i am inspired by dr. christine blasey ford’s courage to come forward and provide her powerful testimony at great pe… 
if the nomination of judge kavanaugh proceeds, it will undoubtedly result in a court we can’t trust.
president trump’s refusal to call for a thorough, independent fbi investigation into the multiple credible allegati… 
judge kavanaugh’s nomination to the supreme court must be withdrawn immediately.
join my office for an ask an app expert workshop on thursday, oct. , at the cnm stemulus center at pm. students w… 
 : ancor has supported 's care corps initiative since . the announcement of $m for care corps grants wi…
equal pay is as much a fairness issue as it is a national economic issue that if addressed has the potential to lif… 
if the wage gap were closed, a native american woman in new mexico and beyond would have enough money for:   🏡 mo… 
we need an end to systemic violence, poverty &amp; healthcare disparities, justice for #nativewomen, and much more. the… 
on average, #nativewomen make  cents on the dollar. we need #nativewomensequalpay and we need #equity for native women. /
 : we are seeing an increasing demand for caregivers across the us. ’s #carecorps grants have received $m…
 : the easterseals-supported lhhs appropriations bill passed congress! it funds new #carecorps grants to help address the gr…
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
 : proud to stand with  to support #carecorps! 
 : can has been one of the strongest supporters of ’s #carecorps initiative since it was first introduced…
 : #caregivers are the backbone of this nation, especially in the #alzheimers space. i'm glad to hear that  h…
 : from an op ed  yrs ago to passage of legislation for #carecorps grants. congrats  - supporting #caregiv…
congress and the president have a responsibility to allow the american people to learn the truth about whether judg… 
to hold a vote this week is an insult to sexual assault survivors, sending a disastrous message that they don’t mat… 
the women coming forward with allegations of sexual assault and misconduct must be heard &amp; respected, their allegat… 
these newest allegations against kavanaugh are beyond disturbing and must be investigated immediately.  
 : $ million in funding for #carecorps grants has just been approved! ’s care corps grants will help addres…
 : great news:  has secured $ million for #carecorps grants! these grants would place volunteers in communi…
 : congrats to  on the approval of $ million in funding for the care corps initiative! #carecorps grants wil…
 : $ million in funding for #carecorps grants has just been approved! ’s care corps grants will help add…
 : we are proud to stand with  &amp;  as they secured $ million for #carecorps grants! these grants wi…
once enacted, i know that many families just like mine will receive the support they need to care for their loved ones. /
i am grateful to my colleagues for their continued support. working together ensured that this funding was passed i… 
once this funding is passed into law, #carecorps will help address the increasing demand for caregiving in nm &amp; acr… 
as a caregiver myself, i know how tough it can be to care for a loved one, and how little support is available to t… 
i am excited to announce that $m for #carecorps grants has just been approved by congress! these grants will help… 
this #hhm, let’s talk about the health disparities impacting hispanic communities. dyk that diabetes poses a seriou… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : did you know hispanic/latinos are the least likely group of voters to cast a ballot? your vote is your voice. learn how…
 : time is running out to protect our nation's best parks program. thank you  for fighting to #savelwcf! https:/…
 : este día nacional de inscripción de votantes, #nationalvoterregistrationday, asegúrate que tu voz sea escuchada.   encuent…
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for every american’s right to vote. this… 
by reauthorizing the #lwcf &amp; eliminating the $m maintenance backlog in nm’s parks &amp; national monuments, we'll st… 
i’m standing with  to demand a vote on #savelwcf this week before #lwcf expires on sept. th. / 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
now as additional troubling allegations have come to light, it is even more important for our request to be granted… 
last week, i joined my colleagues in urging a delay of judge brett kavanaugh’s nomination to the supreme court unti… 
congrats to the albuquerque sunport for landing a spot in the top  medium-sized airports in the us! the sunport p… 
 : we're hosting a webinar tomorrow (september th) at  p.m. eastern time! we'll cover tips to filling out the fafsa form and wal…
congratulations to the six new mexico breweries that took home medals from the great american beer festival! let’s… 
#teammlg visited the  to learn more about their innovative programs to fight hunger in new mexico.… 
 : . and other  members demand meeting with  to get answers on puerto rico assistance post-…
 : you’ll remember ’s story on usps office conditions recently:   …
congress must pass the #pregnantwomenincustody act to make sure that what happened to pamela doesn’t happen to any… 
#teammlg is attending the #bidencancersummit at the unm cancer center, where they are joining communities across th… 
this , let’s take a moment to recognize and honor our missing service members and their famili… 
i thank ken fajardo and dan huerta, with the local  american postal workers union, for their leadership on behal… 
addressing postal service issues is extremely important because when mail is late and workers don’t have the suppor… 
today, usps closed the customer service area of this facility due to water leaks which impact employee safety, empl… 
i am requesting usps officials explain why the conditions at this location are not being improved, and why they're… 
this undermines my ability to respond to the concerns i have heard from members of the community and from usps empl… 
it is unacceptable that usps prohibited me from inspecting this facility, talking to impacted employees, &amp; evaluati… 
hundreds of thousands of nm seniors, children, and working families depend on these programs and should not bear th… 
it’s extremely troubling that the trump admin and republicans in congress are now using the federal deficit that th… 
addressing issues with  is extremely important because when mail is late and workers don’t have the support th… 
instead of seeing first hand what is happening at this  facility, i’m being stalled and barred entry. /
without #netneutrality, small businesses in new mexico won’t be able to reach customers without paying ridiculously… 
in case you’re wondering, the supreme court has recognized that investigative fact-finding is essential to a member… 
i’m at the five points  post office in #abq to inspect the facility after receiving numerous complaints about… 
 : a year ago #hurricanemaria struck #puertorico with devastating fury.  we must do more to help our fellow americans reco…
 : “you have ignored and recently tweeted lies about the devastation and loss of life in puerto rico ... that rhetoric is no…
most importantly, these investments have no cost to the american taxpayer. i call for the immediate passage of thes… 
the #lcwf alone has invested hundreds of millions of dollars into hundreds of state projects and sites, including… 
by permanently reauthorizing the lwcf &amp; eliminating the $m maintenance backlog in nm’s parks &amp; national monument… 
i applaud  for passing bipartisan legislation to permanently reauthorize the land and water conservati… 
wishing a meaningful and easy fast to all those observing yom kippur this evening - g’mar chatimah tovah. 
nm has the potential to lead the nation in #stem-related job growth, &amp; these discussions help us move in that direc… 
today’s roundtable discussion was a continuation of our work to spur collaboration among the private, public, and a… 
new mexico’s national and defense laboratories play a critical role in our national security, and each one is a vit… 
 years ago, the grand staircase-escalante national monument was designated to protect this treasured landscape. t… 
this five-year, $ million  grant for  will highlight statewide research collaboration among higher e… 
 : like inviting a turkey to a thanksgiving dinner, president trump invited the  to a reception to celebrate the…
college connect nm is hosting their first in-person #fafsa training session this thursday, september th at the ma… 
this #hispanicheritagemonth, we must celebrate our accomplishments and continue to seek out and challenge divisive… 
these achievements by hispanic americans, and countless others are but a glimpse of what comes when our nation prom… 
from civil rights icons like dolores huerta who fought to improve conditions for laborers to astronaut josé hernand… 
these efforts have marginalized immigrants &amp; undermined the contributions of hispanic families, &amp; are inconsistent… 
but instead of celebrating inclusion, our country has seen a rise in hateful anti-immigrant rhetoric perpetrated by… 
hispanic heritage month not only recognizes these contributions but also reminds us that america has been strengthe… 
from serving at the highest levels of gov &amp; fortune  companies to starting small businesses, building our nation… 
never before has it been more important to highlight the incredible contributions of hispanic men and women and the… 
 : “we are not a nation of fear, cruelty, division, or prejudice." -   the head of the congressional hispa…
i am urging my colleagues to ensure that the #vawa reauthorization includes provisions to improve the response to v… 
 : . , head of , rejected a white house invitation to attend a celebration of hispanic herit…
college connect nm is hosting their first in-person #fafsa training session next thursday, september th at the ma… 
 : aha is pleased to announce that we will be accepting online pre-applications for public housing units // thru //…
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
#teammlg attended the valle del oro national wildlife refuge’s awards ceremony they recently received a … 
 : as a hispanic american and chair of the , i hope you understand why i am unable to do that at your recep…
 : those values are the foundation on which #hhm rests; those values are the basis of each #hhm proclamation issued since…
 : we are a nation of dignity, humanity, tolerance, and hope, and those shared, essential values transcend our political d…
 : that rhetoric is not only unbecoming of the president of the united states; it has no place in american political disco…
 : you have ignored and recently tweeted lies about the devastation and loss of life in puerto rico from hurricane maria,… / a monumental bill that passed into law this year and that supports just about every approach under the sun for… 
/ thanks to ,  and the alcohol and drug abuse council of orange county for joining me today… 
all of us have an obligation to come together and say enough is enough. our country is better than this - and we mu… 
folks across the country are able to get their hands on dangerous drugs online. my bill - the stop online opioid sa… 
#psa: get your flu shot! just got mine and took a tour of  in #poughkeepsie! we need to make sure that comm… 
i'm a proud cosponsor of the no budget, no pay act because members of congress have been allowed to play by their o… 
i visited temple beth jacob in newburgh this morning for a prayer service for those killed in yesterday’s tragic sh… 
planned parenthood provides tons of critical services to thousands of folks in the hv every year. and right now, ex… 
this is terrible - people should be able to worship in peace w/o becoming targets of violence. my heart is with the… 
are you a vet or do know a vet that’s having trouble securing their service medals? give my office in newburgh a ca… 
the #farmbill was a mess - and because of that it stalled in congress. #hudsonvalley farmers count on this bill to… 
one homeless veteran is one too many. congress must take action on my bill that would rehab "zombie" homes and turn… 
no community is immune from the #opioidepidemic. we need a comprehensive approach to attack this problem head-on. i… 
this year’s #farmbill was a mess and - because of that - it stalled in congress. now programs critical to hv farmer… 
#icymi: the hv came together &amp; killed the coast guard’s proposal to turn our beautiful river into a parking lot for… 
it’s #downsyndromeawarenessmonth! this month is dedicated to spreading awareness about #downsyndrome. we’ve got to… 
i’m the son of a u.s. navy vet, so ensuring we keep our promises to   service members is a top priority for me. i w… 
i get tons of comments, calls, and emails from seniors concerned about their benefits being reduced or eliminated.… 
$. trillion. that’s how much  million americans owe in student debt. that’s insane. enough with the skyrocketin… 
this is hateful, it’s wrong, and i won’t stand for it. #transgender americans deserve respect like anyone else - yo… 
do you live with one of the conditions listed below? bad news: republicans are working to dismantle protections for… 
transition out of the military can be hard for some vets. it's our responsibility to ensure they get access to the… 
#climatechange is no joke. the latest reports show that we will start seeing its extreme effects as soon as  year… 
i’m not embarrassed to admit it:  my daughters will tell you that our ducks, dogs, sheep &amp; goat are as much a part… 
the hudson is america’s river. we have to preserve it for our kids  - &amp; that means making sure the water remains sa… 
our veterans fought for our country - they shouldn't have to fight their government for the benefits they worked ha… 
,: that’s the estimated number of homeless vets. these men &amp; women risked their lives to defend our freedoms –… 
/ those statistics are a reminder that we have to remain vigilant and recognize the signs of #ptsd. if you or som… 
/ according to the va, up to % of operation enduring freedom and operation iraqi freedom veterans, up to % of… 
my dogs, sheep, goats, and ducks are part of the family – i can’t understand how anyone could hurt a defenseless an… 
clean water is a basic right for all americans regardless of where they live, how much money they have in their ban… 
. skipped town for  weeks without voting on key legislation - like the #farmbill. this bill funds key cro… 
it’s #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth. and it’s a reminder that too many women &amp; men are forced to suffer in silence… 
#healthcare is one of the most pressing issues facing our country right now — and real people are counting on congr… 
joining  on  this am to discuss health care and foreign policy. tune in!
i’ve received more letters &amp; phone calls about #netneutrality than any other issue over the past congress - people… 
 republican-led states have filed a lawsuit which would get rid of protections for pre-existing conditions. if th… 
opioid and heroin addiction is a serious issue - and it's tearing families apart. if you, or someone you know, is s… 
proud to stand with the brewster/carmel garden club this morning to dedicate a new blue star marker in honor of all… 
it’s #farmersday! proud to be working to protect hv farms &amp; ensure they’ve got the tools to succeed. i’m on… 
/ who were there to lob more attacks on matthew and his family. there’s a lot of hate going on in our country rig… 
/ today is the th anniversary of #matthewshepard’s death – a kid who lost his life after being savagely beaten… 
/ we’ve got almost  dams that could cause loss of life or huge economic damages if they break – this is stuff w… 
/ #breaking: my bill to protect the hv from serious flooding &amp; property damage will be signed into law. with all o… 
/ that’s exactly what this federal investment will help do – proud to bring it home for the #hudsonvalley. 
/ talk to anybody and they’ll tell you the same thing – families are losing their kids because of addiction to op… 
it’s #comingoutday! proud to be ny’s first openly-gay congressman &amp; to be fighting for #lgbtq ppl in dc. there’s a… 
. wasted millions of dollars &amp; failed to get essential supplies to americans in #puertorico who needed help af… 
/ i always fight to protect that funding because i’ve seen its impact at home in the #hudsonvalley, especially in… 
/ you look at the revitalization on main street, new low-income housing options &amp; the renovation of parks &amp; infra… 
/ this is an all-hands-on-deck moment, and we the need anti-science, climate-change denying conservatives in wash… 
/ #climatechange is a serious threat – but don’t take my word for it. the latest report from the united nations’… 
kids as young as  are being dragged into kangaroo courts at our nation’s border &amp; being treated like criminals. ou… 
fall is a beautiful time of year in our nation’s capital! if you’re planning on making the hike down to d.c., give… 
my office is here to help vets get the medals and awards they’ve  earned – we’ve helped literally hundreds of vets… 
getting the runaround from the feds and need some answers? give my office in newburgh a call. we’re here to help yo… 
/ i’m disappointed that the senate has gone forward with the confirmation of a partisan nominee who’s been credibl… 
/ in addition to those issues, we risk swinging the court away from the reasonable and deliberate decisions of jus… 
/ mr. kavanaugh’s conduct during the hearing regarding the accusations are also concerning – supreme court justice… 
/ regardless of where you come down on #brettkavanaugh’s judicial opinions, the claims made against this nominee b… 
#breaking: my bill to update medical kits on planes to include resources for kids passed into law! millions of amer… 
had a great time at the thayer award ceremony last night at . the award this year went to leon panet… 
/ we’ve got to identify possible threats at school &amp; stop shootings before they happen. proud to announce this in… 
/ the sad reality is that school violence is still a huge problem and –  like a lot of parents – i worry about it… 
women’s #reprorights are under attack by extreme washington republicans. i stand w/  &amp; i’m proud to be fightin… 
/ more than  in  americans experience one of these health concerns. if the #gop succeeds in destroying these pr… 
/ congressional republicans couldn't get their terrible obamacare repeal bill passed, so now they're resorting to… 
you worked hard your entire life, saved up, and are now counting on your hard-earned benefits. washington republica… 
this is disgusting. 
explosive new report from the . we’re going to hear a ton of partisan spin on this the next few days. botto… 
october is #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth &amp; it’s a somber reminder that  in  women &amp;  in  men have experienced… 
another day another petty attack on #lgbtq people by the #trumpadministration. there’s no good reason for this move. 
/ now, trump wants to stop ca from protecting basic internet principles that prevent big companies from slowing do… 
/ after the #trumpadministration gutted our internet protections, a few states including ca took action to protect… 
we have seen unprecedented corruption in washington the last couple years. it's more important than ever that bob m… 
the hudson valley is better than this. thanks to mayor destefano for calling out this trash for what it is - coward… 
washington republicans are doubling down on their tax cuts for the super rich. how do they plan to pay for these cu… 
huge win for people who don’t believe in science. huge loss for our kids, climate, and the environment. we have to… 
instead of focusing their attention on things that are good for america, like protecting farmers, the #gop rammed t… 
#drchristineblaseyford showed real courage yesterday. like so much of the country, i’m watching today’s proceedings… 
thank you, #drchristineblaseyford, for your courage today. 
/ if you are a survivor of sexual assault please remember: you are not alone. there is always help available.  nat… 
/ her story speaks to the stories of millions of women &amp; men forced to endure the lasting effects of sexual violen… 
/ what #drchristineblaseyford is doing today is remarkable. and it takes a great deal of courage. i want to thank… 
/ republicans are trying to jam through this nomination without giving all the brave women who came forward a chan… 
/ #kavanaugh has been accused of assaulting several women – regardless of where you stand on his judicial opinions… 
good news for our part of the world! proud to support the small business owners in the hudson valley who are workin… 
#brettkavanaugh is an alleged assaulter and an extremist. he doesn’t belong on the supreme court. 
indictments. investigations. resignations. the culture of corruption in d.c. is terrible. we need to clean this tow… 
right now, your hard-earned benefits are under attack – conservatives in washington are threatening to make cuts to… 
it’s #nationalrailsafetyweek. tons of people in our part of the world rely on  and other railroads to ge… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! i encourage all of my friends and neighbors in the #hudsonvalley to register to… 
the future of our internet is at stake in the fight against the fcc's repeal of #netneutrality. i’m fighting to sav… 
,. that’s how many american vets are homeless right now. that’s nuts – no one who served should have to worry… 
people struggling w/ opioid addiction can get a lot of drugs very quickly online. we need a plan to fight this epid… 
don’t get tangled up in red tape – if you need help with a federal agency, give my office in newburgh a call. we’re… 
it’s up to everyone to stay vigilant and recognize the signs of #ptsd. if you or someone you know is struggling, ca… 
bob #mueller has been working hard and – already – he’s got a record of success. this issue is too serious to becom… 
the #gop needs a way to pay for their massive tax cuts for the richest americans. and the way they’re hinting at do… 
we’ve seen indictments, investigations, resignations over past  yrs in dc – there’s a culture of corruption here t… 
today is #powmiarecognitionday – and it’s a reminder of the sacrifice that so many service members have made – incl… 
/ especially now, when transgender service members are under attack, we have to stand up and speak out for everyon… 
/ today marks the th anniversary of the repeal of “don’t ask, don’t tell.” that antiquated policy prevented… 
repealing #netneutrality makes it harder for small businesses to compete online. slower and extra fees are bad news… 
/ i was on-the-ground days after the hurricane hit and i can tell you first-hand that relief efforts there were no… 
/ it’s been one year since #hurricanemaria hit #puertorico and #usvi, killing thousands &amp; leaving millions of amer… 
it’s not fair to blow up the deficit by slashing taxes on the richest of the rich and then turn around and cut… 
#potus &amp; his anti-environment buddies in washington are trying to open up our waters &amp; expand oil drilling across t… 
shotspotter tech is an important tool that helps law enforcement detect gunshots &amp; catch criminals - and it’s worki… 
proud of the brave men and women of the new york national guard who are lending a hand to folks recovering from… 
we have to stop flooding issues along the #hudsonriver &amp; in ny harbor – but need input from people in the hv to mak… 
for all who observe, let this be a day of reflection. i hope everyone has a meaningful #yomkippur. 
#brettkavanaugh could roll back #roevwade and is an alleged assaulter. he is the wrong choice for the bench – the s… 
 : on saturday u.s. representative sean patrick maloney presented  year-old irma turner estis with the congressional gold med…
had a great time this weekend presenting newburgh’s irma turner estis with a congressional gold medal for her servi… 
presenting newburgh resident irma turner estis with a congressional gold medal for her service as a civil air patro… 
i’m at the new york air show at stewart presenting world war ii civil air patrol cadet irma turner estis with the c… 
if you work a full-time job, shouldn't have to worry about making ends meet. the price of everything we buy is goin… 
although we lost so many americans on /, the lasting legacy of that day is not one of fear but of heroism and se… 
#worldsuicidepreventionday is an opportunity to remind everyone that there's always help available. you're not alon… 
l'shanah tovah to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah! 
this is a huge win. we’ve been all over fema for months to get this funding, and i couldn’t be happier that they’ve… 
first thing gop did when this congress started was try to gut the ethics office.   we've got two members of congres… 
we can't go back to the days when people were denied insurance because they were pregnant, sick, or struggling with… 
this is disgusting. this administration has to stop these cruel attacks on innocent children.  
no wonder they tried to cover up these emails. this is more proof that kavanaugh is the wrong choice for the suprem… 
 : good news for newburgh fire - hv congressional reps schumer, gillibrand &amp; maloney announce nearly $.m for fire department…
this is a huge win. we’ve been all over fema for months to get this funding. people in newburgh can sleep more soun… 
fema dropped the ball and people died. we can never let this happen again. we're the richest country in the world -… 
choice, lgbtq rights, civil rights - they're all at stake. the senate should #blockbrett. 
i’m proud to announce these funds, and i’ll keep working alongside our local farmers to secure the federal investme… 
happy #laborday! thanks to the generations of men and women who fought to give working people a voice. 
i hear about the heroin and opioid epidemic in every community i visit in the hudson valley. we have to fight this… 
 : breaking: watch now: john mccain lies in state at the u.s. capitol. 
 that is absolutely false. that comment was made by a gop politician in pa - we share the same last… 
 that is absolutely false. that comment was made by a gop politician in pa - we share the same last… 
this administration needs to get their act together and get these kids back with their families immediately. this i… 
maloney announces $, in federal investments to fund drug prevention efforts across the hudson valley: 
the  editorial board is right on target. we've seen too many accidents to wait any longer on #ptc implem… 
this is not justice. i’m incredibly disappointed in the way ice handled this situation and i feel for toribio’s fam… 
brett kavanaugh is a threat to women's rights, lgbtq rights, voting rights, and more. the senate should reject his… 
any time a natural disaster takes lives, it's a tragedy, but fema response was inadequate. i'm disgusted too little… 
our firefighters risk life and limb every single day to protect our communities, and we have to make sure they have… 
this official was  watchdog in charge of protecting young ppl from being screwed over by student loan companies -… 
did you know federal civil rights laws don't protect #lgbtq people from discrimination? now a few states are workin… 
our firefighters risk life and limb every single day to protect our communities, and we have to make sure they have… 
randy and i will pray for senator mccain and his family and ask the hudson valley to join us in keeping them all in our thoughts.
he was a tough, thoughtful, principled patriot who spent his entire life serving others. especially in times of div… 
from his heroic actions during the vietnam war - to his tenure as a respected member of the united states congress,… 
john mccain will be remembered as one of the most committed public servants in american history.
the president's own cabinet officials and our national security community agree that russia is a threat to our demo… 
the gop is looking for ways to pay for their tax cuts for the rich and they've hinted that they'll come after socia… 
john mccain is an american hero and i hope you'll join me in keeping him and his family in your thoughts. 
i'm a proud cosponsor of the no budget, no pay act because members of congress have been allowed to play by their o… 
betsy devos is just a fountain of bad ideas. we shouldn’t be arming schools – especially if it means robbing funds… 
 very pro #netneutrality - i was the only member of congress to introduce legislation to prevent rollback in… 
if this is true, it's one of the most important arguments in support of #netneutrality. not just about individuals… 
if the president didn’t want a witch hunt, he shouldn’t have hired a bunch of witches. #manafort
mueller has done more in  months than benghazi investigation did in . years and he needs to be allowed to conti… 
manafort’s conviction is just the latest evidence that mueller is doing his job – and doing it pretty damn well.
#savesnap tweetstormers: i'm with you % - i voted against the farm bill twice this year in part because it was a… 
 sorry about that. try this one:  
this is awful news. please join me in keeping the avila family in your thoughts. they've suffered a terrible loss.  
it doesn't matter if they're going after republicans or democrats, these russian hackers are a threat to america an… 
the gop tax plan: the rich get tax cuts, working people get medicare and social security cuts. i voted against that… 
/ the president is mortgaging our kids’ futures to support his coal executive buddies and american workers and our… 
/ china’s going to pick up the torch on developing new power sources and we’re going to be relying on century-old… 
/ we’re going from the clean power plan to the pro-pollution power plan. it’s bad for our kids, it’s bad for our e… 
the transition out of military service can be difficult for some veterans. it's our responsibility to make sure the… 
if you have a pre-existing condition, you could be in big trouble. mark your calendar for september th - that's w… 
internships in my washington and newburgh offices give folks the opportunity to see the legislative process up clos… 
the discussions that started in seneca falls paid off on august ,  when the th amendment was finally ratifi… 
visiting washington, d.c. this summer? call my office! we can help you get set up with a capitol tour – more info a… 
this is a shared problem for all americans. we're better than this. regardless of how you feel about immigration, w… 
i stand with planned parenthood - full stop. i’m proud to be fighting like hell in congress to protect a woman’s ri… 
people are busy and it's easy to shrug your shoulders and not pay attention to what's happening in washington. but… 
attention students: my washington and newburgh offices are looking to hire new interns for the fall semester. inter… 
today is the anniversary of japan's formal surrender and the end of #wwii. #vjday is a time to remember the essenti… 
bob #mueller is working hard and investigating what the hell happened during our  elections – congress must pro… 
don’t let the government give you the run-around: if you’re looking for help cutting through red tape, give my offi… 
today marks  year since #charlottesville. i was – &amp; will always be – disgusted &amp; saddened by the hateful events th… 
calling all students! my offices in washington and newburgh are in the process of hiring fall semester interns. the… 
our firefighters risk their lives to protect us &amp; we should be doing everything we can to look out for their best i… 
korean war pows like corporal ray mellin aren’t getting the back pay they earned for their service. i’m fighting to… 
do you know a vet who has earned a medal for their service but is having trouble getting their hands on it? give my… 
bureaucratic red tape getting in your way? give my office in newburgh a call and we’ll help you get things sorted o… 
bob mueller is getting to the bottom of what the hell happened during our  elections. congress must protect his… 
the  is a landmark in our community – proud to announce this major investment and can’t wait to see what… 
congrats to dutchess community college, vassar college, and marist college on being recognized in… 
thank you, howard, for your kind words! folks in the hudson valley elected me to get things done and help them cut… 
i’m monitoring this situation closely – we must ensure that older americans are getting the care they need and dese… 
newburgh’s bravest deserve nothing but the best – period. i’ll keep working hand-in-glove with the newburgh fire de… 
. is a landmark in our community – anyone that’s gone w/ their kids &amp; toured the exhibits knows that’s t… 
#breaking: the president is now actively working to kill bob #mueller’s investigation. this is serious. i’m monitor… 
/ the bottom line is that the senate needs every document – not the pre-screened, republican-stamped and sanction… 
/ as a former white house staff secretary, i can tell you first-hand that almost every memo you see during a day… 
/ but also the more than  local farmers in the #hudsonvalley who send their produce to farmers markets every w… 
/ right now, bureaucratic red tape is standing in the way of #snap recipients getting good food at farmers market… 
/ getting more firefighters on the job has been a priority of mine since day one and i will keep fighting until o… 
/ the folks at city hall have had more than enough time to come up with some solutions to prevent these layoffs.…  appalled by ’s threat to end #birthrightcitizenship. #potus can’t just throw out the th amendment… 
we must all speak out against these heinous acts and do everything possible to combat hate in whatever form in take… 
there is no place in our society for hate and anti-semitism. this assault on the jewish community is an attack on u… 
once again, gun violence has caused another tragedy. no place is safe. disgusted by this cowardly &amp; evil attack at… 
the wall will also include, among other things, historic information about the site. this project will ensure that… 
joining , ,  to unveil new designs for memorial at the olde towne of #flushing bur… 
honored to receive the champion of #smallbusiness investing award from the small business investor alliance (sbia).… 
deeply opposed to the trump admin’s proposal to roll back the rights of the transgender community. i stand in solid… 
these attempted attacks are despicable and must be condemned by all. glad there have been no injuries and i thank o… 
saluting the work of the  and the services and resources it provides to our borough during the librar… 
proud to have passed several important measures into law that will assist our #veterans. we must ensure that our ve… 
critical for a probe of secretary ross to move forward. we must have a full accounting of what happened regarding h… 
secretary ross must be held accountable for not telling the truth to congress. last week, i urged attorney general… 
terrible decision by #scotus that for now will shield  from answering questions about adding a citize… 
nice time touring the ironworkers apprentice training facility in #queens. the facility is run by locals  and … 
on the campus of queens college this afternoon for the th annual #korean harvest festival which promotes korean c… 
recently visited with pharmacists at the  in maspeth which serves #maspeth and #elmhurst. toured the ph… 
thrilled to help unveil the newly rebuilt #flushing-main street  station, a project i’ve strongly advocated fo… 
great time meeting with local seniors and discussing issues that concern them during visit to the peter cardella se… 
good meeting with new  president phillip eng. discussed improving service for riders, the renovations and upgr… 
spoke with ’s fredricka whitfield about the origins of adding a citizenship question to the #census.… 
proud to announce that my next  office hours will be on oct. . if you're a local #veteran or benef… 
also pleased to have obtained additional items in the #faa bill that seek to improve the aviation industry. /
pleased to have secured several measures in the #faa reauthorization act that the president recently signed into la… 
honored to attend and speak at eagle scout court of honor ceremony this weekend held by #boyscout troop  in… 
called on ag sessions to investigate  for lying to me during a hearing about a conversation he had wi… 
israel is our most important ally in the middle east and democrats are committed to its safety and security. u.s. s… 
spoke with #npr’s  about the origins of adding a citizenship question to the #census. unconscionabl… 
hate being lied to! very displeased to learn that  lied to me on the origins of adding a citizenship… 
proud to join ’s bill that would defund ’s proposed public charge rule. this proposed rule seeks… 
two more days left for new yorkers to register to vote! the deadline is october th for the elections on november… 
sad about the death of former state senator frank padavan. he was a tireless public servant who was a fixture in qu… 
proud to stand with postal workers from across #queens to protest ’s proposal to privatize the u.s.… 
upset to see #kavanaugh confirmed to #scotus today. nothing in his confirmation process has given me confidence tha… 
sent a letter to the head of the  expressing concern over the possible closure or minimized role of the office… 
joining the  to announce #flushing business day. the initiative, funded by , seeks to promote a… 
today is #internationaldayofnonviolence which is celebrated on the birthday of mahatma #gandhi. i am sponsoring a r… 
deeply disturbed by ’s decision to deny visas to same-sex domestic partners of foreign diplomats an… 
wonderful to join #bayside’s armenian church of the holy martyrs and members of the community for ceremony co-namin… 
great time at the #glendale kiwanis luncheon. proud to join the group in celebrating its th anniversary. pictured… 
terrible tragedy in #indonesia. heartbroken over the loss of life and destruction caused by the earthquake and tsun… 
reminder: tomorrow (sunday, sept. ) at #foresthills high school, my office &amp; senator gillibrand’s office will hos… 
proud to march with my colleagues to the senate to protest the senate judiciary committee’s planned vote on judge k… 
today, dr. ford will testify on sexual assault allegations against kavanaugh in the senate. hope the process will b… 
my measure to create a zip code for #glendale has been passed by the house. residents of glendale have long advocat… 
thank you  for your bravery in sharing your powerful story. you’ve reminded us why we must ensure th… 
as we learn of new sexual assault allegations against judge kavanaugh, i’m proud to stand in support of dr. ford &amp;… 
proud to be honored by the national asian pacific islander prosecutors association (napipa) and the prosecutors com… 
i am presently sponsoring the st century voting act which seeks to modernize #voting in the u.s. &amp; make election… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday. if you haven't registered to vote, please do so. participating in our elect… 
deeply opposed to trump's proposal to deny green cards to immigrants who legally use public benefits. it will harm… 
more sexual misconduct allegations against judge #kavanaugh further illustrate the need for an fbi investigation. t… 
honored to congratulate new eagle scouts during court of honor ceremonies in #bayside. one held by #boyscout troop… 
i’ve sent a letter to u.s. transportation secretary elaine chao urging her to eliminate laguardia airport’s noisy t… 
#puertorico still has a long way to go and i remain committed to doing everything i can to ensure that our fellow a… 
recently, i secured a provision in a key appropriations bill to hold the trump administration accountable. my measu… 
with , , colleagues &amp; advocates marking the -year anniversary of hurricane maria striking… 
 : “we had help that day” — tammie jo   is considering single pilot cockpits for cargo planes. this would be disastrous.…
proud to join  &amp;  in sending a letter to pres. trump denouncing his grossly inaccurate sta… 
this evening marks the beginning of #yomkippur. i wish the jewish community in queens and across the nation an easy and meaningful fast.
deeply disappointed by the trump administration’s proposal to cap the number of refugees resettled in the u.s. at … 
my office &amp; senator gillibrand’s office will be hosting service academy day for high school students interested in… 
fun time at the third annual back to school carnival held in #bayside over the weekend by the northwest bayside civ… 
the claims against judge #kavanaugh are serious and troubling, and these allegations must be fully and thoroughly i… 
in glendale, remembering and honoring / victims from #glendale, #middlevillage, #ridgewood and #woodhaven during… 
september  marks the beginning of national hispanic heritage month! proud to celebrate the amazing contributions… 
honored to attend ’s  gala. it was a beautiful evening to celebrate amazing latino leaders across the us,… 
my next  office hours will take place on wednesday, september th in my northeast #queens office. i… 
september is suicide prevention month. suicide is the th leading cause of death in the u.s. each life lost is one… 
honored to provide closing remarks at  briefing to mark the th anniversary of #septemberth. proud of… 
thrilled to learn that  has chosen  as the next president of planned parenthood! dr. wen is a fierc… 
pleased to discuss ways to improve opportunities for minority- and women-owned businesses in #newyork. thank you… 
tomorrow is new york state’s primary election day! make sure your voice is heard by voting tomorrow. want to find y… 
remembering those who lost their lives on / during ceremonies this evening at juniper valley park in… 
honored to join bayside senior center this morning to join their ceremony remembering #septemberth.  we shall… 
we must #neverforget the horrific attacks of /.  years after that tragic day, we continue to grieve for the vi… 
l’shana tova! this evening marks the beginning of #roshhashanah. i wish the jewish community a happy, healthy and sweet new year.
after president trump’s administration ripped kids away from their parents at the border, hundreds of families stil… 
deeply concerned that we don’t have a full picture of judge #kavanaugh’s record. the american people deserve to kno… 
working men and women are the backbone of our nation.  they helped build our country and continue to make the u.s.… 
in revoking salary increases for federal workers, president trump is once again sticking it to the middle class. fe… 
the nearly $, grant will educate more people, especially students and families, about the contributions that l… 
pleased to have helped the lewis  museum in #flushing secure a federal grant. the facility was the hom… 
john mccain was a war hero, american patriot and a tireless public servant. saddened over his passing. he dedicated… 
i’ve introduced legislation to help #queens communities that are negatively impacted by freight trains. my bill wou… 
good day for the truth! the michael cohen plea and paul manafort verdict further illustrate that no witch hunt exis… 
eid mubarak to the #muslim community in queens and around the world. wishing a joyous, peaceful and blessed #eidaladha to all who celebrate!
great time meeting and talking with local #seniors during visit to the #bayside senior center. #queens 
also great to celebrate #india's independence during queens borough president ’s event at borough hall… 
proud to join the indian consulate in nyc for its celebration and flag hoisting ceremony marking the nd independe… 
i’ve introduced legislation that would lower the #voting age in america to  years old. we should empower our youn… 
pleased to wish happy independence days to #pakistan, #india and #southkorea! pakistan celebrated its independence… 
fun time making lunch for constituents at the  on st avenue in #foresthills. also met with employees an… 
joining members of the korean american and indian american communities to celebrate the independence of #southkorea… 
today’s wet weather couldn’t stop the th annual hong kong dragon boat festival in flushing meadows corona park. a… 
great to hear from constituents when i stopped by a local supermarket today in #maspeth. #queens 
 : a special thank you to congresswoman  for joining us during world breastfeeding week #wbw  &amp; helping to prom…
thanks to the other precincts that held #nationalnightout events until the heavy downpours began: the  a… 
stopping by ’s #nationalnightout in flushing meadows corona park. #nypd #queens 
photos from #nationalnightout being held by #bayside's . #nypd #queens 
despite the rain, the 's #nationalnightout event went on at maple park in #flushing. #nypd #queens 
this evening, i’ll be attending several #nationalnightout events held by #nypd precincts that cover my congressiona… 
as a mom &amp; kids’ safety caucus co-chair, i’ve sent a letter to  urging him to address the threat that… 
despite these setbacks, we must continue our fight for equal access to the ballot box. i will work with my colleagu… 
unfortunately, the #vra has been weakened by the  shelby county v. holder decision, and subsequent discriminato… 
today is the rd anniversary of the  #votingrightsact (#vra) which was created to ensure that every american c… 
great to have my team taking part in this afternoon’s #ecuadorian independence day celebration in queens. pictured… 
glad that construction workers in #puertorico have received a minimum wage increase to $ an hour. the increase wi… 
this is another step forward in our fight to make these essential and necessary items more accessible to women! #menstruationmatters /
pleased to announce today that the house administration committee clarified its policy and will now allow menstrual… 
last month,  &amp; i demanded that congressional offices be allowed to purchase menstrual hygiene produc… 
visited #elmhurst hospital center’s women’s pavilion &amp; took part in the facility’s walk with a doctor event where d… 
great story about detective kevin o’donnell, community affairs officer at the . his tireless service to… 
nice time at the  in #glendale. walked the store where i met with employees and learned more about the bu… 
. reports on my continuing efforts to help #puertorico in the wake of hurricane maria. 
the  will lengthen the platforms at the #foresthills &amp; #kewgardens stations to reduce crowding &amp; delays. i tha… 
today is #worldhepatitisday.  hepatitis b is a major health issue that disproportionately impacts asian americans.… 
the house has passed my legislation that would allow menstrual hygiene products to be purchased with money from hea… 
today, i sent the following letter to  expressing concern abt the removal of . the dispute between d… 
i introduced the third amendment after there were public reports of detained parents not being able to speak with t… 
my third amendment allows detained parents who have been separated from their children to make free phone calls to… 
my second amendment requires  forms that detained individuals must sign – including those used by  &amp;… 
my first amendment requires the  inspector general to issue a report on ’s response to hurricane maria… 
just secured three amendments in the homeland security appropriations bill which my committee – the appropriations… 
sad to learn about the death of guy molinari. as a congressman, assemblyman and borough president, he fought tirele… 
i’m outraged over the latest revelation that the administration lied to congress about the origins of the citizensh… 
great to join  &amp;  for panel discussion on recent nielsen report “asian pacific americans: digit… 
i'll also continue to call for more research funding in this area through my seat on the appropriations cmte, will… 
as #kids safety caucus co-chair, i look forward to contacting multiple federal agencies this week about the dangers… 
. highlights potential dangers of colorants and other chemicals in food and food packaging. critical that w… 
enjoyed meeting with chris darby king from the spina bifida association of northeastern new york and talking about… 
deeply saddened over the death and destruction caused by the deadly wildfires near athens. the people of #greece ar… 
met with latino students from #queens who are interning this summer in washington, d.c. through . always great… 
pleased to recently welcome my congressional art contest winner to washington. mofan chen from st. francis preparat… 
thanks to  for highlighting my work to increase the accessibility and safety of menstrual hygiene products.… 
my team had a great time celebrating the independence and culture of #colombia during annual celebration today in q… 
today is the th anniv. of the st women’s rights convention at #senecafalls, which started a movement to grant w… 
 : . and i have been leading the fight on ensuring female staff on capitol hill get the basic health products…
the trump-putin summit in helsinki did nothing to advance our national security or secure our elections from foreig… 
i also thank , community board  and my local government colleagues for bringing tremendous energy… 
keeping the lefferts boulevard bridge will help preserve the character of #kewgardens and i’m pleased to have joine… 
frank skala worked tirelessly to preserve &amp; improve the quality of life in #bayside. co-naming the corner of th a… 
thanks to  for working with me on this important issue. the committee’s passage of my measure brings… 
the house ways and means committee just passed my measure that would allow menstrual hygiene products to be purchas… 
my facebook live discussion on the president's family separation policy is underway. check it out now at… 
i look forward to an informative discussion. please join me at  p.m. at . #familiesbelongtogether /
one from the american civil liberties union () who will discuss the aclu’s litigation to end family separat… 
the discussion, which i’m hosting after my recent trip to the u.s.-mexico border, will provide an overview of what… 
what questions about the president’s family separation policy would you like answered during my facebook live discu… 
i’ll be hosting the discussion in the wake of my recent trip to the u.s.-mexico border. looking forward to the conv… 
please join me at  p.m. tomorrow (thursday, july ) for a facebook live discussion about the president’s family s… 
pres. trump just nominated brett kavanaugh to the supreme court to replace justice anthony kennedy. we need someone… 
discussed my opposition to the president’s muslim ban and condemned attacks on the #southasian american community w… 
nice time speaking at the welcome reception for the south asian bar association of north america’s annual conventio… 
good meeting with ambassador hyo-sung park, the new south korean consul general in new york. discussed issues of co… 
. &amp; i sent a letter to  urging him to allow house offices to be reimbursed for feminine… 
it is critical for all stakeholders to have a place at the table when considering major policy changes, &amp; that incl… 
happy birthday america! hoping everybody has a wonderful #fourthofjuly as we celebrate our country’s independence.… 
firing up the grill or bringing food to a barbecue on the #fourthofjuly? enjoy your burgers, hot dogs, chicken &amp; ot… 
outside federal courthouse in nyc where a judge ordered the trump administration to release internal docs on its de… 
high heat and humidity continue to impact #queens and the rest of new york city. please take appropriate precaution… 
attending th anniversary celebration for the #flushing branch of the . the facility is a wonderful… 
sent a letter to  &amp;  demanding an explanation of their inability to reunite separated families.… 
finished touring children’s village in dobbs ferry. saw where children separated at the border are being housed. fa… 
presently touring children's village in dobbs ferry, ny, one of the facilities housing children separated from thei… 
in the wake of my visit to the u.s.-mexico border last week, i’ve introduced two pieces of legislation that would i… 
june is lgbt pride month, a time to celebrate the accomplishments of the #lgbt community and the victories of lgbt… 
that’s why i introduced the mark takai atomic veterans healthcare parity act that will ensure veterans who cleaned… 
spoke w/ rep. bordallo, vice-speaker therese terlaje of the guam legislature &amp; radiation compensation advocate &amp; ve… 
i wholeheartedly agree with ’s position that we need to ditch trump’s shortlist of scotus candidates.… 
i’m appalled by #scotus’ - ruling that will undermine the collective bargaining power of public sector unions. th… 
with congressional colleagues discussing our trip to the u.s.-mexico border. still trying to process all that i saw… 
#scotus’ decision on the president’s travel ban is a kick in the gut to all who oppose religious discrimination. it… 
 : new york officials assess border detention situation  
spoke to the  about my visit to the border.  #keepfamiliestogether
 : #queens  described conditions that some have called inhumane. 
most of these mothers say they dealt w/ horrendous conditions to get to the us, fleeing violence from gangs &amp; carte… 
just left the port isabel ice detention center. met with about  mothers who were separated from their children. a… 
just toured the mcallen border patrol's centralized processing center. heartbreaking to see the impact that… 
this is what was provided to families separated at the border. unconscionable that children were taken from their p… 
i’ve arrived at the u.s.-mexico border in texas. about to tour the mcallen border patrol station and centralized pr… 
i’ll be visiting the u.s.-mexico border near mcallen &amp; brownsville, texas on saturday. will be standing up for chil… 
thanks  for introducing the reunite children with their parents act. proud to support this critical bill.… 
families separated by this administration must be reunited as soon as possible &amp; i call on  to put… 
. failed to include in his executive order any explanation on how &amp; when to reunite the estimated … 
i hope that this important pilot program will be implemented in all nyc schools. i also want to thank … 
thanks  for creating a pilot program in the new city budget that will provide halal &amp; kosher lunches… 
pleased to see the senate rejected pres. trump’s plan to rescind almost $ billion in previously approved spending… 
i thank all who signed the letter we sent to ice: , , , ,… 
breaking: a judge has ordered the immediate release of xiuqing you. his fight is not finished but very happy for hi… 
met with the wife &amp; children of xiuqing you, the flushing, queens man who was detained during his green card interv… 
thank you  and  for asking the federal government to not use your services to transport separate… 
president trump lied about his ability to stop his shameful policy of ripping children from their parents.  i want… 
proud to be an original cosponsor of the #keepfamiliestogetheract. we need to stop this administration’s practice o… 
today is juneteenth, an annual celebration that marks the end of slavery in america. since then, our path to buildi… 
xiuqing you, the queens father with no criminal history who was detained at his green card interview, is the latest… 
wishing a wonderful #fathersday to all the dads out there. hope you have a great day with your loved ones! 
wonderful time at eagle scout court of honor ceremony held by #boyscout troop  of #flushing. congrats to the new e… 
i agree with many constituents who have called my office to express outrage over the administration’s cruel practic… 
today is the th anniversary of #daca that has allowed many young undocumented immigrants to come out of the shadow…  #hugsnotwalls is a moving reminder of the power of unity. big thanks to border network for human rights &amp; u.s. bord… 
join us! learn all about the u.s. service academies and how the congressional nomination process works. we will hav… 
great conversation this morning - - thank you for coming out el paso. 
town hall 
one hour away from our town hall at the william h. burges high school gymnasium in el paso. looking forward to hear… 
our october town hall is right around the corner - hope you can come out and share your ideas/questions with me. rs… 
my bipartisan bill, h.r. , that was included in this week's faa reauthorization will make small airports like el… 
important meeting with mindy nguyen regarding michael nguyen’s detainment in vietnam. i, along with my colleagues,… 
next thursday, we’re holding our st town hall. looking forward to another great conversation. click here for com… 
glad to see the army choose fort bliss and el paso as the right home for the army’s th armored brigade. having ad… 
proud to award a posthumous silver star award to corporal roberto soto, accepted today by his sister anna zubia, an… 
veterans’ town hall 
town hall 
looking forward to taking your questions at our town halls this morning -- monday september , austin high school… 
can you make it to our town hall meetings on monday, september  at the austin high school gymnasium? let us know:… 
our monthly town halls in el paso are one of the most important parts of my job. hope you can join us for a great c… 
vote explanation for h.r. , the community safety and security act of : 
at veterans affairs economic opportunity hearing to review va’s specially adapted housing (sah) program to ensure d… 
thanks to these texans from aipac for coming by today. productive conversation on the current security situation in… 
great discussion with members of the oncology nursing society on expanding health care coverage and improving train… 
thanks to the houston firefighters retirement fund board for stopping in. they’re dedicated advocates for firefight… 
great to meet with the texas exes, alumni from the university of texas, who came by to discuss how we can work toge… 
grateful for everyone who came out today to share their thoughtful ideas on how to improve everything from health c… 
town hall 
only one more day until our august town hall. hope you'll stop in and ask any questions you have. details here:… 
have you rsvp'd yet? let us know if you can join me at : a.m. on friday for our el paso town hall. rsvp here: 
a great reminder of the value fort bliss holds for both the army and for el paso. glad to have mg matlock leading o… 
my el paso interns are hard at work spreading the word about our monthly town hall meeting on august st at :… 
#icymi proud to break ground on a new mental health center for el paso’s veterans. read more here: 
from taxes to immigration, congress has a full agenda in the coming weeks. i want to hear from you before these imp… 
great news for el paso’s veterans - expanded options for mental health care and shorter wait times at clinics so ou… 
today, the president signed into law the john s. mccain national defense authorization act (ndaa) for fiscal year … 
big congrats to dr. rodriguez and dr. martinez from  for receiving another grant from the national endowment f… 
congratulations to david schonberger, a rising senior at coronado high school in el paso, on his acceptance into th… 
thanks to our el paso district office interns for their hard work organizing our th town hall today! can’t wait t… 
town hall 
our town hall is today at  pm! these monthly town halls in el paso are one of the most important parts of my job.… 
hope to see many of you at the town hall tomorrow!   
proud to be an original cosponsor of h.r. , a bipartisan bill to ensure veterans have the info + opportunities… 
grateful to meet with members of the el paso alliance inc. had a really thoughtful discussion about doing right by… 
my thanks to the texas homeless network and homeless assistance program for coming by my office for a great discuss… 
my speech on the house floor supporting h.r. , bipartisan legislation that will strengthen the transition assis… 
awesome time catching up with this group of honors students from texas christian university. thanks for the great q… 
at a veterans affairs hearing earlier today on the va’s implementation of the veterans appeals modernization act. i… 
i look forward to working with the new secretary of veterans affairs, robert wilkie, to reduce veteran suicide, enh… 
our town hall is almost here! july  at  pm at the south el paso senior center. can’t wait to hear what’s on your… 
i voted no on h.r. , a minibus spending bill. it cuts funding for important environmental protection measures a… 
productive conversation with dr. paul klotman, president of baylor college of medicine, on the importance of encour… 
as the ranking member on the veterans affairs subcommittee on economic opportunity, i want to make sure the forever… 
i’m proud to be an original cosponsor of the #antiquitiesactof with . this bill would add prote… 
 : news:  #civilityprize to honor "bipartisan road trip" of congressmen  and . more info --…
honored to receive the allegheny college prize for civility in public life along with my colleague rep. hurd. it’s… 
will you be able to make it to our town hall on july  at  pm? come out and share your thoughts and concerns with… 
today i had a great discussion with retired army staff sergeant shilo harris about environmental and wildlife provi… 
grateful to work with rep. arrington and the vet affairs committee to improve the transition assistance program. ve… 
great to meet with representatives from the korean american grassroots conference talking through the importance of… 
i also pushed for a provision i authored to require dod reports to be accessible + searchable at one website. right… 
i'm also working to secure improvements to the transition assistance program (tap) to ease service members' transit… 
this change would help keep guns away from individuals like the sutherland springs shooter who should have never be… 
at the #ndaa conference committee's first meeting today i laid out my priorities for the final bill. i'm working on… 
reminder: applications now open  each year i have the pleasure of nominating outstanding young el pasoans to our na… 
mark your calendars! our next town hall will be on july ,  at  pm at the south el paso senior center. please… 
each year i have the pleasure of nominating outstanding young el pasoans to our nation's u.s. service academies.  t… 
apply to be part of our fall intern class! we are accepting applications for the el paso and washington, d.c. offic… 
the conference committee is a group of senators and reps that work to combine the senate and house versions of the… 
looking forward to serving on the fy national defense authorization act (#ndaa) conference committee to work for… 
had the chance today to get to know el paso’s  congressional art competition winner, ivan arenivas. he is a tal… 
great to meet and discuss everything from education policy to veterans with graduate students at the archer program… 
future generations will judge us based on the way we treat those most in need. we must rise to the occasion. my spe… 
very, very grateful to welcome these  members to our office this afternoon to talk about the health impacts of… 
really important veterans affairs  hearing on the health impacts of burn pit exposure. need to meet this moment wit… 
big thanks to these super impressive students who are part of the  school of pharmacy’s first class! inspired… 
great to see mary lou long and her son jordan here in dc today! mary is a nurse at mesita elementary school where m… 
grateful to meet with members of the nature conservancy texas board of trustees this afternoon. really good discuss… 
veteran town hall 
thanks to those who came out to our general town hall this morning or tuned in online. just fueled up with some lun… 
town hall 
good morning, el paso! see you at riverside high school this morning at am for our general town hall and pm for o… 
starting the week off right tomorrow with  el paso town hall meetings -- general town hall at am, veteran town ha… 
si cruza uno de los puentes en el paso y ve que hay oficiales de cbp pidiendo documentos antes del punto de inspecc… 
if you cross one of the bridges in el paso and cbp agents ask you for documents before you reach the normal checkpo… 
hope to see many of my fellow el pasoans at one or both of our town hall meetings on monday. check out our facebook… 
lots to talk about at our two town hall meetings in el paso on monday -- hope you can join us, bring a friend or fa… 
we'll be starting next week off right with two town halls on monday (june ) -- a general town hall at am and a ve… 
joining with my fellow el pasoans, texans, and all americans in honoring the brave men and women who have served in… 
our monthly town halls in el paso are one of the most important parts of my job. no better way to learn about what'… 
thanks to these texans from the american college of physicians for coming by our office, and for your thoughtful id… 
awesome time catching up with this group of seniors from the da vinci school for science and arts ahead of their gr… 
i have signed a discharge petition to force a vote on the #dreamact. every day that we don’t pass this bill is anot… 
lots to talk about at our upcoming town hall meetings on monday, june . general town hall at am, veteran town hal… 
joining with all texans in keeping the students, teachers, families, and law enforcement officers of santa fe in my thoughts right now.
va has spent $m transitioning from a paper system to a digital system for its vocational rehabilitation and emplo… 
productive conversation on trade, worker safety, and workforce development/higher education training with the assoc… 
after today's vote in the senate, it's now time for the house to stand up for a free and fair internet. let's final… 
packed house this afternoon for our meeting with this incredibly impressive group of students from  — our… 
great spending time with some fellow el pasoans and texans from the  this afternoon. really productive c… 
we're holding two town halls in el paso on monday, june : a general town hall at am, and a veteran town hall at … 
last night around midnight, we wrapped up our work on the #ndaa. a marathon day of amendments, votes, and debate on… 
if we truly have faith in those we serve — if we want our government to reflect the diversity + strength of our com… 
congress needs term limits. 
congratulations to the winner of the  congressional art competition for tx-, ivan arenivas! ivan is a junior… 
my thanks to the  for coming by my office for a great discussion — from infrastructure projects, to hig… 
some good progress at va committee markup today: passed a bill to extend benefits to blue water navy and certain ot… 
my view during today's town hall. grateful to everyone who came out to join the conversation. so proud to represent… 
town hall 
our el paso town hall gets under way in  minutes! if you're in the neighborhood, come join us ( n. oregon st).… 
looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow morning at our town hall — am at the el paso community foundation roo… 
looking forward to seeing you at our town hall on friday -- am at the el paso community foundation room. eager to… 
on friday, we're holding our th town hall. hope you can join us for another great conversation. click here for co… 
congratulations to the el paso museum of art () on winning ’s  national medal for museum and… 
friday. am. el paso community foundation room. hope to see you for our next town hall. will share a brief update… 
working with my republican colleague , we passed a bill through the house that would let  compet… 
no better way to round out your week than with a conversation with our fellow el pasoans about the issues that matt… 
best of luck to the  science bowl team at this weekend's  competition!
more direct flights to/from el paso would help drive econ + job growth in our community and boost the competitivene… 
the faa reauthorization that just passed the house includes a bipartisan bill i introduced with my republican colle… 
the submission deadline for the  congressional art competition is one week from today. full info below: 
i come away from our town halls with so much energy, so many new ideas, and so much gratitude for the chance to ser… 
really productive conversation with members of the  about el paso’s economy – covered everything from support… 
just introduced a bipartisan bill to increase staffing + improve infrastructure at our ports of entry -- that will… 
our ports of entry facilitate trade and travel that is connected to jobs in texas and states all across this countr… 
at a time when  veterans a day are taking their own lives and , provider positions at the va remain unfilled… 
can you make it to our town hall meeting on friday, may th at the el paso community foundation room? hope to see y… 
thanks to the texas association of business () for having us and for the great questions and conversation abo… 
grateful to meet with members of  — really thoughtful discussion about doing right by our seniors. thanks so… 
reminder to el paso high school students: the submission deadline for the  congressional art competition is com… 
another judge has ruled against the administration’s efforts to end #daca. we still need to pass a permanent soluti… 
mark your calendars: our may town hall is all set for friday, may th at am at the el paso community foundation r… 
great seeing lubbock mayor dan pope again and meeting city councilman steve massengale. talked about establishing a… 
grateful to meet with the president and members of the texas council of chapters of the military officers associati… 
we have an opportunity to help ease the pain many of our veterans are living with while also addressing the over-pr… 
barbara bush led a life of grace, compassion, and kindness that touched countless texans and americans. my thoughts… 
look who we found on the capitol steps! great having a chance to meet with this amazing group of fellows from the… 
there are too many authorized but unfilled clinical positions at the va. every day we allow these roles to go unfil… 
sending the military to the u.s.-mexico border is a grave mistake and a gross waste of taxpayer resources. my excha… 
today, sec. mattis told our committee the administration hasn’t decided to launch missile strikes in syria. yesterd… 
grateful to speak with members of the  from across texas about the importance of community banks, and how we… 
such an impressive group of students from  and . thanks for the great conversation and ideas about ho… 
twenty veterans a day are taking their own lives. the bipartisan provisions we got signed into law will help ensure… 
really important discussion this morning with members of the  about how our state can lead when it… 
women earning the median income in the u.s. will earn $, less over their careers than men. let's be a country… 
“if you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have… 
at our town hall meeting yesterday, i was proud to meet and recognize some of the outstanding organizations that se… 
. and  volunteers in el paso and across the country are doing absolutely amazing work in our… 
heads up for el pasoans: the el paso passport agency has scheduled passport day for saturday, april  from am - … 
alzheimer's is the th leading cause of death in texas, and , texans over  will have alzheimer's in . i… 
town hall 
hope to see many of you tomorrow for our town hall! pm at chapin high school. 
hope to see you at our town hall on monday! 
at a time when  veterans a day are taking their own lives, va secretary shulkin has been deeply committed to ensu… 
our april town hall is right around the corner -- next monday, april nd at pm. hope you can come out and share yo… 
i am grateful for the sacrifice of all those who serve and put their lives on the line for this country including t… 
with the president’s signature, our bill to help veterans with “other-than-honorable” discharges get mental health… 
hope to see you on april nd for our next town hall -- looking forward to hearing what's on your mind and taking yo… 
while i am disappointed in money appropriated for new fencing ( miles) and replacement, this compromise is the be… 
at a time when twenty veterans a day are taking their lives, it also includes a provision i led to expand access to… 
just voted yes on the omnibus. far from perfect, but includes a lot of good things for texas and the country: the b… 
so many exciting things happening at  — grateful to get an update today from  and other sch… 
 : great convo w/ ! loved talking about ideas that would best serve our students! #principalsadvocate #tepsa htt…
just spent part of a snowy wednesday morning meeting with members of the el paso chamber of commerce. great discuss… 
mark your calendars! next el paso town hall is coming up on april nd at the chapin high school auditorium. hope yo… 
thanks to members of the  from coming by my office – really productive discussion about the farm bi… 
andres and vashti – two  students – know that texas should lead when it comes to protecting dreamers. grateful… 
great seeing  dr. lawrence schovanec and  last night! 
heartbroken by the loss of our friend and colleague louise slaughter. a true trailblazer and a kind, joyful soul. m… 
really important armed services hearing earlier today with general curtis scaparrotti, european command commander —… 
every day, social workers in texas and across the country are quietly doing absolutely amazing work. signed on to a… 
met yesterday with major general calloway, army director of military personnel management, to discuss his work in r… 
reflecting on a great conversation with texas state university presidents — touched on everything from workforce de… 
if you need a reason to be optimistic about our future, look no further than this group of texas a&amp;m corps of cadet… 
can’t ask for a better way to start my wednesday – joining with  to meet with members of the air force… 
apply to be part of our summer intern class! we are accepting applications for the el paso and washington, d.c. off… 
our service members put their lives on the line everyday to keep us safe. they shouldn’t have to suffer the added b… 
listening to community leaders from laredo about what’s on their minds and issues important to their community – fr… 
meet ryan james solis, a senior at eastwood high school in el paso who received a national community service youth… 
grateful to meet with texas , , , and  this morning to talk about how we can deliver… 
town hall 
town hall 
heading over to el paso high school now for our general town hall at am. veteran town hall will get started at pm… 
hope to see you at tomorrow's town halls! 
congress has a responsibility to make an affirmative decision about whether or not we should be at war in syria. re… 
earlier this week, i spoke with centcom commander general joseph votel about the legal justification for our milita… 
friday. el paso high school. two town halls. eager to hear what's on your mind and answer any questions you have. h… 
great having a chance to talk with  president dr.  at the capitol this afternoon! 
grateful to work with  to expand access to mental health care and reduce veteran suicide. 
couldn’t have been more impressed by this group of young people from  student government — great question… 
proud to receive a % rating from  — i’ll always work to protect the water we drink, the air we breathe,… 
the notion that the us could have service members in any country where there has ever been an isis presence – relyi… 
great conversation with a group from the texas american legion about ensuring that all service members — including… 
corporations shouldn’t be able to decide what programs you watch, what news you read, what music you hear, and what… 
reminder: we're holding *two* town halls in el paso on friday -- a general town hall at am and a veteran town hall… 
supreme court just put the brakes on president trump’s efforts to end #daca. dreamers still deserve a permanent sol… 
two town halls coming up next friday: a general town hall at am and a veteran town hall at pm -- both at el paso… 
inspired and impressed by the interns in our el paso office — so thoughtful, so engaged, so dedicated to doing righ… 
. is continuing to accept daca renewal requests for those already enrolled in the program – more information… 
great meeting this afternoon with president and ceo of the el paso chamber of commerce david jerome. 
thanks to everyone who came out to our town hall today — for your great questions, for holding me accountable, and… 
 : mhs welcomes congressman  glad to host your town hall meeting  #teamsisd 
town hall 
looking forward to taking your questions at our town hall tomorrow — am at montwood high school.  it's open enrollment for . san diegans can compare plans and apply for coverage through january th. for… 
welcomed  to san diego and shared how we're fighting for commonsense health care reforms that work for… 
i met max from bay ho, who is living with als. he came in with the  to discuss the importance of nih… 
donald trump ramped up his anti-immigrant rhetoric &amp; disdain for rule of law. birthright citizenship is enshrined i… 
gathered with san diegans from all  faiths at congregation beth israel to mourn the victims of the #pittsburgh trag… 
customs officials at the border already outnumber these troops  to . a better investment would be to hire more… 
trump is doubling down on his anti-refugee rhetoric by sending a large military presence to the border, when migran… 
this is exactly how our nation should come together after a tragedy. americans help one another in times of need. w… 
this is a terrible tragedy. a good man and  sailor-- killed for trying to do a good deed. my heartfelt sympa… 
i supported a full federal funding agreement for #midcoast, which matches local funding by  each year. we wi… 
#teampeters and i joined  for a tour of the #midcoast corridor project--the largest infrastructure project i… 
the tragedy in pittsburgh is a dark reminder of our divided nation and that words have consequences.   it also remi… 
 : former pres. obama: "in washington, they have racked up enough indictments to field a football team. nobody in my administration g…
saddened to hear of this tragic attack in #pittsburgh during a time of prayer and reflection. praying for the peopl… 
 : thank you  and  for standing up for military families. the  needs to do its job and proactively e…
tomorrow is #takebackday in san diego and across the country. drop off unwanted or unused medications and prescript… 
california knows #cleanercars are good for our environment and our economy. thank you to  for standing up… 
 years ago, matthew shepard was brutally murdered for being gay. his death sparked a national movement for our lg… 
stopped by 's th annual alonzo awards to celebrate some of san diego's visionary leaders. congratul… 
thank you to law enforcement officers, who worked around the clock to apprehend this suspect and keep us safe. we m… 
 : amen. san diego-based  creates the user experience for the best/most progressive public transportation systems…
spoke with  about the challenges currently facing our nation and how i am working across the aisle to do w… 
one of the most important ways to keep insurance available and premiums down is to get young, healthy people into t… 
i'm joining  for a climate and energy symposium. our discussion will be on the shift to fossil fuels u… 
congrats to 's center for international business education and research on receiving a $. million grant fro… 
processing delays at the  are causing veterans and beneficiaries that receive gi bill tuition, fees… 
as of yesterday, upgrades to ' superloop are complete. during my time on city council, we worked with … 
  there's a bipartisan, multistate coalition of attorneys general condemning 's decision. thank… 
sadly, service members and military families are prime targets for predatory lending, but the trump admin and … 
the trump administration's public charge rule could mean about , to . million children--u.s. citizens--with… 
this week marks the anniversary of the tax reform act of  when speaker o’neill and president reagan sought vote… 
i hope students and faculty at  are safe. san diegans in the surrounding area should also take caution. please… 
   thank you, bob, for your service and dedication to our veterans and our nation.
no we don’t. really. for us the border is more opportunity than threat. sd &amp; tijuana are two cities/one region, in… 
today’s threats to  and public figures are alarming for our safety and for the future of our country. we can di… 
it's open enrollment for medicare. san diegans using medicare can change their plans through december th. for more… 
#icymi: i'm honored to be named a  fiscal hero by . our national debt is too big to ignore and if we… 
our coastal communities are a huge part of what defines san diego. sadly, sea level rise from climate change could… 
we joined ibwc, , ,   and  to review efforts to address the tijuana sewage spill.… 
congrats to -- the best convention center in the western united states. true to san diego, they wer… 
met with students from  in chula vista, who are standing with dreamers and other immigrants at their schoo… 
this backward move abandons medical and legal reviews that established transgender rights. every american should be… 
 : rush limbaugh questions if a democrat sent bombs to clinton, obama: "republicans just don't do this kind of thing" https://t.c…
congratulations to  on the groundbreaking of their la jolla expansion. the project will double the museum's f… 
happy fleet week, san diego. as a proud military town, we celebrate our servicemen and women every day. it's still… 
cutting off aid to these countries only makes conditions worse and causes more people to flee for their safety. las… 
thanks for the invitation and your collaboration to build a prosperous and inclusive economy. 
thank you to all the cs professionals in san diego for supporting doctors and nurses in our hospitals. your work is… 
another great month for trade in #ca. in september,  financed $,. in exports from san diego co… 
stopped by san diego north rotary in carmel mountain ranch to share how we are working for san diego and answered q… 
public servants--teachers, first responders, service members, and more--should not suffer from 's mismanage… 
red flag warnings are still in effect, which means the potential for wind-driven wildfires is high. follow… 
#icymi: we visited lrad corporation in rancho bernardo with  to see their new expanded facility. see ho… 
san diego's  is not only leading in g technology-- they also launched wi-fi chips with speeds of more tha… 
i'm honored to receive a perfect score on 's congressional scorecard. no one should face discrimination because… 
no one should be harassed for who they are or who they love. instead, we should commit to kindness and respect in a… 
i also spoke with  employees to share how we're supporting san diego's defense and innovation economies--a ne… 
their groundbreaking technology also has applications in law enforcement, during emergencies, and for border securi… 
visited 's new headquarters in rancho bernardo to see their expanded facility that’s helping them fulfill an… 
open enrollment for  is underway. visit their website to browse health care plans and enroll today. san d… 
tax cuts do not pay for themselves.   the gop claim that their tax package would spur enough economic growth to mak… 
 : . addressing the lrad team 👋 
 : this morning, we’re at lrad corporation with  celebrating the company’s expansion in rancho bernardo. proud…
 : "it’s an unsustainable fiscal course that will lead us to debt overtaking the size of the entire economy in as soon as a d…
navy veterans who served offshore during the vietnam war are entitled to the same benefits as other veterans expose… 
california has consistently led the way with bold clean energy goals and developed innovative solutions to address… 
 : " has more engineering undergraduates than stanford and berkeley combined.... ucsd produced  entrepreneurs wh…
friday, october th marked the th anniversary of the terrorist attack on the u.s.s. cole in yemen. we honored th… 
for over a century,  has provided women and families with access to safe, affordable health care. we must prot… 
thanks to all the students and families, who joined us for service academy information night. congratulations on ta… 
a future of #zerohunger means working toward a day when everyone can access healthy, affordable food. we're fightin… 
visited  and mt. carmel high school to shadow principal nash and  for the morning.… 
celebrated the opening of amp&amp;rsand, a new office space in mission valley by . the modern complex feat… 
for too long, filipino wwii veterans did not get the benefits they earned. last year, congress voted to award them… 
the  census will determine federal housing, education, and veterans benefits for ca and san diego. learn more a… 
santa ana winds are bringing a red flag warning to san diego county. warm temperatures may raise the fire danger, s… 
#teampeters joined la jolla town council for their public safety forum and helped recognize three , wh… 
joined  for their real heroes breakfast aboard the  to celebrate san diegans, who have… 
there's only one week left to register to vote. registration is open until monday, october th--register online up… 
 : distinguished scripps professor v. ramanathan shares his story of scientific breakthrough and how his life’s work has sh…
naval bases ... but this is a nice piece on the  and  in san diego. #ca 
 : jamal khashoggi’s apparent death at the saudi consulate in istanbul is an atrocity, and crown prince muhammad bin salman’s…
world space week celebrates scientific and technological advances around the world that help us discover more about… 
happy hispanic heritage month! san diego is intrinsically connected to hispanic roots and culture from the discover… 
did you know the  offers scholarships for students to work, study, or conduct research abroad? learn abou… 
we're hosting a service academy information night on monday. students and families can learn more about the nominat… 
congrats to the san diego housing commission’s housing our heroes program on its award of excellence from… 
san diego has led the way in the transition to a clean energy economy. so, it's no surprise we were ranked the "gre… 
coming out is a deeply personal and courageous journey. no one can tell you when you are ready, but when you are, w… 
matthew shepard's death was one of the darkest times in our history. thankfully, we've made progress in our fight f… 
educating young women is an investment in our future. that's why i support equal access to education and jobs for w… 
joined mckesson specialty health, which was in san diego for their onmark oncology practice summit. i spoke about t… 
 : contrary to 's ridiculous belief, centrist democrats are very much alive.  strong, #newdems make up /…
joined  to talk about fostering international trade and global partnerships. as more companies go glo… 
congrats to  on its th anniversary. thank you for your commitment to local journalism and the truth. today'… 
if you or a loved one are struggling with mental health, reach out to the national alliance for mental health at … 
that's why i've advocated to designate the first full week of may  as “national mental health no stigma week" and t… 
every american struggling with mental health should have access to the quality care they need. in san diego, we nee… 
 : #climatechange "is an issue of fundamental, data-driven science, an issue of human tragedy, and an issue of planetary ec…
 : these numbers are astonishing - trump has destroyed america's standing in the world, which is the main legacy of nikki haley's…
more evidence that today’s republican party is out of touch with scientists, economists and world leadership on the… 
equal access to stem education and jobs for women is critical to growing the economy and u.s. competitiveness. toda… 
#teampeters joined  for remember me thursday-- a national event, started by helen woodward animal center to ra… 
california residents have more time to comply with the real id act thanks to an extension from . ca-issued d… 
early voting in san diego started yesterday. vote by mail or at the san diego registrar of voters in kearny mesa un… 
welcome to san diego, . their new hq in rancho bernardo added  jobs to our region, and plans to add … 
    there's no avoiding these rising temperatures and their consequences, unless we i… 
   . also found that  was the third hottest year on record for the entire planet.… 
a new report from the  at the  found we only have  years to make unprecedented changes to curb climate… 
america should practice the values of equality we say we uphold. we're urging  to reverse the '… 
congrats to , which was honored by  for their work to expand watersense labeled qualified water… 
 : sen. susan collins: "the one silver lining that i hope will come from this is that more women will press charges now, wh…
 : this controversial and partisan choice further deepens the divisions in america and profoundly undermines democratic gov…
 : you had the opportunity to claim a legacy as a pivotal, forward-thinking voice in the enterprise of progress, of cultur…
 : kiera galloway from the office of  talks about federal housing legislation and the support from her boss for bi…
 : this is the dumbest thing ever said by any elected representative ever. 
energy efficient technology and programs are essential in our fight to curb climate change. san diego ranks th in… 
welcomed uk minister for investment  to san diego to celebrate the growth of . their success i… 
in san diego, manufacturers leverage both the talent and resources across our binational region, including doors to… 
happy manufacturing day, san diego. our city is a hub for advanced manufacturing, driven by our innovation economy… 
i've visited these countries and seen the environmental, political, and social disasters that lead to people fleein… 
a san francisco judge ruled in favor of workers with temporary protected status, a program trump ended solely based… 
congrats to  on their newest contract with bay area transportation systems. their next generation fare paym… 
it’s an honor to be named “biosecurity champion” by . we don’t know when public health emergencies wil… 
it's clear the president has no interest in reducing emissions to curb climate change. san diego and ca are at the… 
  a cappella
kicking off manufacturing day with  and companies across san diego to celebrate all that's #madeinsd.… 
deepwater horizon showed us the dangers of offshore drilling. still, the trump administration wants to ignore that… 
this week celebrates  years of the national trails system. san diegans can celebrate by hiking one of our picture… 
we sent a letter to house leadership in support of , which works with communities to support tourism and a… 
interested in applying to a u.s. service academy? join us for our information night to hear from academy representa… 
our veterans earned a safe, stable place to live after their service. i introduced the home for our heroes act to i… 
#teampeters updated mira mesa town council about our visit to  on constitution day for a q&amp;a about co… 
d imaging technology at  is detecting breast cancer with more accuracy and less pain for patients. r… 
#teampeters attended a discussion on income mobility and inclusive growth with . access to early childhoo… 
this is a huge blow to u.s. diplomacy and the values of equality we say we uphold. denying visas for unmarried same… 
 : happy th anniversary to the national trails system act, which protects the #appalachiantrail, #pacificcresttrail &amp; th…
i also joined  to talk about two key transportation and infrastructure investments for the san diego r… 
i met with  and discussed the 's welcome investment in san diego and the need to invest in housing an… 
 those investments took years of working together. we need to do the same now and pass comprehensive immi… 
 in san diego, we know the border is an opportunity, not a threat. modernizations at san ysidro are alrea… 
 i shared how i am always working for san diego, whether i'm in d.c. or at home. i've tailored my service… 
while many have left washington, i'm still here working on policies important to san diego. i welcomed everyone in… 
saddened to hear of the tsunami and earthquake in #indonesia. thank you to , , and others on the gro… 
the #tradewar has hurt our international relationships and our economy. china cancelling security talks is just the… 
honored to receive the "fiscal hero" award from . our growing national debt threatens our ability to inv… 
today is  free ride day. there's no better day to change up your commute.  if you're using transit to get a… 
congrats to  and  on being named a  national blue ribbon school by . thank you for… 
happy birthday to , which has inspired generations of scientists to better understand our planet and explore t… 
americans trusted facebook with their data and rightfully expect it to remain protected from data breaches. if they… 
 year ago, tragedy struck #lasvegas killing  people and injuring  more—the worst mass shooting in our history… 
i would demand a legitimate fbi investigation to clear my name. #kavanaugh 
this is a snow job. 
which is exactly what you don’t want from a judge ... 
 : this. limiting the investigation to credible allegations of assault is reasonable. the white house dictating which wit…
 : president carlson: “the basic principles that underscore the senate’s constitutional duty of advice and consent on federal judi…
#metoo has made us all painfully aware of the suffering too many women have endured in silence. we have a lot of work to do. /
yes i’m still ticked about merrick garland. and i don’t expect trump to nominate another rbg. but there are conserv… 
he lied about little things. contrast that with , who owned his yr old poor judgment and apologized f… 
#kavanagh also showed a remarkably terrible temperament for a judge, screaming, arguing with senators. i’ve never s… 
the moving testimony of dr. ford - and the indifference of republican elected officials - have wounded women across… 
#kavanaugh is well educated, with a lengthy and prominent legal career and many people have spoken to his credit. b… 
i’m glad our profession spoke up through the  and that some sanity prevailed. i’m confident the fbi will be… 
as a lawyer, i’m committed to the principle that our courts serve justice through the rule of law, not politics. i… 
judge #kavanagh is not fit for the supreme court, and i’m grateful for  standing up to his party in defen… 
tomorrow is passport day at the san diego passport agency. stop by their office downtown to apply for or renew a pa… 
san diego's world-class genomics sector is fueling ' newest venture: using genome sequencing to diagn… 
a new  found voter id laws, relocated/closed polling places, voter roll purges, and more disproportionatel… 
today in , juan rodriguez cabrillo discovered san diego bay and began a journey to map much of the california c… 
a new  study found the u.s. has the most to lose from climate change.  our social cost of carbon, or eco… 
the 's monthly business survey found  in  san diego companies say tariffs will hurt them.    our econom… 
yesterday, i got to meet william nguyen, an american who was detained in vietnam for participating in a peaceful pr… 
i know today may be difficult for sexual assault survivors in san diego and across the country.    please know you… 
the american public deserves to know the truth about the serious allegations against #kavanaugh. we sent a letter t… 
   i introduced a resolution to create national post traumatic stress… 
   i am honored to work with them, but it shouldn’t take parents and a… 
 i was joined by , who tragically lost their son, daniel, to suicide at  because he… 
it's tragic and troubling that our service men and women might return home from battle only to take their own lives… 
this #kavanaugh hearing is so disheartening, for women, the senate, the supreme court and the united states. i’m af… 
congrats to  on a new $,,  grant to help prepare californians for professions in high-growth in… 
today we funded programs and priorities important to san diego to avoid a government shutdown. however, i still bel… 
first trump pulled out of the paris agreement, then our major trade agreements-- and now these actions are convergi… 
i joined  to introduce the lady liberty act to require the president to set a goal of admitting at le… 
this is a huge step forward for  and our work to diversify our water supply-- a project i've supported… 
birth control is health care. access to quality, affordable, preventative care is good for everyone. investments in… 
the land and water conservation fund that helps protect national parks, forests, and coastal habitats and waterways… 
trump's “public charge” rule is hurting u.s citizens to target immigrants in their families. no one should have to… 
we should all strive to treat each other with respect and kindness-- and set an example for the next generation. st… 
voting is a great privilege and a great responsibility. make sure you're registered to vote and make your voice hea… 
re-directing funding for important programs, like medical research, education, and public health programs is wrong.… 
we also must investigate the new allegations and get all the facts. all survivors that bravely come forward deserve… 
sexual assault is a serious allegation and assault survivors must be heard. we're urging  to delay kava… 
joined  troop  to celebrate  years of service to san diego. since , troop  has supported our m… 
stopped by wesley palms retirement home in pb to share how we are working to protect medicare and social security.… 
the #muslimban continues to separate families and shut the door on those fleeing violence and oppression today. the… 
last year, the trump administration implemented a "travel ban" to stop muslims from entering the country--a discrim… 
 : under no circumstances should rod rosenstein resign. this would place the mueller investigation in even greater jeopardy…
#flashbackfriday to our visit to  on constitution day. i spoke to students about how congress has evo… 
next saturday, the san diego passport agency is hosting a passport day. visit them downtown to renew your passport… 
#teampeters joined  for their annual legislative staff briefing. one third of working families in s…  when % of the benefits go to the top %, it's clear that the #goptaxscam prioritizes corporations, not small busi… 
thank you  for inviting me to the neutron imaging center groundbreaking in fitchburg today!   looki… 
watch: sue &amp; tom holmes, small business owners in wisconsin, discuss how  &amp; 's passed a ta… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
if you were affected by flooding in dane county, a disaster recovery center has opened in middleton at  parment… 
 : powerful stories told by americans who survived gun violence. every member of congress should read this. it’s up to us t…
cc:  
as another suspicious package is sent to cnn,  rails against the media, using the terms “fake news”… 
hope you enjoy this week's magic monday with , the ipad magician! 
elected officials have a responsibility to reject the dangerous rhetoric that has sadly become a central part of ou… 
i'm keeping the jewish community &amp; the city of pittsburgh in my thoughts. i‘m deeply disturbed by this blatant act… 
“on oct. , the choice will be clear. for the future of brazil, as well as of latin america and the world, brazili… 
 : brazilian presidential candidate jair bolsonaro has run a campaign marked by hate speech, misinformation, &amp; praise for the…
announcement: for those affected by the flooding in sauk county, a disaster recovery center will be opening in reed… 
the world’s worst humanitarian crisis has been triggered by our secretive, illegal war in yemen waged alongside the… 
“we all do better when we all do better.” - a great paul wellstone quote that is still just as relevant today 
while ’s proposals sounds good, they won’t lower costs for seniors buying prescriptions at the loca… 
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
 : news: i've introduced bipartisan legislation to prohibit all weapons sales and military aid to the government of #saudiara…
the  report also found that if current affordable care act protections are eliminated, older american… 
thank you to the students of edgewood high school for inviting me to join you this morning. we had a great discussi… 
 : economic concentration has always been a threat to our prosperity and modern agribusiness corporate mergers are no differe…
thanks to  and congressional republicans, efforts to undermine the affordable care act could result… 
breaking: new  report shows that because of the trump admin’s refusal to support the affordable care… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 members of congress are calling on the trump administration to tell us when  knew that the saudi regime… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : i’m very concerned by the trump admin’s decision to withdraw from the #inf treaty. we should be reducing the threat of a…
 : . is right. after khashoggi's murder, congress must end us military participation in the saudi war in yemen: h…
for this week’s #magicmonday we’re throwing it back to a trick from a couple of years ago on the importance of main… 
the trump administration is once again continuing their discriminatory practices against transgender people in this… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
president trump celebrating the assault of a reporter is wrong.  at a time when journalists are still attacked, jai… 
 : this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now  f…
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
 : so this week the president has helped cover up the murder of one journalist and is now praising the assault of another jou…
...says the guy who just spent the evening rallying his supporters to back a candidate who assaulted a reporter.  c… 
if you live in crawford, dane, juneau, la crosse, monroe, richland, sauk, or vernon counties, you can register with… 
earlier this month, i wrote to , requesting that he grant a major disaster declaration for recent f… 
 : republicans in congress spent the last two years trying to end protections for americans with pre-existing conditions.…
 : my colleagues and i wrote to the ceos of   corps &amp; demanded an explanation for the soaring cost of rx drugs. all…
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
attention students! the october  deadline to apply for a nomination to one of our nation’s service academies is c… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
great to tour the new baraboo city hall and meet with my friend mayor mike palm. this new building was made possibl… 
 : i’m also an author—with —of this joint resolution to block arms sales to saudi arabia in light of the horrifi…
 : in september, ,  and i led a similar letter to the ceo of  asking why so much of th…
. continues to turn her back on students, including public servants who were promised relief from mass… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
republicans in washington have lost sight of the issues that matter to everyday americans. the cost of prescription… 
 : the gop playbook isn’t complicated.  step : explode the deficit with huge tax breaks to billionaires. step : cut your…
"the republican work proposals could cut off food subsidies and health insurance to millions of americans who can w… 
"at the trump international hotel in washington, which has served as something of an unofficial headquarters for fo… 
this exploding deficit is the direct result of the #goptaxscam.  economists across the country saw this coming,… 
there's nothing on 's public schedule today.  here's what he could do other than watch : •… 
when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising… 
icymi – check out this week’s #magicmonday. 
did you miss this week’s #magicmonday? watch below as i show off some of my invisibility skills for this week’s tri… 
in washington, d.c. – either in congress or at a federal agency – sometimes things are done invisibly or without th… 
stephen miller and his team of xenophobes are once again trying to enact a family separation policy to sow chaos at… 
"since the storm, there’s been no electricity &amp; no water in panama city. emergency disaster relief was yet to be se… 
my colleague  and i are demanding #justiceforjamal: did trump's intel agencies warn khashoggi of the th… 
today i submitted a foia request to  to receive records regarding recent raids in wisconsin.  my request com… 
on the th anniversary of the death of #matthewshepard, we must recommit ourselves to ending hate crimes and advan… 
earlier this week, my colleagues and i wrote to  to request a major disaster declaration for recent… 
 : happy national coming out day! 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
i am working to make social security stronger for generations to come. it's an insurance program, not an entitlemen… 
the deadline to submit your application for the u.s. service academies is fast approaching! if you’re interested in… 
if we don’t make drastic and immediate changes, the impacts of climate change on our world and way of life will be… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
 : republicans and #toxictrump have abandoned any progress to reverse #climatechange in order to prop up polluters. this t…
today i joined workers and advocates in wisconsin to take a stand against the trump administration's anti-union pol… 
for this week's #magicmonday, sometimes even what seems to be impossible is possible. watch this mind-blowing effec… 
i’ll continue to stand with dr. ford and all women who have the bravery to speak out and take a stand against sexua… 
senate republicans were wrong to force through brett kavanaugh’s confirmation following dr. ford’s testimony.  it’s… 
 : we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure our…
 : in july,   &amp;  led over two dozen progressive lawmakers in advocating for democr…
i joined ,  &amp; my colleagues to urge  to withdraw his nomination of judge… 
 : as a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. it’s an oath i was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one th…
 : citing his misleading statements under oath,  house members led by ,  and  ca…
 : us district judge in ca granted a preliminary injunction, temporarily blocking 's attack on tps. good news for our f…
far too many american workers are underpaid and overworked. i’m proud of my friend  and all of the wo… 
each year, i have the distinct honor of nominating individuals from my district to the u.s. service academies. if y… 
here's a special wednesday edition of #magicmonday in honor of brett kavanaugh! (yes, it's about beer) 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
    can confirm that it's real! he even sent it with a package… 
just in case you're wondering how the  is selling members of congress on #usmca, here's the letter… 
the  inspector general report is damning evidence that the trump administration's family separation policy w… 
this decision by the  will only create obstacles and hardships for same-sex partners of diplomats &amp;  o… 
 : history is repeating itself before our eyes. women like christine blasey ford—just like anita hill back in —are being…
despite what this absentee ballot says, you can be assured that i'm still a democrat!  thankfully only one person r… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
 : the trump administration is moving thousands of kids into “tent cities” in the desert – which really should be called de…
for this week’s #magicmonday, check out . as the winner of america’s got talent, he’s one of the best… 
the  admin will go to any lengths to ensure everyday americans can be taken advantage of by corpora… 
today marks  days since the deadliest mass shooting in american history and  and  still… 
we must work across the aisle to rein in our unauthorized involvement by reasserting our constitutional duty over w… 
wisconsin is known for our beautiful lakes and outdoor spaces - all protected by the land and water conservation fu… 
seems like a good time to re-up this tweet ⬇️  #stopkavanaugh 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
just started my facebook live q&amp;a! head over to my facebook page to join and ask a question. 
last weekend, ice detained  individuals in raids across wisconsin. today, i sat down with ice officials to demand… 
just a reminder that i'm holding a facebook live q&amp;a in one hour at : pm cdt. click here to join:… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
 : nyt's  powerfully presents the case for cutting through the president's reality-tv antics and redoubling ou…
while  and  are working to enrich themselves and their wealthy donors,  are… 
thanks to   &amp; ,  are uniting to end the devastating us-saudi… 
the  are fighting to push back against the #cultureofcorruption being driven by  &amp;… 
so you're saying that other countries are working to influence the american people, yet you won't take concrete ste… 
"one reason many voters haven’t warmed to the tax law is because many companies have not turned around &amp; passed alo… 
. are fighting for the issues that matter to everyday americans by pushing back against the corrupt… 
 : . is here to give us an insider perspective on what's to come for the house and beyond!  tune in: …
 : we're live on a wednesday!    all in studio. - am est.   watch: 
with this notice,  and  have signaled that they have no intention of going into thursday's h… 
reminder: while we're all focused on #kavanaugh,  and other members of 's team continu… 
 : outrageous. trump is denying green cards to immigrants just because they want healthcare or healthy food for their families…
mark your calendars: my next facebook live q&amp;a is thursday, september  at : pm cdt.  join me to discuss the la… 
our democracy works when everyone is engaged. make sure your voice is heard in november by registering to vote this… 
 : pres trump’s comments at #unga were outrageous. but more than that – they were a missed opportunity.   the us could be a…
message from the president of the united states: look past the sexual assault. the only thing that matters is winni… 
 : take a moment on this #nationalvoterregistrationday to ensure that your voice is heard! find more information here on h…
 : trump’s campaign pledge to stop drug companies from “getting away with murder” was one of the few things i thought we co…
classic move from 's playbook: alienate our allies and cozy up to ruthless dictators #unga 
at #unga  shamelessly praised the absolute monarchy of saudi arabia for bold ‘reforms' as it bombs… 
tired: "america needs a potus with balls to stop america from being a worldwide laughingstock." - trump tweet from… 
yes,  brags of military supremacy and a bloated pentagon in a speech that’s supposed to advance int… 
i’m old enough to remember when american presidents went to the #unga to promote peace and diplomacy, not engage in… 
., you are harming the palestinians and israelis by eliminating u.s. assistance for medical service… 
outrageous:  touts supposed saudi and emirati efforts to fight terrorism as both countries *partner… 
world leaders didn't laugh at us when  spoke at #unga   is treating this meeting like a… 
. boasting at the un about the stock market and the u.s. adding $ trillion in wealth is an embarr… 
 : right now, president trump and his republican enablers are working to erode protections for patients with pre-existing…
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
you and the rest of  spent the last week smearing christine blasey ford and even attempted to speed up th… 
maybe if you believe that the allegations are unsubstantiated and uncorroborated, you should call for an fbi invest… 
"through the end of july, there were , brand-name drug price increases and  price cuts, a ratio of -to-."… 
 : . on : “this growingly rouge agency is significantly off its mission.” he says the agency refused to rel…
#believesurvivors #believesurvivors #believesurvivors #believesurvivors #believesurvivors 
here's your daily reminder that congress is a co-equal branch of government, yet  and  bot… 
two words: merrick garland  the  blew up the traditional confirmation process and you know it. #believewomen… 
for this week, we're throwing it back to a trick i did two years ago to explain a continuing resolution.  today's v… 
if you encounter  officials and have questions regarding your legal rights and defense, call -- to… 
my office reached out to  regarding recent arrests in wi and has yet to receive a response.  the lack of coo… 
 : esta semana presenté el discurso semanal demócrata con respecto al primer aniversario de #maria. exigimos respuestas de…
 : just in: the trump administration has diverted nearly half a billion dollars from vital health initiatives to keep unaccom…
the trump administration has repeatedly turned its back on wisconsin’s dairy farmers.  we should be supporting our… 
 : the #goptaxscam benefited the wealthiest corporations at the expense of working families—and republicans are now admitt…
. and  decided that last year's #goptaxscam just wasn't enough for their wealthy donors an… 
 : %.   the number of women, according to research, who do not report sexual assaults...often because they know they won't b…
every week i join  for "midday with mark"  looking forward to seeing what he has to say on… 
christine blasey ford deserves to be heard and she deserves better than this from the president of united states.… 
since yesterday’s shooting in middleton,  people were killed at a shooting in md &amp;  were injured at a shooting in… 
it was great to be back in reedsburg this week to tour the . the impact you’re making in our community… 
i’m closely following the situation in middleton &amp; want to thank the first responders for their help. our office is… 
 : despite the overwhelming popular support for the endangered species act, the trump administration is taking new action to…
refugees &amp; asylum seekers rely on the u.s. to rebuild their lives without the threat of violence and persecution.… 
i joined , , , and my democratic colleagues to urge the senate to delay judge… 
icymi – check out this week’s #magicmonday to see if i can guess where whitman wants to visit next. 
make sure you don’t miss this week’s #magicmonday. in washington, you meet a lot of people from a lot of different… 
congrats to sugar creek elementary school &amp;  for being nationally recognized as two of america’s health… 
how can the united states advance human rights and democratic values when our military participation in the saudi r… 
as the saudis use famine as a weapon of war, starving millions of innocent yemenis to near death, the u.s. refuels,… 
considering your administration's response to last year's hurricanes, maybe you should turn off fox news and hold a… 
sometimes in washington, dc, you run into people from all over the country and you can kind of guess where they’re… 
the pay gap for teachers is now the largest on record. when a teacher has to resort to selling her plasma to make e… 
families need affordable, quality child care that doesn’t break the bank. that’s why i am a cosponsor of the child… 
 : we need a supreme court judge that puts the law above the interests of corporations and the %. there are more than just pr…
when our teachers have to work three jobs, forgo medical care, and resort to selling their plasma to make ends meet… 
it was an honor to receive the national farmers union  golden triangle award from the . i’ll continue to… 
 : even with their #goptaxscam savings, companies still aren't increasing wages. i joined  and several other dem…
 : republicans spent their day trying to pass the #taxscam through the ways and means committee.   meanwhile, i, …
today, , ,  &amp; i led   in demanding ag jeff sessions reverse… 
hurricane florence threatens millions along the east coast hundreds of children remain separated from their familie… 
every day, members of congress have the opportunity to stand up to .  and every day,  and… 
no one's fault?  the administration's massive failure in #puertorico resulted in nearly , americans dying and… 
 : news: , ,  &amp; i are leading   calling on attorney general sessions…
every time you think the president can't go any lower, he does.  politicizing the deaths of nearly , americans… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
. made a mockery of the law today by certifying that saudi arabia, which bombs and starves yemeni civilia… 
while the country braces for the start of another brutal hurricane season,  diverted $ million fr… 
generations of americans have fought, marched, and peacefully protested to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor th… 
 : ahead of hurricane season, the trump administration diverted $ million from fema to fund their immigration and deporta…
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
. &amp;  are doubling down on their giveaways to corporations and the wealthy, and they kee… 
 : reaction of senator patrick leahy (d-vt.) to the state department’s announcement the u.s. will order the closure of the p…
on the anniversary of sept. th, we take a moment to remember the innocent victims and those who lost loved ones o… 
 : john nichols: pocan seeks to strengthen remedies to erratic and immoral presidents  …
reminder: if you’re a homeowner who has been affected by the flooding in sauk county, a teleconference will be held… 
today is #worldsuicidepreventionday. join the conversation to #breakthestigma and #bethere for those in need. if yo… 
 as i said at the press conference, according to fema, once  requests a federal disaster declara… 
for homeowners affected by the flooding in sauk county, emergency management will host a teleconference tonight at… 
for this week's #magicmonday, if you haven't been watching america's got talent this season, you should. enjoy the… 
 : . (wi-) held a townhall for professors, administrators, and staff to hear what he can do #forthepeople o…
 : . on republicans’ latest assault on protections for americans with pre-existing conditions: "[republica…
 : republicans should be ashamed of their efforts to destroy critical pre-existing condition protections that keep insura…
 : the horrific images seen here are why i am working w/ ,  and others to pass a war powers resolut…
last month,  and i requested funds from the federal gov't to help wi recover from record flooding.… 
decided to update my profile photo since  started the bitmoji trend.  vote below to decide which bitmoj…  i join the community of squirrel hill in mourning. our nation must come together and continue to fight for a better… 
i am heartsick by yet another mass shooting this morning, this time targeting jewish worshippers at the tree of lif… 
 : thank you  for authoring hr , the advancing high quality treatment for opioid use disorders in medicare…
great news, local tourism continues to boom! our local palm springs international airport saw record growth last ye… 
i am truly blessed to have known her, and i am honored to take up her fight to end the use of burn pits and ensure… 
my heart is heavy today as we remember the life of jennifer kepner from cathedral city, who passed away from pancre… 
i am proud to stand for lgbtq equality and to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard. visit… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : monday is #nlaad. here are fast facts about #hiv and prevention challenges among hispanic/latino communities.  https://t.c…
i was so thrilled to join our community today to celebrate the grand opening of the brand-new coachella library! th… 
congratulations to the coachella valley housing coalition for building their ,th affordable, single family hous… 
october is breast cancer awareness month and an important reminder to always be vigilant for the early signs of bre… 
as a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. it’s an oath i was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one… 
 : rain update 💧☔️ / a flash flood watch is in effect for the mountains (except santa ana mountains) and deserts through midn…
 : #photosoftheweek , left, takes a selfie with  on the house steps of the capitol after the final v…
rushing toward a confirmation vote on judge kavanaugh before fully researching the very serious claims of the women… 
women who come forward to report sexual assault deserve to be taken seriously and treated with dignity and respect. 
 :  ways residents can reduce the risk that their homes &amp; property will become fuel for a wildfire: santa ana winds season is…
 : thank you  for supporting the desert renewable energy conservation plan. here’s why he thinks we should kee…
seeing these students brightened my day. thank you  for helping them achieve their dreams and for giving… 
join my office this thursday from -pm at tahquitz high school in hemet for an information session on the military… 
i will keep fighting for the medicare and social security benefits our seniors have earned!
these bills will give seniors  more time to navigate the complicated medicare enrollment process, help cut down on… 
after a lifetime of work and paying into medicare, our seniors deserve the highest standard of health care coverage… 
today we remember the victims of the / terrorist attacks. our nation  was tested by hatred and violence. we resp… 
l’shana tova to all celebrating rosh hashanah today! may you find time to reflect on the year past and renew yourse… 
few places in the country can compete with our district’s natural beauty. that’s why i cosponsor h.r. , a bill t… 
at last month's telephone town hall for seniors, we discussed my work to strengthen medicare and social security an… 
i am proud to partner with republican  on a new bill, the protection for veterans burn pit exposure… 
that says a lot about his selfless sacrifice to serve our nation. our thoughts and prayers are with his family duri… 
i will always remember the conversations we had sitting next to each other flying coach, and the sage advice he gav… 
i am saddened by the loss of a national hero and patriot, senator john mccain. he was a man of character, a maveric… 
did you know that nearly % of all new jobs in the u.s. are created by #startups? during #startupweek, let’s recog… 
these provisions will help us track and identify all the negative health impacts associated with exposure so we can… 
#icymi - last week, president trump signed the national defense authorization act into law. the bill included my le… 
 : radar snapshot of the various cells around the #cranstonfire burn scar that have prompted our flash flood warning through…
 : cranston fire risk of flooding, mud and debris flow. community meeting fri, aug , pm, idyllwild school gym,  hw…
happy birthday to , celebrating  years of providing diagnosis and treatment for patients not availa… 
 : we need an america that works #forthepeople. while the gop congress gives massive tax breaks to wall street &amp; the wealt…
 : #valleyfire update (forest falls, ca):  - containment up to % - acreage remains at , - portions of san gorgonio…
had a very productive meeting with the mountain communities fire safe council last week where we discussed how thei… 
 : ‘idyllwild wasn’t burning:’ shops, inns aim to bounce back after cranston fire 
last week i had a chance to sit down and share lunch with my incredible team of interns in the district office. goo… 
last week i was proud to help homeowners in our region by voting to reauthorize the national flood insurance progra… 
 : #cranstonfire update for july , , more information is available at inciweb  …
 years ago today president lyndon b. johnson signed #medicare and #medicaid into law, guaranteeing high quality,… 
 : although you may not be able to be on the front lines battling the #cranstonfire yourself, there still are many ways to help…
 : #cranstonfire update, riverside emergency management department is reporting re-population of idyllwild and pine cove…
 : #cranstonfire update for july ,  more information can be found at inciweb at  https://t.c…
 : shelter info correction: evacuees from #cranstonfire, go to banning high school at  west westward in banning.   evacuees…
getting briefed by officials on the #cranstonfire and progress on containment efforts. right now it's up to ,… 
another fire broke out this morning! the #ribbonfire is located on highway  and ribbonwood dr. near pinyon pines,… 
the #cranstonfire has now burned more than , acres and is growing. i'm concerned for residents 
 : #cranstonfire evacuations expanded to all of idyllwilld, pine cove and fern valley. leave immediately.
please take caution if you live in or are driving towards idyllwild. another fire is burning and parts of highway … 
we cannot allow polarization to define the politics of . we must remember all that we can achieve when we are united. #nationalmoonday
forty-nine years ago, neil armstrong became the first person to walk on the moon. armstrong’s “giant leap” wasn’t j… 
today i met with the va to ensure they understand that we must get our burn pits exposed vets the treatment and ben… 
congratulations to jj, a local resident and leukemia survivor, who just found out last night that his dream of swim… 
with wildfire season intensifying,  has announced increased fire restrictions for visitors that go… 
 : . and  have an annual friendly wager that whoever lost the congressional baseball game…
republican  and i had a friendly wager for this year’s congressional baseball game: whoever lost ha… 
today republicans on the energy and commerce committee tried to say they are already doing enough oversight of the… 
 : thunderstorms are expected in the afternoons this week in the mountains &amp; deserts. additionally, storms could develop acros…
i am tired of the hyper-partisan dysfunction that is paralyzing congress. that is why last week, i introduced the p… 
thank you to the  for highlighting my bill to strengthen medicare and ensure seniors have access to the g… 
today i proudly supported our troops by voting to give them a .% pay raise and ensure that spouses and children o… 
 : "it is critical that all americans — regardless of their age or how much money they make — have access to high-quality, comp…
with the slower summer season comes road and lane closures that can affect your morning or evening commute. take a… 
it was a pleasure to meet with constituents from the alzheimer’s association who came to my office to express their… 
 : i am leading  #democrats in demanding answers from  &amp; . dhs+hhs inspectors general must immediately cond…
i just helped to pass h.r. , a bipartisan bill that will help our nation’s effort to combat the opioid epidemic. n… 
young children forcibly separated from their mother’s arms suffer from toxic stress and irreversible psychological… 
right now, veterans are developing rare, debilitating, and fatal illnesses that most probably are linked to their e… 
before votes in the capitol earlier this week, i met with th and th graders from palm desert charter middle schoo… 
 : first pitch a grounder to rep.  at second, who turns a quick throw to first to get  for the f…
we have a responsibility to treat all children with respect, dignity, and humanity. (/)
this trauma will have severe long-term health consequences and puts many of   these children at great risk of human… 
many of these children are seeking asylum from unspeakable violence and this administration is adding to their suff… 
separating young children from their parents is horrifying and inhumane, and goes against the very core of our values as americans. (/)
non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, or nash, is a little-known liver disease that affects an estimated  million adults… 
join me today in remembering the  beautiful lives that were tragically lost two years ago at the #pulse nightclub… 
i am disappointed that once again republican leadership has blocked a vote on my bipartisan legislation to ban memb… 
 million americans with pre-existing conditions are protected under the aca. late last night, the trump administ… 
 : we have begun  minutes of debate on the rep. ruiz (d-ca)  amendment no. 
 : . with house colleagues and ,  talking about impact of burn pits on vets’ health. ruiz says…
 : the  #stormthehill team appreciated visiting with you, , to talk about #burnpits and your work on the…
this is great news for our region and for our work to keep the dangerous lakebed sediments out of the air we breath… 
when a person walks into a store, they shouldn’t have to wonder whether they’ll be denied service because of who th… 
today is #nationaltrailsday, where thousands of people from the across the country are working together to clean up… 
this breaks my heart and should be a wake-up call for our nation. whether it’s an earthquake in california or a hur… 
never before has an administration censored conversation between a woman and her doctor, and we should not start no… 
 : great to connect with our representative . wonderful to have a physician who understands our issues. #fmas…
this week, foster youth from across the country will be traveling to washington, d.c. to give their perspective on… 
everyone – regardless of where they live or how much money they make – has the right to healthcare, including infor… 
how many more school shootings will we have before speaker ryan allows a vote on common sense gun violence prevention legislation. #fedup
this week i testified before the house veterans’ affairs committee about the dangers of exposure to burn pits. it's… 
be kind to others and treat them as you would want to be treated. these simple words can mean a world of difference… 
honored to join the family of gil vega and lesley zerebny at the th annual peace officer’s memorial to remember t… 
thanks to all the desert residents who attended this weekend's community hearing on the drecp. the public support f… 
the #desertplan was created after  years of building community consensus through hundreds of public hearings; we n… 
join me in congratulating this year’s winners of the th district congressional art competition! check out this sh… 
 looking forward to the tour! 
starting a business is hard work and requires significant planning. take a look at this short guide to make sure yo… 
 : congressman dr. raul ruiz continues his fight on burn pits after the death of a local veteran from pancreatic cancer.  w…
clean air to breathe and safe water to drink is not a privilege only for the rich and powerful, but a right for eve… 
our seniors deserve access to the gold standard of care for treating opioid addiction. my bill would expand access… 
congratulations to the coachella valley autism society of america on their th anniversary! this weekend’s th ann… 
 : . proclaims "everyone deserves a safe, healthy environment to live, work, and play." 
i thank the brave men and women in uniform for doing their jobs reflective of the greatest military our world has ever seen.
i am deeply concerned about carelessly getting involved in another war or repeatedly turning to military action as… 
last night's targeted strike on syria's chemical warfare infrastructure by the u.s., britain, and france was meant… 
the use of chemical warfare is horrific, illegal, and should be held to account by the international community. i c… 
air ambulance service can mean the difference between life and death in an emergency, especially for rural communit… 
thrilled to see another project at the salton sea making progress! the completion of phase one of the torres martin… 
in today's world, where the internet touched so many aspects of our lives, consumers deserve the piece of mind that… 
in the next  minutes i will be questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about what he can do to regain the public… 
thank you  for covering this important topic! it was wonderful to join you for this podcast. 
 : on #equalpayday, we confront the double burden of sexism &amp; racism in the fight to achieve pay equity. women on average…
#equalpay is not only about respect for the millions of women in our country working to provide for their families.… 
libraries were my haven throughout college and medical school and fed my desire to learn. join me in celebrating… 
last week i had the honor of recognizing some of our outstanding public servants here in the valley. deputy alicia… 
take a look at what i've been working on in ca- &amp; dc on your behalf.    
welcome home #vietnamwarveteransday. we salute and thank each and every one of you for your service and sacrifice to our great nation. 
 : thanks  significantly increasing funding for teaching health centers, where the next generation of physicians…
 : welcome to the #newdem coalition, !   
shared my docs perspective  hearing to ensure the dea effectively intercepts fraudulent prescription drugs &amp; keeps of streets
 : see the highlights of our  legislative action awards event, where we acknowledged award recipients ,…
last week i hosted a briefing on telehealth in rural america. watch       
great to meet w health care groups from across my district.    
join me live as i am recognized as a bipartisan leader by   
truly honored to be recognized as a bipartisan leader by . watch the event live 
momentous day for our community w grand opening of  clinic in indio. will cont' to work towards afford… 
i commend the efforts of 's #cultivatingacommunityofcaring campaign to ensure students have a safe le… 
today i joined  in introducing legislation that preserves commonsense fuel economy &amp; auto ghg emissions… 
we need common sense solutions to address #gunviolence. sent letter to chairman  requesting hearing o… 
house unanimously passed my tribal broadband deployment act which will help close the #digital divide in our community.
#dreamers and their families are living in uncertainty and fear every day congress fails to act. we must #protectdreamers now.
i hope you enjoyed our rd annual veterans university. ty for tuning in &amp; to those who made veterans university pos… 
tune in as we conclude the rd annual veterans university! #vu  click here: 
the nd set of break-out sessions is getting ready to wrap up which means the rd annual veterans university is com… 
it's a true honor to be able to recognize the acts of heroism of our local veterans by presenting them with the med… 
please follow this link, , to join us live as we celebrate our veterans at our rd veterans university!
very excited to host the rd annual veterans university. looking fwd to seeing vets, service members their families… 

join me in congratulating our six new firefighters who recently graduated and will join the 
proud to earn a % #lcvscorecard for my work to combat climate change &amp; protect the public’s health.
honored to announce the heroes lesley zerebny and gilbert vega first responder survivor support act.  
i am ready and willing to work toward bipartisan solutions to end gun violence. that’s why today i joined all the… 
today i am in dc, but i am sending my love to my first valentine, my mother, and i will spend the evening telling m… 
talked with  about my bipartisan wildfire prevention act that just became law, my upcoming veterans u… 
 : local congressman dr. raul ruiz on tonight's news channel  live at  speaking with john white about last week's government shutd…
californians – today is the last day to sign up for health care coverage for  under ! visit… 
i asked ben kepner to be my guest to #sotu to continue to raise awareness about the dangers of exposure to burn… 
i am honored to have ben kepner, a local firefighter from cathedral city, as my #sotu guest. ben recently lost… 
unacceptable. i will not stop working for you during this government shutdown. my office will be open to answer you… 
that is why i voted no today &amp; i urge congressional leadership from both parties to work together, end the partisan… 
congress must stop kicking the can down the road and instead make bipartisan and reasonable progress to fund our mi… 
it is the fourth short-term funding bill, which is a harmful and irresponsible way to govern. /
i have been working tirelessly for long-term, bipartisan, budget solutions that will help our government serve the… 
 : thank you for your leadership in introducing the #usaact . you’ve opened doors of hope and opportunity eve…
these goals have widespread support across the country and across the aisle. congress must act now to put people ab… 
the usa act is currently the most bipartisan, pragmatic, and viable solution that provides an earned path to citize… 
i have advocated for years for a permanent solution for dreamers and have been calling for months for a vote on leg… 
dreamers are hardworking students and young people in our military who make incredible contributions to our economy… 
rep. don young and i might not always agree, but we have found ways to work together, sponsoring each other’s bills… 
 : representing more than , physicians, #docscoverage meet with  
 : aoa president dr. mark baker and coalition partners representing &gt; k docs on capitol hill today to request …
on #lawenforcementappreciationday we honor the incredible public safety officers who rush into harm’s way each day… 
californians – did you know that there is still time for you to enroll in a health insurance plan for ? open en… 
happy new year! i wish everyone the best in the new year and i am honored to continue serving you in ! 
i am so grateful to spend today with my family, counting our blessing as this year comes to a close and making our… 
thanks  and ! it was a great game! 
monica, sky, sage, and i wish you and your family a very merry christmas and happy holidays! wishing everyone health and happiness in !
this joyous season, let us show gratitude to the brave men and women in uniform who are often away from their famil… 
i am proud to have worked with local partners to deliver this pragmatic solution for our community and the entire state of california.
after the  mountain fire, i worked with first responders to introduce this bipartisan bill to give local govern… 
today the house passed my bipartisan wildfire prevention act, a huge win for our district!
californians – you can still enroll in health insurance through covered california! open enrollment to pick a healt… 
congress must put partisanship aside and pass a bipartisan bill that truly protects our seniors and prioritizes mid… 
today i voted against the tax plan that forces $b in cuts to medicare over the next  years and increase taxes o… 
we must get answers for our vets exposed to burn pits. that's why  of my colleagues and i signed a bipartisan let… 
i joined  of my colleagues in asking the  to delay the vote on #netneutrality. 
we should modernize our tax code to help hardworking families &amp; small businesses spark the economy. yet the current… 
happy hanukkah! this beautiful festival of lights is a reminder of the bright light of the human spirit, and i wish… 
my thoughts and prayers are with those injured in today's attack in nyc. thank you to all the brave law enforcement… 
there is still time to find a health care plan that works for you and your family. visit  be… 
the fcc is proposing to roll back the #netneutrality protections that allow innovators and small businesses in my d… 
check out this clip from  where i questioned epa admin pruitt about the science behind the proposed rep… 
 : #icymi: ,  and  pushed #pollutingpruitt on his consistent and calculated atte…
when i questioned epa admin scott pruitt in  hearing, he admitted that repeal of the #cleanpowerplan… 
 : by rescinding the #cleanpowerplan,  is putting america’s health at risk. watch  question…
 : , who is also a physician, talking about the public health dangers of fine particle pollution.  reminder that…
 : “it is not a pleasant experience to treat kids who come in with asthma.” says physician,  on health risks…
 : thanks   for calling out #pollutingpruitt for rescinding the #cleanpowerplan, which uses science to protect t…
 : heard from  &amp;  about hr - restoring the patient’s voice act. if passed, this bill…
want to learn more about my bipartisan bill to simplify medicare enrollment for seniors? click to read this great o… 
congress has a responsibility to help our veterans exposed to burn pits and must act now. that’s why earlier today… 
thank you to dr. kreines and dr. bekal for the great op-ed on my bipartisan bill, the restoring the patient’s voice… 
today the house passed a long-overdue bill to require anti-harassment and anti-discrimination training for members…  nearly . million azans have a pre-existing condition. we’re working to defend their health care from a lawsuit by… 
we served #az residents at #mobileofficehours in chandler. couldn't attend? call us for help: --. 
congrats to the #azteacheroftheyear, kareem neal from maryvale high school! 
our team connected students with higher education resources at central high school. we're working to ensure every a… 
#az students: interested in attending a service academy? applications for a nomination are due today! visit our w… 
we brought together student vets and administrators from across the state to work on veteran initiatives and ensure… 
today: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours, :-:pm, at chandler sunset library ( w. ray… 
new law: the president signed our pass act today. we co-introduced this bill to confront the opioid crisis in az by… 
kids in az shouldn’t have to worry about having their identities stolen. our bill to protect arizona families from… 
we joined student veterans at  to hear directly from them about what they need to achieve success in the class… 
chandler: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours thursday, october th, :-:pm, at chandler su… 
we have to hold washington accountable when government officials spend money illegally or improperly.   we worked a… 
#az students: interested in attending a service academy? applications for a nomination are due friday! visit our… 
"if you're on medicare, it's time to give your coverage a yearly checkup."  arizona seniors:  medicare open enr… 
we took our boots to books event to  yesterday to help improve education and job training opportuni… 
no one wins a trade war. we worked across the aisle to introduce a bill to roll back harmful tariffs that hurt ariz… 
icymi:  highlighted our work to help communities like buckeye battle invasive salt cedars. we worked… 
october is domestic violence awareness month. we led the effort to reauthorize the violence against women act in … 
honoring our commitment to veterans is our top priority. we cosponsored the va mission act to help improve va care… 
in this month’s grants newsletter: information on grants to improve rural hospitals, research diabetes and obesity… 
we're hosting #bootstobooks with  to bring together student vets and administrators from across the st… 
. highlighted the challenges many rural arizonans face getting access to high-speed internet. our bi… 
seniors: medicare open enrollment starts today and runs through december th. check out our medicare open enrollmen… 
we're hosting #bootstobooks with  to bring together student vets and administrators from across the st… 
az students: the deadline for entering this year's congressional app challenge is tomorrow! submit your app here: 
happy birthday to the ! #navybday 
#az students: interested in #computerscience or #stem? just a few days left to enter the congressional app challeng… 
arizonans expect our leaders to get things done. despite all the chaos in washington, we worked across the aisle an… 
icymi: we heard from tempe residents and  on what they need to keep our communities safe. we're working… 
happy birthday to the u.s. ! 
we took our jobs tour to scottsdale yesterday to hear from  employees. we discussed our work to bring mo… 
today is #worldmentalhealthday. last month, we worked across the aisle to strengthen behavioral health resources fo… 
today: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours, :-:pm, at devonshire senior center ( e. dev… 
september highlights: we introduced a bill to expand broadband access in rural az, passed legislation to crack down… 
phoenix: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, october , :-:pm, devonshire senio… 
#az students: just one week left to enter the congressional app challenge! register for the challenge today, then s… 
we're hosting #bootstobooks with  to bring together student vets and administrators from across the st… 
icymi:  board of supervisors endorsed our bipartisan plan to bring fast, reliable broadband internet… 
phoenix: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, october , :-:pm, at devonshire se… 
last week, we took another important step in our fight to stop human trafficking. we worked across the aisle to pas… 
we heard from servicemembers &amp; their families from  on the challenges military families face. we're working… 
we’re committed to helping every #azvet get a great education. we heard from student veterans on the challenges the… 
arizonans will depend more and more on  as our region continues to grow. we worked across the aisle… 
yesterday, i joined tempe residents and  for “coffee with a cop.” we’re working across the aisle to str… 
icymi: az is home to creative, bold entrepreneurs and the hardest workers you’ll ever find. that’s why we’re one of… 
when an az girl’s identity was stolen, it took her family years to get the help they needed from . a… 
these results are unacceptable. we demand better for az veterans.  today, i called on the va to finally fix the pro… 
#az students: interested in #computerscience or #stem? just two weeks left to enter the congressional app challenge… 
pima community college helps thousands of arizona students get the skills they need for a good-paying job. we're wo… 
great seeing arizonans at our weekly #azcoffee! visiting dc? call our office: -- 
october is domestic violence awareness month. if you or someone you know needs help, please contact  or call… 
. is one of the fastest growing cities in az. we're working together to ensure surprise has the infrastr… 
every az kid deserves a great education. that's why we helped protect billions in funding for az schools. we know t… 
today is gold star mother's day. we honor mothers who have lost a son or daughter in the service of our country. 
our team was honored to celebrate the life of lt. frank luke jr., a decorated wwi fighter pilot, phoenix native, an… 
we helped az seniors protect themselves from financial fraud at our #seniorsafe event in ahwatukee. couldn't attend… 
happy #nationalvfwday! thank you to  for your service and dedication to our veterans. 
passed! today, our bipartisan bill to help combat the opioid crisis passed the house. our legislation reduces overp… 
air tankers belong in the air, protecting az communities and supporting our first responders, not on the tarmac awa… 
i said i would work across the aisle to make tax reform a better deal for az families. last year’s tax bill failed… 
we served #az residents at #mobileofficehours in phoenix. couldn't attend? call us for help: --. 
today: come learn how to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our #seniorsafe act: identity theft pro… 
tomorrow: come learn how to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our #seniorsafe act: identity theft… 
amidst all the chaos in washington, we’re getting results for arizona families. this week, we worked across the ais… 
#az students: interested in attending a service academy? applications for a nomination are due in one month! visi… 
credit freezes are now free for arizonans thanks to a bill we helped pass! a credit freeze is a valuable tool to pr… 
today: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, devonshire senio… 
icymi: we heard from seniors at la siena about the importance of protecting the benefits they worked hard to earn.… 
watch: no arizona family should have to go through what jill and her daughter experienced. we took action to ensure… 
tomorrow: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, devonshire se… 
our servicemembers deserve the best possible care and support when they return home.  - phoenix provides… 
thursday: come learn how to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our #seniorsafe act: identity theft… 
get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, at devonshire senior ce… 
every year i’ve served in congress, we’ve brought together republicans and democrats during #suicideawarenessmonth… 
the 's  deploys overseas today. please join me in thanking these brave citizen soldiers an… 
#az students: interested in #computerscience or #stem? we're accepting submissions for the congressional app challe… 
we're working across the aisle to expand high speed broadband internet and bring better, more affordable health car… 
new: today, the president signed a bill we helped pass to support our servicemembers and veterans. the new law prov… 
after hearing jill’s story, we went to work to make sure no family dealing with child id theft goes through what he… 
 : thank you  for recognizing our dedication to our veterans. your partnership and advocacy on behalf of our veterans…
women &amp; children are counting on congress to preserve the protections &amp; resources in the #violenceagainstwomenact.… 
on national #powmia recognition day, we honor and remember the thousands of american servicemembers who haven't yet… 
seniors: come learn how to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our #seniorsafe act: identity theft p… 
nonprofits are on the front lines of the fight against human trafficking, working with victims, collecting crucial… 
thank you to the az seniors who came to our town hall yesterday. arizonans are worried that washington dysfunction… 
. is doing important work to address the challenges arizona veterans face as a result of homelessness. we… 
congratulations to  on their th-consecutive year as the most innovative school in the nation! we're working wi… 
thinking of captain mark boulanger's family, friends, and fellow firefighters today. thank you for your lifetime of… 
easy fast to all arizonans observing yom kippur this evening.
for many veterans, homeownership is the cornerstone of the american dream. we’re working across the aisle to help… 
get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, at devonshire senior ce… 
happy birthday to the ! we're proud over , brave airmen call arizona home. 
september is national service dog month. we helped reunite #az's spc. joshua tucker with his army service dog, el… 
#az students: less than one month left to enter the congressional app challenge! register here asap, then submit… 
hearing from arizonans at our #azcoffee is the best part of our week! visiting dc? call our office: --. 
ahwatukee: come learn how to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our #seniorsafe act: identity theft… 
we heard from az health care providers that broadband is critical to their ability to provide quality care. our acc… 
arizona's public lands and our outdoor economy depend on the land and water conservation fund. we're working with… 
today marks the start of #hispanicheritagemonth! check out these events around the valley hosted by : 
in this month’s grants newsletter: information on grants to expand access to health information, improve undergradu… 
. is critical to our national security and supports thousands of jobs in the west valley. we're working wit… 
caring for our veterans is one of our most important obligations. we updated  department of arizona on the va… 
last night, we brought together members of both parties to address veteran suicide. watch:  #suicidepreventionmonth
  hi  - please call our office at --. our casework team may be able to help. - staff
our team is wearing orange for #hungeractionday. we're working to protect nutrition programs and assist the  in … 
thank you members of both parties who came together this evening to raise awareness of veteran suicide. we'll keep… 
thank you  for joining our bipartisan effort to raise awareness of veteran suicide. #suicidepreventionmonth
thank you  for joining our bipartisan effort to raise awareness of veteran suicide. #suicidepreventionmonth
thank you  for joining our bipartisan effort to raise awareness of veteran suicide. #suicidepreventionmonth
thank you  for joining our bipartisan effort to raise awareness of veteran suicide. #suicidepreventionmonth
thank you  for joining our bipartisan effort to raise awareness of veteran suicide. #suicidepreventionmonth
today and every day, we stand with military families who have lost a loved one to the recurring tragedy of suicide.… 
we challenge the va, the department of defense, and our fellow lawmakers to join us in confronting the tragedy of v… 
every year, we have brought together republicans and democrats to draw attention to veteran suicide and send a clea… 
september is #suicidepreventionmonth. americans across the country take time to raise awareness about the tragedy o… 
live: we're bringing members of both parties together to raise awareness of veteran suicide and send a clear messag… 
when jane and her family fled a domestic abuser, the violence against women act helped keep her safe. now, we're wo… 
 years ago, the violence against women act became law. in , we worked across the aisle to reauthorize #vawa a… 
#az students: interested in #computerscience or #stem? we're now accepting submissions for the congressional app ch… 
august highlights: heard from local business leaders at , worked with providers and law enforcement… 
today: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, devonshire senio… 
today, we honor the heroes of / and remember those who lost their lives  years ago. 
#az students: interested in attending a service academy? applications are due next month. visit our website for d… 
icymi: when we found out a local veteran hadn't received the medals he earned in vietnam, we stepped in to help. we… 
l'shanah tovah to arizonans celebrating rosh hashanah!
luke air force base, its servicemembers, and its mission are essential to our national security. i’m proud to have… 
get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, devonshire senior cente… 
we're working with  to lower health care costs and protect arizona farmers from harmful, job-killing tariffs. 
we're working with  mayor coral evans to reduce traffic congestion and invest in infrastructure pro… 
a reckless trade war hurts arizona farmers and puts thousands of jobs at risk. we updated the arizona cotton grower… 
hearing from those on the frontlines is critical to our work to combat the opioid epidemic. that’s why i sat down w… 
we're working with  to ensure all arizonans with pre-existing conditions, including the ,+ ari… 
new bill: we’re working across the aisle with  to bring better, more affordable health care to rural c… 
new: we’re introducing a resolution with  requesting nato name its new headquarters after senator john… 
our team helped servicemembers and veterans at '  military/veteran women’s expo. we’re committed to help… 
get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours wednesday, september , :-:pm, at devonshire senior ce… 
new: today, we passed the empowering students through enhanced financial counseling act to ensure arizona students… 
the hit is a harmful tax that could cost arizona families nearly $ a year. we led the effort to #stopthehit from… 
if political appointees use taxpayer money for illegal perks, they should pay it back. we’re working across the ais… 
september is suicide prevention awareness month. we cosponsored and passed a bipartisan bill to make the national s… 
icymi: we met with base commanders, servicemembers, and  at luke air force base. i've supported luke’… 
we've heard from too many families across arizona who have lost a loved one to the opioid epidemic. we brought toge… 
i look forward to working with senator kyl on behalf of our great state in the coming months. while no one can ever… 
a new report says more than  million children will have their identities stolen this year. earlier this year, we p… 
“[w]e have always had so much more in common with each other than in disagreement. if only we remember that... we'l… 
happy labor day, arizona! 
 years ago today, wwii came to an end. thank you to the thousands of brave americans who sacrificed for our freed… 
happy  day! thank you to the brave men and women of the arizona national guard whose service and sa… 
we met with  phoenix field office director enrique lucero today and discussed ice's critical functions that… 
when we found out a local veteran hadn't received the medals he earned in vietnam, we stepped in to help. we were h… 
on our jobs tour, we joined startups and entrepreneurs at . we’re helping az startups grow and hire by: -… 
couldn’t agree more. ❤️ 
what a privilege to honor ’s life this morning in phoenix. may we all strive to live up to his unwave… 
it was an honor to listen to arizona friends speak at the arizona capitol about  and the mark his lif… 
 years ago today, dr. martin luther king, jr. delivered his 'i have a dream' speech at the march on washington. 
#az students: interested in attending a service academy? applications for a nomination are due in two months! vis… 
happy birthday to the ! earlier this year, we worked to stop huge fee increases and keep our nation… 
today, we heard from local business leaders at ’ monthly breakfast about what they need to build, ex… 
keeping arizonans safe is our highest priority. today, i joined air force secretary heather wilson at luke air forc… 
yesterday we heard from arizona law enforcement on the challenges they're facing. we’re working across the aisle to… 
#az students: interested in attending a service academy? applications are open now. visit our website for details: 
honoring our commitment to veterans and servicemembers is our most important responsibility. recently, we had a cha… 
when washington red tape threatened to cost arizona taxpayers millions, we stepped in to help. we worked across the… 
there are devastating fires burning across the country &amp; we need more, not fewer, air tankers in service. if a majo… 
our team joined  for their  congressional conference on space innovation. we're working to support asu's … 
congress has just  days to reauthorize the land and water conservation fund.   az's parks, lands, and outdoor eco… 
,+ arizona jobs are supported by international trade. arizonans can't afford a reckless trade war that puts m… 
chandler-based manufacturer armorworks keeps our troops safe with their cutting-edge technology and provides good-p… 
when political appointees spend your tax dollars on personal perks, they should have to pay it back. our… 
our team heard from az cotton farmers that costly tariffs and the broken immigration system hurt their operations.… 
meet liam, an #az service academy appointee,  cadet and future  officer. considering a serv… 
icymi: we brought together health, law enforcement, and addiction experts to address the opioid crisis in az. we ne… 
we served #az residents at #mobileofficehours in ahwatukee. couldn't attend? call us for help: --. 
 :   thank you so much for trying to keep our fire protection secure. you are an az blessing. stanle…
icymi: we're demanding answers on the shortage of critical air tankers from . if a major fire breaks… 
worked with experts, providers, and law enforcement today to find solutions to combat the opioid crisis in our stat… 
ahwatukee: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours today, :-:pm, at pecos community center (… 
we worked across the aisle to protect prop  funding for arizona students.  great news! the program has already s… 
thank you to the  and the hundreds of brave arizona firefighters assisting our neighbors as they co… 
chandler's armorworks uses innovative technology to keep our troops safe. we're working with armorworks to ensure o… 
#otd in , president franklin delano roosevelt signed the social security act into law. we're working to strengt… 
on #navajocodetalkersday, join me in thanking the navajo code talkers, whose bravery and unbreakable codes helped w… 
support servicemembers transitioning to civilian life by ensuring they receive quality financial literacy training… 
keep az communities safe from dangerous wildfires by requiring the department of defense to determine what assets,… 
combat isis and other terrorist organizations by improving our strategy to cut off these groups' financing; (/)
we passed the john s. mccain national defense authorization act, which became law today. the new law gives our troo… 
ahwatukee: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours thursday, august , :-:pm, at pecos communit… 
we connected arizona caregivers with elder law resources at our planning ahead workshop. couldn't attend? call our… 
updated our veterans advisory council on the va mission act &amp; blue water navy vietnam veterans act of . our vac… 
ahwatukee: get help with federal agencies at #mobileofficehours thursday, august , :-:pm, at pecos communit… 
i was proud to work across the aisle with  to protect billions in prop  funds for our kids' educat… 
icymi: we brought together az health care leaders to find solutions that improve health care for everyday arizonans… 
this week, we heard from health care providers and patient advocates on how to fix our broken health care system. w… 
july highlights: heard from az seniors at friendship village &amp; beatitudes on the importance of protecting social se… 
breaking: if an aggressive wildfire was burning in az today, it’s likely  would have no air support t… 
retaliatory tariffs put millions of dollars in az exports and , arizona jobs at risk. this reckless trade war… 
today: join us at devonshire senior center ( e. devonshire ave.) at :am for our latest caregiver workshop,… 
for more than  years, medicare has helped ensure arizona seniors can enjoy a healthy and secure retirement. last… 
updated the phoenix electrical joint apprenticeship training center on our work to strengthen #cte programs. last m… 
tomorrow: join us at devonshire senior center ( e. devonshire ave.) at :am to hear from an elder law attorn…   : "the office of consoler-in-chief is vacant right now in america," says democratic rep. eric swalwell about president trump.…
healthcare isn’t partisan. everyone needs it. nobody should go broke for it. #protectourcare #beavoter 
my hope for america’s future is rooted in the next generation. if they show up with the same vigor that they have s… 
 : democrats have never lacked for programs. what’s been missing is a unifying vision. for , it’s restoring “the…
  no kitten!
 : congressman steve king’s recent comments, actions, and retweets are completely inappropriate. we must stand up against…
 why so angry bud? have a great day. and don’t forget to vote! 🇺🇸
 thanks for following and retweeting! 🇺🇸
put this in perspective.  is willing to delete a passage from the constitution to target people who… 
the pain of saturday’s #synagogueshooting persists. what’s so hard to accept is that with growing anti-semitism thr… 
 : shep smith on the migrant caravan: "there is no invasion. no one is coming to get you. there is nothing at all to worry abo…
come together, america. this is who we are. #synagogueshooting 
 i be like 
just met with local sikh leaders in #fremont, california. one leader told me “our temples are open to everyone. we… 
  i think you meant “your” party. have a nice night.
 
we can still do both tho, right? #vote 
 weeks ago i worked with  for this  cover on “guns in america.” it hit mailboxes yesterday as americans… 
the president just blamed the #pittsburghshooting synagogue for the parishioners it lost. “they should have had an… 
there’s no refuge from #gunviolence in america. not at your kids’ school &amp; not at your house of worship. let’s mour… 
health care decoder for my gop colleagues: if you voted to repeal the affordable care act you voted to charge patie… 
  nah. no one is beyond redemption. and if he doesn’t get it right, our redemption com… 
    where were you? i condemned, immediately, the attack on my opponent.
 nah. it’s not war. it’s democracy. the “freedom experiment” as our founders called it. we are all amer… 
 : just brought a -day old girl home from the hospital. on the ride i saw a homeless man making a bed under a bridge. he, to…
we all make mistakes. and no one is beyond redemption. i would forgive &amp; commend       if he acknow… 
just brought a -day old girl home from the hospital. on the ride i saw a homeless man making a bed under a bridge.… 
if you are dismissing these #mailbombs as a dem plot, take a deep breath, step back, &amp; don’t be so pessimistic abou… 
 great point, corn! and, turns out, the russians had actually stolen hrc emails. what us person knew this fact before george?
 : i make no apologies for covering clinton's irresponsible use of a private email server for official business, including…
i joined this  cover to be a voice in congress for the students who have told me their right to learn, go home… 
 but someone is working on those tax cuts, right? 
 
terror will not stop democracy or deter the free press. thank you to the police and fire officials on the ground —… 
narrator: they totally will not 
 : looking at early voting lines across america and i don’t see any mobs. but i see moms. lots of moms. #yearofthewoman #vote
this 👇🏼 
  remember when he was so skeptical he tanked trump’s supreme court pick?
 : are the midterms secure? find out this thursday in dc as , , and former homeland security advisor…
listen to nelson. #vote 
 who cares what color their shirt is. just #vote!
looking at early voting lines across america and i don’t see any mobs. but i see moms. lots of moms. #yearofthewoman #vote
twitter, i can’t. 
that middle class tax cut should have come first, not as an election eve promise.  &amp;  had… 
don’t let your voices be silenced by . overwhelm the vote. move your feet from the town halls and t… 
all levels of government and law enforcement are watching carefully for corruption during your presidency. cheat at… 
this election is too important to sit it out. register and vote. america is better when we all #showup. 
 thank you. we need each other right now. we can change this.
  don’t demote me and call me senator 🙃
no taxes &amp; small government is a philosophy. not one i agree with, but i get it — after all, nearly my whole family… 
where is the body? #khashoggi’s family deserve immediate custody of the remains as they seek some measure of closur… 
this #russia indictment tells us two things: ) the russians are as determined — and emboldened — as ever to again… 
met with local transportation leaders. they laid out what america could have built with the $. trillion given to… 
i believe in the rule of law. not mob rule.  just tweeted the same sentiment. you’re with me on this, r… 
“i’m president and you’re not” —  to . i’ve thought a lot about this arrogant, but acc… 
he likes guys who harm reporters. home and abroad. 
 : wonder if any other dems will take this route: ca  has released a report on how the trump tax bill will specifi…
if someone was killed in your home, while you were in it, and  days later you’re still trying to come up with an… 
 : good ideas from . if dems take both h and s in nov  (unlikely), trump’s veto of this anti-corruption measure…
he’s avoided combat zones his whole life. 
 : "any person that tries to stare down bob mueller always ends up blinking" -    on reports michael cohen gav…
hung out w/ , a #parkland survivor. just a few mins into our chat, it became clear to me that while h… 
 : great meeting over at ’s office! great public servant and great fella. he also has soda pop available to any…
 : “he has no moral compass. he likes people who like him. he likes people who invest in them. and guess what, i just described…
narrator:  “he has financial interests.” 
he talks real tough to countries that don’t invest in him. 
how close is #electionday? it will be here before your milk goes bad. if you’re not registered you can sign-up at… 
stepping back from what it means that the us president seems perfectly ok with the saudis killing a journalist...a… 
 : "he has no moral compass."  on trump's handling of kashoggi's death. #hardball
 : and ,  join for the latest developments on jamal khashoggi. #hardball
and that denial  said “could not have been stronger?” our president gets played daily by world lead… 
 : “i didn’t hear an innocent man talking to leslie stahl there," says , of president trump's appearance on  mi…
my top transportation priority at home is bringing a rail connection b/w tri-valley and san joaquin valley. i’m exc… 
three cheers tonight to a free press.  put the screws to  on #russia, #khashoggi, and… 
 i don’t! but thanks for thinking of me 😀
leaders are measured by where they stood on questions of morality. general lee sided with slavery. lincoln sided wi… 
in disasters, we have the milk carton president. in the aftermath of #hurricanemichael, nearly a million are withou… 
    
on #khashoggi:  ) the us should not send anyone to saudi’s ‘davos in the desert’;  )  should issu… 
every person matters. anthony’s struggle is one any of us could find ourselves in. 
 thank you for sharing
trump and his pals don’t want you to vote. they’ve done nothing to stop russians from interfering and here at home… 
america’s path forward — out of trump hell — is not trashing kanye. it’s fighting for working people. people who be… 
america needed this today. thank you! 
  you wouldn’t have won if i’d beaten you.
yogi berra. “’ing is like tweeting all over again.” 
it’s thursday. most americans will work tomorrow. but you’re riding in a “senators only” elevator, so it’s not surp… 
  day of reckoning?
which country? 
last night,  went to a political rally while millions suffered from #hurricanemichael. what do you… 
“we had thousands of people lined up”  says on . foolishly, i give trump benefit of t… 
 : taylor swift: the amas "are voted on by the people. and you know what else is voted on by the people? it's the midterm el…
there is a gang of “tough trump talkers” who love to feign disappointment with trump but vote with him every single… 
corker. eye roll. talks a good game but always walks the trump line. he is incapable of standing up and speaking ou… 
 : if you’re struggling, take the time you need today for self-care and reach out to someone you trust. help is available, a…
as much as snake oil is a “hidden cure.” 
 : a republican "take 'em at their word" investigation: "did you collude? no? great! all right, next witness!" …
team of cheats. up and down campaign, they sought to cheat:  asked for more russia hacking,… 
 nah. i just want the country you and i love so much to come together.
   thank you?
 : "though incomplete due to republican obstruction, our investigation did reveal worrisome contacts between the russians and…
 : mansplainers gonna ‘splain, ‘splain, ‘splain, ‘splain, ‘splain 
 dividing the country for calling out some guy who says “you don’t know what you’re talking about” to a w… 
 : great piece on trump tower/alfa bank server in the new yorker. hopefully will get people to take another look. “this is…
 i do. unless it misses its mark. then it’s an intern.
 jesus’s parable of the good samaritan. one always worth remembering.
mansplainers gonna ‘splain, ‘splain, ‘splain, ‘splain, ‘splain 
a few weeks ago i made the mistake of taking my #kavanaugh frustration out on senator susan collins. that was wrong… 
this sounds familiar:  . gop operative  . seeking hillary’s emails during ‘ campaign . sought to work w/ russi… 
under a month to go before #electionday — /. if this were football, we’d be hitting the two-minute warning. what… 
 : "no one is above the law... we should know what he has done in the past."  –  on new york times story about presiden…
 it was great meeting you! let me know i if i can ever help.
 i hope she doesn’t vote yes. but she shouldn’t be singled out.
 did paul manafort write this for him?
when truth rings, you cannot unhear it. dr. ford spoke her truth. and it’s ringing. #believesurvivors
what rang of truth from dr. ford? a lot of it. but her description of #kavanaugh struggling to take her clothes off… 
i am not giving up on senator . i know his heart is open to the plight of a survivor. i’ve prosecuted sex… 
who could ignore this? these #kavanaugh classmates have nothing to gain by doing this and a lot to lose.  respectfu… 
america doesn’t look like this. or think like this. this is not us. #forthepeople 
guilty. and i feel really bad that didn’t happen this early morning. i’m just grateful i made the flight.… 
new york city might get that tunnel after all. 
you can thank two people for the fact you get to declare this: fred trump and  
 : . on trump’s comments on ford: it's disgusting that he would say that about any sexual assault victim, but w…
 : coming up on the show:   jeffrey ringel      …
 : watch:  spoke with  on the kavanaugh fbi investigation and dr. ford's ex-boyfriend's letter…
let’s go oakland! (expect this all day) #wildcardgame
 : coming up:  will join  at : am est #ninenoon 
guys, they messed with star wars. star wars. 
if  lied to you about how he became successful, how can you trust his plan to make you successful? #taxfraud
 : "the republicans could do this, but i promise you that if we win the house, we will do all the investigations they’ve been un…
americans should know if the president is a tax fraud.  should come clean and immediately release h… 
 : let’s never think it’s normal for a man to treat a woman — or anyone — the piggish way  talked to the bay…
let’s never think it’s normal for a man to treat a woman — or anyone — the piggish way  talked to t… 
 year ago, a man with an arsenal of military-style weapons committed the nation's deadliest-ever mass shooting, ki… 
why are we importing #cannabis from canada for research while the  isn’t acting on more than two dozen u.s. c… 
 ?
 : “if anything comes out of the courage that dr. ford has shown, i hope that more survivors feel that they can come forward,…
 : “if this is a limited investigation capped by directives from the president, then it won’t fulfill what i think senator fla…
narrator: he watched it 
 very sorry to hear this. she deserves the same respect that every sexual assault victim should receive. #believesurvivors
the trump fix is already in. 
 : now it’s time to hear from judge brett kavanaugh (matt damon). #snlpremiere 
laughter is still the best medicine. excited for tonight’s  premiere. #snl
a stirring and powerful account from . it’s not her fault. it’s no survivors’ fault. 
i’d bring charts. lots of pictures. 
 : thank you  and  for cosponsoring our #dcstatehood bill as we close in on % house democratic…
on november , i will #vote
 : whatever happened to statesmanship? 
 : rep. eric swalwell says that brett kavanaugh would have to be the “single unluckiest person in the world for these people to con…
 : american bar association tells senate: delay kavanaugh until fbi investigates assault allegations - cnnpolitics https://…
 : small lies matter, even about yearbooks. from the standard jury instruction: “if a witness is shown knowingly to have testified…
by most accounts, the ‘ anita hill hearing for justice thomas was a disgrace. the story of america is progress. o… 
there may be two stories at the #kavanaughhearings, but there’s only one version of the truth.
%   #believesurvivors
the rule of law is under attack by a wrecking-ball president. special counsel robert mueller has made great progres… 
rings of truth. nothing to gain. nothing to hide. #believesurviviors
 : on #outnumberedot,   said he wants to slow down supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh's confirmation process so th…
  but i like you, julie. none of us are without worth. god bless.
 : rep. eric swalwell says that brett kavanaugh would have to be the “single unluckiest person in the world for these people to con…
 : new:  responds to breaking news of th kavanaugh allegation.  "the arrows are pointing in the same directio…
 : .: “if these allegations are true, this person's disqualified from being a supreme court justice. if they're not t…
say it to russia, too, mr. president. but you won’t. they’re helping you. how about we all agree no outside foreign… 
 : if mitch mcconnell was in charge of :  dispatcher: , what’s your emergency?  victim: help — my house is being burgla…
if mitch mcconnell was in charge of :  dispatcher: , what’s your emergency?  victim: help — my house is being… 
if the senate gop want to treat dr. ford’s testimony like she’s in a courtroom, they should point all of us to a co… 
elections have consequences, and the stakes are high. don’t sit democracy out: make sure you, your family, and your… 
just leaving this here. 
judge #kavanaugh had the luxury of actual gop senators helping him with mock question and answer sessions before he… 
jokes. he’s got jokes. 
 : black teens are treated like adults years before they should be while white teens are treated like children years after they sho…
 : lisa murkowski told reporters that an fbi investigation into the allegations against kavanaugh "would sure clear up all t…
updated for :  it’s not their fault. it’s not their fault. it’s not their fault. it’s not their fault.… 
 : members of congress, here’s what i hope you'll be tweeting today: “today marks the one year anniversary of muslim ban .,…
fearlessness and fortitude against all threats. it’s not fair. but she persists. 
 all i’ve advocated for is to conduct an investigation.
a lot of gop senators are unfairly holding #kavanaugh victims to criminal law standards for their accounts. if that… 
firing or pushing out #rosenstein is the same as doing it to mueller. make this move , and you will… 
house intel democrats searched to investigate what  meticulously lays out here. but at every request,… 
as a nd #kavanaugh victim comes forward, the dc buzz shifts back to “what will senators collins and murkowski do?”… 
i’d be honored to work with these folks any day. 
 : . (ca-) worked a shift at a livermore, california convenience store for his latest "#inyourshoes” busines…
 : my latest op ed:  “i was sexually assaulted as a teen. here’s why i didn’t report.”  it took me  years to tell anyone.…
 i think it’s probably more about making sure senators are personally accountable for the questions an… 
conceal. deny. lie. disclose (when all other options exhausted). that is the arc of the trump team and truth when i… 
 : as we have said,  attacks on our character and demeaning comments about the fbi will not deter agents from continuing t…
 : it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it…
i better call my brothers. 
 : i waited over  years to report my sexual abuser. because i was . because it was my hero. because it was my priest.…
 
so the president should believe these anonymous new york times sources. but none of the others? got it. 
whether the rosenstein story is true or not, we can’t rely on the president’s administration invoking the… 
 i’m so sorry that happened to you. and it’s painful to read that it’s happened more than once. i hope… 
it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fault. it’s not her fa… 
ummm, they’re “jack erwin.”  bought them at nordstrom rack for $. well, my wife did. but she’ll love that you thi… 
dread-eye. 
 i think  does it best. check out his.
pray for these officers. 
 i deleted it because it was wrong.
 : we’re in the senate hart building with hundreds of women, femmes, and allies to say #ibelievechristine. …
winner! i worked #inyourshoes as a convenience store clerk in #livermore and we sold a $, scratch-off ticket. t…  this is a blatantly unconstitutional act that’s driven purely by xenophobic and anti-immigrant political motivation… 
congress has a moral responsibility to denounce anti-semitism and condemn this hate crime against the jewish commun… 
i‘m heartbroken for the jewish community in pittsburgh and the victims of the shooting at the tree of life synagogu… 
go eagles! #worldseries  
thank you to the congressional staffers who joined my office for a day of service at the vietnam veterans memorial!… 
🆕  report estimates that more than ,, californians with pre-existing conditions may lose prote… 
as we learn more about the attempted attacks against the clintons, pres. obama, , cnn, and others, i’m… 
 : today is the last day to register to vote in california before the election on november .   elections have consequences…
today is the last day to register to vote in california before the election on november .   elections have consequ… 
denying the humanity of trans and gender non-conforming people is yet another misguided and harmful attack on the l… 
 : 📣attention  students📣   the th annual pathways to college &amp; career readiness conference is this saturday, /…
how i feel after earning a % on the #hrcscorecard for my commitment to protect and advance the rights of lgbtq p… 
hypocrisy hy·poc·ri·sy /həˈpäkrəsē/  noun the practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs to which one'… 
students who have fallen victim to fraud by for-profit colleges have waited far too long.  today’s court ruling is… 
this is an important victory for students! we must continue to oppose ’s anti-student agenda.… 
 sam, please contact our district office at -- on monday morning.
🚨attention all jurupa unified school district students🚨  my office is partnering with state  and state… 
don’t let the trump administration’s gaslighting tactics make you forget about the cruelty of their immigration pol… 
as the st openly gay person of color elected to congress, i'm lifting the voices of the lgbtq community and fighti… 
many americans would be shocked to learn that there are veterans who are being deported after serving honorably. co… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
acics has granted accreditation to low-performing, predatory institutions that engaged in risky and fraudulent beha… 
happy hispanic heritage month! as we honor the history, culture, and contributions of the hispanic community, let's… 
the senate vote to confirm judge brett kavanaugh to the supreme court will go down as a moral failure from the repr… 
“but we are united, as professors of law and scholars of judicial institutions, in believing that he did not displa… 
, flags were planted on the national mall to raise awareness about the veterans we have lost to suicide in … 
 : . speaks at today’s  rally about losing his uncle, a vietnam vet, to suicide. “we must act ... we must giv…
 : folks are joining from the street, planting flags, asking about veteran suicide. many civilians who had no idea of this pu…
 : first on ,  is endorsing  to lead  on the committee. walz is running…
this is a cruel and discriminatory attack on lgbtq diplomats and their families that ignores the realities and dang… 
in the dead of night, immigrant children are being transported to detention camps in the desert, where they have no… 
judge brett kavanaugh does not possess the impartiality required for a justice to be “fair and balanced” on the sup… 
i went to the hart senate building to thank the brave women who are sharing their stories, speaking out against inj… 
i believe dr. christine blasey ford. brett kavanaugh should not be confirmed to the supreme court of the united states.
as a former teacher, i want to remind  that our nation’s youth are watching all of this unfold. the alleg… 
to all survivors: i stand with you and i believe you.  today's hearing may be difficult to listen to, so please tak… 
. listen to  — this is not a trial. delay this confirmation hearing.   i stand with d… 
we are demanding justice for dr. christine blasey ford. #believesurvivors 
i just walked to  mcconnell’s office with  to demand that he delay this rushed confir… 
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
the rise in suicides among young veterans is incredibly alarming. tomorrow,  is holding a hearing o… 
ahead of tomorrow's testimony by dr. christine blasey ford in front of the senate judiciary committee, i joined… 
 : watch this and you’ll quickly see why we want  to be the next chair of the . …
we can ensure that every veteran can access their benefits and get the quality care they need by: ✔️ fighting again… 
bring it on. #npcbee 
your vote matters. get informed and make your voice heard this november!  on #nationalvoterregistrationday, make su… 
by working together, congress can help america keep the promises it made our veterans and ensure that every veteran… 
 : news: ranking member  and  are questioning whether the trump administration violated coal min…
congress can and must address the systemic barriers that lead to the wage gap.   asked members of congress w… 
another deported veteran is back home again. congratulations to mr. fabian rebolledo. congress must get to work to… 
i’m hosting a town hall tomorrow from  - : pm at jurupa valley high school. it’s not too late to rsvp. i hope t… 
as sunset approaches, i wish an easy fast to those observing #yomkippur in the inland empire and across the country. 
we gathered at the harada house to commemorate the landmark ruling that challenged discrimination in riverside. … 
i’m already practicing for this year’s  spelling bee. , , , and… 
congress is struggling to keep up with technological innovation. if we want to craft forward-thinking policy soluti… 
dr. christine blasey ford is very brave — she must be treated with respect and her story deserves to be heard. the… 
 : thank you to  for visiting  in riverside, ca! robust discussion about #cte &amp; the equipment indust…
so glad to hear that  is in good spirits after suffering a heart attack this morning. twitter, and our… 
as the veteran population is becoming increasingly diverse, it's crucial to ensure that va services can meet their… 
students, veterans, and consumer advocates are in strong opposition to the repeal of the gainful employment rule, w… 
 :   and #aatf remind you that we can all prevent suicide, during this suicide prevention week. visit …
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, veterans, and people with disabilities. we must protect, strength… 
every teacher in america deserves to be paid a living wage. 
a judge ruled that 's delay of the borrower defense rule is unlawful. this is an important victory for… 
the uninsured rate in california has fallen to a historic low. this is great news! since , . million californ… 
a chinese immigrant, a cal state university grad, a physician, a public health advocate, and now the president of p… 
mr. president, , americans died because of your administration’s inadequate response to hurricane maria in puer… 
communities of color across the country continue to be disproportionately affected by voter suppression efforts. th… 
let's pause to honor the lives of those we lost on / and remember the sacrifice of the brave first responders wh… 
rep. steve stivers of ohio and i joined forces to expand paid sick leave benefits to wounded warriors serving in me… 
risk for suicide among veterans is % higher than u.s. civilian adults. learn how we can all support veterans and… 
wishing a sweet and prosperous new year to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah tonight. l’shana tova! 
 : this! thank you  , for this passionate and on-the-mark description of how ’s deregulatory agenda i…
here you go, . maybe this can help solve the op-ed mystery. 
the real scandal is not my tan suit, it's 's agenda of de-regulation in favor of for-profit colleges.… 
the trump administration wants to withdraw from the flores agreement and detain immigrant children indefinitely. th… 
i’ve been told tan suits me. i guess it’s time for me to stop taking fashion advice from . 
i don’t care if brett kavanaugh is a good carpool driver. i care about #whatsatstake if he's confirmed to the supre… 
if congress doesn’t act to #protectdreamers, the fate of the daca program may eventually rest at the hands of the s… 
after last week’s federal court ruling in texas, daca remains in place and those eligible can continue applying for… 
one year ago,  made the cruel decision to end #daca – upending the lives of , dreamers in our… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
working americans deserve to earn a living wage, workplace protections, and a shot to rise up to the middle class.… 
tl;dr the trump administration and republicans in congress are advancing policies that favor the wealthy and corpor… 
with help from trump-appointed justice neil gorsuch, the supreme court delivered a devastating blow to public secto… 
. just cancelled a .% pay increase for federal employees —civil servants —who are working for the… 
democrats blocked a trump administration provision that would’ve allowed employers to pocket the tips of the worker… 
siding with companies over workers, the trump administration has overturned guidance that enforced compliance with… 
the trump administration thinks it’s legal for employers to fire someone for being gay. they argued that current la… 
. and  teamed up to release a “paid family leave plan” and it’s bad. working people shouldn’… 
women deserve equal pay for equal work. instead of working to close the wage gap, the trump administration destroye… 
the aca gave millions of working families access to health care, but  and  continue to attack it… 
republicans didn’t think twice about giving a $. trillion giveaway to rich people. now, they want to pay for the… 
the trump administration’s policies are fueling income inequality in america. the rich are getting richer. meanwhil… 
companies are buying back their own stock — with a record $ trillion in stock buybacks expected this year. but whi… 
. &amp;  passed the #goptaxscam, giving a massive $. trillion tax cut to millionaires, big corpora… 
it’s #laborday and  is claiming that he is helping american workers. that’s far from accurate. let'… 
i was honored to share the story of my great uncles who served in a segregated japanese-american fighting unit duri… 
ever since her yacht floated away,  has been spending her summer at the department of education destro… 
it's reprehensible for  to even consider a policy that would weaken protections for survivors of sexua… 
|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣|                      merrick               garland |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|               (\__/)    ||… 
🔥🔥🔥 resignation from the student loan watchdog: "[] has abandoned the very consumers it is tasked by congress… 
jacksonville, florida joins the long list of communities that have been struck by gun violence. like many of you, i… 
senator john mccain was as a proud patriot, an honest public servant, and a revered american hero. his principled l… 
senator john mccain is a warrior. i join the country in praying for him and the mccain family. 
this is a dangerous, out of touch proposal from . guns don’t belong in our schools. while the presiden… 
a fish rots from the head down. we must allow the special counsel investigation to continue. #followthefacts 
aretha franklin’s legacy is the quintessential american story—a story shaped by perseverance, passion, and a specia… 
i helped negotiate the #forevergibill &amp; made sure key provisions were included to restore benefits to veterans who… 
after visiting the victorville federal prison for a second time, i remain concerned about asylum seekers being held… 
i just left the adelanto detention facility where i met with an asylum seeker who is being detained there. he is fl… 
i'm visiting the adelanto detention facility &amp; the victorville federal correctional complex today. numerous reports… 
why must we fight republican attacks on social security? because it serves millions of families, including: ✅ . m… 
seeking asylum is not a crime, but the trump administration continues detaining asylum seekers in federal prisons.… 
. continues to slash regulations that hold for-profits accountable for failing to deliver on their pro… 
this administration couldn’t care less about students—all they seem to care about is helping for-profits get richer… 
workers aren't seeing their wages rise, college tuition is too expensive, our infrastructure is crumbling.  the tru… 
as students and teachers prepare to go back to school, here are some important reminders: -our classrooms need bett… 
being a millionaire and having a mar-a-lago membership doesn’t make you qualified to make decisions that affect our… 
on average, black women work  extra months to get paid what white men make in a year. congress can, and must, help… 
this #purpleheartday, i encourage you to honor and thank the veterans in your life and in your communities for thei… 
our democracy is made stronger when every american can exercise their right to vote. the voting rights act helped f… 
a system that tears families apart—including the families of those who bravely served our country—is a system that… 
we all have a right to breathe clean air. the trump administration continues to put polluters over people by launch… 
a judge temporarily blocked d gun blueprints from being published online. now congress needs to act to prevent dan… 
the anti-immigrant policies being enacted by president trump are based on nothing more than racism and fear. japane… 
 years after medicare and medicaid were signed into law, i remain committed to defending and strengthening these… 
hundreds of parents were deported before the reunification deadline, making it almost impossible for them to be reu… 
 : wise words about immigration policy in a letter i received from . 🇺🇸🗽 #familiesbelongtogether #proudconstituent…
i interviewed mrs. aiko herzig yoshinaga during graduate school. her wealth of knowledge was critical to helping me… 
a quality degree should not come with a mountain of debt. that's why  are introducing the #aimhigher… 
in  the lgbtq community still has to fend off attacks against our dignity. thankfully, lgbtq champions and alli… 
a budget reflects your values and your priorities. today, i am proud to help introduce the #peoplesbudget, a progre… 
her body, her choice.  that's why i #committoroe and will fight in congress to protect a woman's right to choose. n… 
i visited an orr facility this weekend and remain concerned about the pace of family reunifications. the trump admi… 
it is so important for corporate america to be inclusive of all customers and people in the workforce. creating spa… 
earlier today,  brought an amendment to the house floor to restore funding for election security and… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
the veterans providing healthcare transition improvement act passed the house with strong bipartisan support. this… 
if republicans in congress are truly concerned by the president's relationship with russia and putin, they should j… 
"no puppet" - then-candidate donald j. trump. he was putin's puppet then, and he's putin's puppet now. when will my… 
 : we are an information society with a congress that understands very little about the technology we use everyday. that’s…
i am heartbroken to hear of the passing of woodie rucker-hughes. she was a wonderful friend, an exceptional educato… 
i visited the victorville federal prison where asylum seekers and fathers who were separated from their children ar… 
 : watch the story of army veteran travis craig, who met with  to read his gi bill restoration letter after hi…
as if we needed more proof of the fact that president trump doesn't care about paying workers the wages they deserv… 
president trump was very clear when he said he would only nominate justices who would overturn roe v. wade. we must… 
a woman's right to choose, lgbtq+ rights, and health care for millions - this is #whatsatstake with the scotus vaca… 
immigrants have served in our armed services since the founding of the republic. they eagerly joined to lend their… 
 : do not get lost in a sea of despair. be hopeful, be optimistic. our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week, a mont…
i am appalled by this decision and will continue to work with my fellow house democrats to fully restore the rights… 
this - decision hinged on the vote of a justice appointed by president trump after republicans refused to even ho… 
when union membership began to fall in the early s, the share of national income earned by middle class america… 
by denying these unions the ability to collect “fair share fees” from non-members who nonetheless benefit from the… 
for more than  years, the ability of public sector unions to advocate on behalf of employees — both union and non… 
working families in america have been under attack since the day president trump took office, and the supreme court… 
i can’t say it more clearly. this is a #muslimban. we have been here before. we cannot give in to fear. we cannot g… 
the dissent notes the "stark parallels between the reasoning of this case and that of korematsu v. united states ..… 
in their dissent in trump v. hawaii, justices sotomayor and ginsburg recognized the grave parallels between today’s… 
#niflavbecerra allows so called crisis pregnancy centers to intentionally deceive women seeking information about t… 
deeply saddened by scotus’s decision to uphold trump’s #muslimban. we cannot give in to scapegoating and hysteria.… 
the horrors being inflicted on innocent children at the border echo one of the darkest periods in american history,… 
today we celebrate #juneteenth. on this day in  texas slaveholders were told the emancipation proclamation… 
 :  people at the inland empire #familiesbelongtogether rally in riverside, ca joined to say, "stop family separation" &amp;…
 : had a productive morning with the #congressionalwriterscaucus about #ihavetherightto &amp; how to better service survivors ho…
as the son of japanese americans who were interned during wwii, i'm appalled by the administration's horrifying act… 
 : today we hit the hill with our vso/mso partners to share why the #prosperact is a #goodbillbadschools  …
california higher ed leaders speak out: “we have significant concerns with many of the changes proposed in the pros… 
today i asked health and human services secretary  about why  broke his promise by proposin… 
i warned that the funding for the va mission act was unsustainable and offered an amendment to fix it to the house… 
#istandwithimmigrants and welcome all who seek a better life for themselves &amp; their families. most naturalized citi… 
to make smart policy around ai, quantum computing, and cybersecurity congress needs to do its homework.… 
today's ruling in the masterpiece case was narrow, but that doesn't make the rising tide of anti-lgbt discriminatio… 
today i #wearorange because more children have died from gun violence since sandy hook than american soldiers died… 
each year on #memorialday, we pause to honor the men and women of our armed services who have given their lives in… 
 : every student and every taxpayer should read this  editorial.  
happy that the house has included my amendment to create opportunities for #deaf americans in the armed services in… 
at today's hearing, i questioned  about changes to the borrower’s defense to repayment rule that would… 
 : . confronts  about conflicts of interest: "can you testify today that the [federal student…
now that  is finally appearing before the house education committee, i’ll be asking her tough question… 
. million veterans receive #snap benefits every year.  in  #vets on #snap have a service connected disability.… 
today i join people from around the world in speaking out against bias that harms the #lgbt community. no one shoul… 
unite to #savetheinternet - innovation has been a result of an open and fair internet. isp's will always try to giv… 
 : #michelleobama #reachhigherriverside #riversideinvitesmichelle     hey …
education secretary  has gutted the team investigating the abuses of for-profit colleges. she and… 
i taught  and  year old students in high school, and am greatly concerned by ’s plan to roll ba… 
honored to follow in the footsteps of dalip singh saund by representing the inland empire. his service is an inspir… 
 : save the date!  with  and the congressional  are proud to announce the  capitol…
by withdrawing from the #irandeal,  has put his own political concerns over america’s best interest… 
should i bring the bowtie back? #nationalteacherday #thankateacher 
one of my favorite things to do as a member of congress is meet with teachers and students in the inland empire. th… 
 : the business groups that met  on capitol hill today had a better chance to question the education secreta…
we must do all we can to protect public #highered. the gop prosper act would add an estimated $ million a year in… 
happy #collegesigningday to ca! i am proud to employ alumni from  ca public universities in my dc office and wel… 
 : thank you  &amp;  for your resolution reintroducing the office of technology assessment, which wa…
today, i was proud to introduce a resolution naming april  as international #chartday. at a time when we are cons… 
the va is one of america’s most important organizations.  president trump must eventually learn that the best way t… 
last night's court ruling on #daca forces the trump administration to answer a fundamental question: can it demonst… 
like any large organization, the va needs stability and continuity in leadership to succeed. the trump administrati… 
this amount of money, which the big banks saved in three months under the trump tax law, is enough to extend the ve…  far too many american families are unable to afford the drugs that their doctor prescribes. meanwhile #housegop con… 
i am horrified by today’s attack on yet another house of worship. my prayers are with the victims, their families a… 
thank you  for the kind words. true gender equity can only be achieved when we are all invested the… 
we will not be intimidated by today’s attack on public officials, free press, and private citizens. i applaud the h… 
these proposed changes are not only discriminatory, they are downright cruel. all americans deserve to live authent… 
california residents are now able to enroll for a  health insurance plan with covered california! the enrollmen… 
happy to talk with  student leaders and administrators about the importance of #daca. i will continue to f… 
 years and , volunteers later, the “border metamorphosis” mural will finally be unveiled to the public tomorro… 
a new report from the  reveals how irresponsible &amp; unprepared the trump administration was to implement its… 
congratulations to the ocean discovery institute on the grand opening of the living lab in city heights! living lab… 
denying diplomatic visas for same-sex partners is just another example of the administration’s bigoted and discrimi… 
our democracy is stronger when every american exercises their right to vote. it is not only our civic duty, it is o… 
looking for a ride? celebrate #freerideday by taking advantage of free public transit throughout san diego county a… 
thanks to the great work of federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies, san diego and chula vista police de… 
proud to represent such a beautiful and inclusive community. congratulations karl cruz! 
it was an honor to march w over a thousand women, survivors, &amp; allies to support dr. ford &amp; a future where no one h… 
i am in awe of her courage and strength to share her story with congress and with the american people. she provided… 
just like many of you, today i watched dr. christine blasey-ford offer her testimony to the senate judiciary commit… 
we #believesurvivors. proud to stand with leader pelosi and my democratic colleagues in support of dr. ford and all… 
🗣#imperialvalley students: don’t forget to stop by my u.s. service academy &amp; rotc fair tonight from -pm at imperial high school.
thank you to the calexico high school rotc cadets for their warm welcome last week. you always inspire me with your… 
change starts with you! this #nationalvoterregistrationday get informed and commit to #vote. learn more by visiting… 
to all the survivors who have come forward with their experiences, we are with you. to those who are not ready to c… 
fear of heights? not this crew. thank you  for your dedication to protecting our communities over the l… 
it has been a year since #hurricanemaria’s landfall, but our fellow americans in #puertorico and #usvirginislands a… 
thousands of potentially lifesaving drugs are being severely hampered because of a lack of funding. … 
devastating news coming from the philippines and surrounding area. praying for all those affected by the storm and… 
this morning, i was joined by calexico rotc cadets to invite all #imperialvalley students to my u.s. service academ… 
don’t miss  san diego agency’s passport day on /! ✈️🌎you’ll be able to renew or apply for a u.s. passp… 
before heading back home i stopped by  to chat with my friend . be sure to catch our conve… 
the service academy nomination deadline is fast approaching, but my office is here to help! join us for my u.s. ser… 
another disturbing move from the president to prioritize separating &amp; detaining families rather than ensuring our c… 
// is a day our country will never forget. in the face of terror, americans everywhere stepped forward w/ cour… 
. &amp; i demand answers regarding the death of mariee, a toddler who died shortly after being released… 
icymi: the deadline to register for  is monday! middle &amp; high school students from #ca are encour… 
wishing all my friends in chula vista a very happy #lgbtq day! my staff was thrilled to celebrate with you at the… 
the trump administration has reached a new low in seeking to end the #floressettlement. i can promise you, detainin… 
#daca finally gave #dreamers the opportunity to step forward and fully contribute to society. i stand with dreamers… 
a year ago, president trump terminated the #daca program, putting nearly , young people at risk of deportatio… 
the u.s. house of representatives is back in session! after a productive recess, i am ready to continue to work wit… 
today we recognize the strong men and women who have fought and continue to fight for workers’ rights all across ou… 
sen. mccain understood the many ways dreamers strengthen our country. he defended them and #daca time after time. w… 
my statement on the passing of senator john mccain: 
arming our educators will not make our schools safer. the u.s. department of education should be funding ways to be… 
our dreamers represent the very best of our american values. we cannot allow for this administration to fail them.… 
#daca continues to strengthen our communities by allowing thousands to further their education, to work, and to live without fear. (/)
for the last  years, the #daca program has changed the lives of , young people across our country. (/)
today, we celebrated the opening of pedeast at the san ysidro land port of entry. pedeast will add  pedestrian la… 
¡atención dreamers! actualmente aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso #daca. si cumples con los requisit… 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
it is always encouraging to see our communities and local law enforcement come together to strengthen and build rel… 
the chula vista bayfront project will benefit our entire region by creating more than , permanent jobs and a r… 
 out of  americans believe women should have access to reproductive care and be trusted to make decisions that a… 
i am pleased to hear that my friend and colleague rep. john lewis has been released from the hospital and is recove… 
it is shameful that the trump administration has failed to reunite separated children with their parents. this admi… 
sadly, no progress was made during our meeting with dhs secretary kristjen nielsen. her responses were vague and un… 
unaccompanied minors and migrant adults, currently being detained at some border patrol stations, are being subject… 
celebrating the grand opening of mountain health family medicine in campo, ca. i am pleased that this facility will… 
                      makes your wonder what putin has on trump.
trump continues to put the interests of putin before those of our country by refusing to hold russia accountable fo… 
celebrating the commencement of #pride weekend with the spirit of stonewall rally! hope everyone enjoys the festivi… 
pleased my amendment - assessing russia's use of virtual currencies to finance threats against the us - was include… 
the lighting of st. paul's episcopal cathedral in rainbow colors for the interfaith pride celebrations. happy… 
., it's not illegal to seek refuge in the us and your administration should not punish families tha… 
, it's not illegal to seek refuge in the us and your administration should not punish families that… 
it is a disgrace that the trump administration has failed to meet the deadline to reunite children with their paren… 
i'm accepting submissions for my th annual cover photo competition! submit your best photo of southern san diego o… 
as we celebrate our freedoms, we thank the brave men and women who serve our country. let’s continue working to mak… 
this year marked the st annual stand down hosted by the veterans village of san diego. thank you to the volunteer… 
last week, the find trafficking act passed unanimously in the house and  introduced the senate compa… 
when i visited immigration detention centers, the children i spoke to all wanted one thing: to see their moms. i jo… 
scotus delivered a devastating blow to working people in america. unions are quintessentially american and critical… 
salmon recovery is economically and culturally important to the country. the house adopted my amendment to h.r. … 
today, the supreme court upheld discrimination. president trump's muslim ban is un-american, it does not make our c… 
 : #icymi congressional delegation visits san diego to advocate for immigrant families  …
voting is a right, not a privilege. five years after the supreme court gutted the vra, americans want the full free… 
we must understand how virtual currencies are used to facilitate drug &amp; sex trafficking. i'm glad to see that my bi… 
my bill, the fight illicit networks and detect trafficking act of  just passed out of the house. this bill will… 
interested in coding? students in san diego and imperial counties are invited to participate in the congressional a… 
 : el congresista demócrata juan vargas enfrentó directamente al presidente sobre la política de separar familias. …
hablé con  sobre la política de separación de familias del presidente trump. este problema fue cread… 
‘i can’t go without my son,’ a mother pleaded as she was deported to guatemala. mothers and fathers unable to recov… 
 : 🎥| "¿qué le parecería si a sus hijos los pusieran en jaulas?": congresista demócrata a trump.  http…
 : excessive heat warning in effect beginning at am. do you know how to prepare? check out these tips provided by  i…
on #worldrefugeeday, i stood with  to denounce the cruelty happening at our border. i cosponsored th… 
president trump is on capitol hill. we showed up to denounce his immoral family separation policy.   don’t you have… 
. is giving america a false choice. protecting our borders doesn’t mean tearing apart families – and we… 
today, my colleagues and i were able to see the cruelty of president trump’s family separation policy. no child sho… 
 : congressman juan vargas  says he toured child migrant shelter and met a little boy who said he was sad &amp; need…
 : #live:  says youngest child in the immigration detention facility is  or  years old, refutes jeff sessions by say…
 : #live: "it is such a terrible thing that i don’t think he (the president) can own up to it. tearing a child away from a mom...is…
 : we're on the ground getting the facts about immigrant families being torn apart. what we know so far: there is no law requi…
visiting immigration detention facilities with  and  to see first-hand the effects of pr… 
daca allowed thousands of young people to come out of the shadows and gave hope to so many.  years later - because… 
. has questions for the  comptroller. we want answers. #occnocolor 
my bill, the fight illicit networks and detect (find) trafficking act passed in the . the find traffi… 
 : congressman juan vargas () wants to stop virtual currency from being used in sex and drug trafficking. get the…
the trump administration’s decision to deny asylum to victims of domestic and gang violence is heartless and danger… 
congress must understand how virtual currencies are being used to facilitate drug and sex trafficking and propose l… 
 years after the pulse tragedy, we remember the  lives that were taken from us. we must continue to demand actio… 
i'm glad to see the inclusion of $,, in funding for phase  of the calexico west land port of entry in the… 
during #pridemonth, i join san diego, imperial county, and the nation in celebrating the spirit and resiliency of t… 
imperial county is the # producer of sugarbeets in california, which are one of the most valuable crops for the co… 
this #immigrantheritagemonth we honor the immigrants and refugees from around the world who have fled oppression, p… 
the community celebrated the diversity and culture of the filipino american community at the mabuhay festival in na… 
it is cruel and fundamentally un-american to punish parents who are trying to save their children's lives and punis… 
i stopped by calexico high school and had a great discussion with students in the junior rotc program. these dedica… 
every day,  american lives are taken and hundreds more are injured by senseless gun violence. i #wearorange to ho… 
the trump administration’s policy of separating immigrant families is cruel and undermines our family values. it mu… 
the trump administration’s policy of separating children from their parents at the border is inhumane. kids are bei… 
the united states must strongly condemn the attacks launched from gaza against israeli civilians. these acts of ter… 
the #paycheckfairnessact would help bridge the wage gap for all moms. that's why i'm a proud cosponsor of this impo… 
on #memorialday, we honor the brave men and women who gave their life for our country. their courage and commitment… 
if you had daca and your daca issuance was cut short by dhs (meaning dhs terminated your daca), you can renew your… 
congratulations to all those who were recognized this past weekend at the annual harvey milk diversity breakfast. t… 
the #aapi community is an essential part of the american story. as a member of , i’m proud to fight for the… 
 : on #armedforcesday we honor those in uniform who sacrifice every day to protect our country. thank you. …
my heart breaks for the victims, students and teachers at santa fe high school and their families. children's lives… 
 : la ley agrícola de los republicanos, #gopfarmbill, le da la espalda a las personas trabajadoras de bajos recursos y a l…
the #gopfarmbill targets our nation's most vulnerable by kicking people off of #snap. we cannot allow this cruel bi… 
our country has a responsibility to provide #deportedveterans with the benefits they earned and bring them home. i… 
every person deserves equal protection under the law and to live free from hate, violence, and discrimination. toda… 
i testified before  on the challenges #deportedveterans face when trying to access the benefits the… 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s not true. , households will lose benefits.
 :  million people will have their access to food threatened if the  passes their hyper-partisan #farmbill.  that’s…
a real problem  hasn't addressed: the millions of gallons of sewage flowing from mexico into our beaches.  i… 
#momsdontneed cruel immigration policies and raids that tear their families apart. when immigrants thrive, our nati… 
 : even with good #defensiblespace and home hardening, creating a #wildfireactionplan is crucial. thousands of wildfires spark t…
i spoke with univision about the importance of passing legislation in congress to prevent the deportation of our mi… 
this country should not be deporting veterans who put their lives on the line for our freedom. thank you to the vet… 
to every teacher in san diego, imperial county, and across the country--thank you. thank you for your dedication an… 
 : it’s time to send a clear message on the #census that #everyonecounts. an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
may is national foster care month. as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth, i am proud to renew my… 
the united states must lead when it comes to offering humanitarian assistance to those in need. individuals seeking… 
., we don’t need a wasteful wall or divisive, anti-immigrant policies. we need real comprehensive and humane imm… 
the epa has awarded more than $, in funds for environmental projects along the california-mexico border. glad… 
 : #brawleyproud #brawleyexceeds we are proud of maia and her talents in art, music, and wrestling. thank you, …
i was very impressed by this year's submissions for the congressional art competition. from the salton sea to the b… 
 : happy #nationalparkweek! our public lands are some of america's greatest treasures, and we're working to preserve them…
 : congressman juan vargas () leads the chc asking dhs about the detention and treatment of pregnant immigrants b…
i sent a letter with the  demanding information from  on the detention of pregnant immigrants… 
 years after the columbine tragedy, we remember the victims and continue to demand action to #endgunviolence in o… 
this week, the san diego county board of supervisors sent the wrong message to the immigrant community in san diego… 
yesterday, i had the honor of meeting isabelle richards, the recipient of the  navy military child of the year®… 
 :  military child of the year® award recipient for the  isabelle richards chatting up .  these  o…
former first lady barbara bush represented our country with dignity and grace. her dedication to our country and de… 
due to a system outage, the irs has extended the tax filing deadline. if you couldn't file your taxes yesterday, yo… 
the gop is set on ripping away our nation’s most effective safety net programs that help families afford food, hous… 
., i know you have a hard time with the truth, but here are the facts: . construction along the ca… 
tax cuts don’t pay for themselves, so how do republicans want to pay for the #goptaxscam?  by cutting crucial benef… 
congratulations to chula vista native and hilltop high school graduate desiree linden on winning the… 
when you sign up to serve our country, you have earned the right to become a united states citizen. we must continu… 
today, a great injustice has been righted. hector barajas has worked very hard to earn his citizenship and i sincer… 
tomorrow is the last day for high school students to submit artwork for the  congressional art competition. i c… 
on #holocaustremembranceday, we remember the millions of jewish people murdered during the holocaust and honor the… 
i enjoyed speaking with learnlife students visiting from san diego at the capitol earlier today. welcome to the pe… 
 : en promedio, las mujeres ganan  centavos por cada $ que sus contrapartes hombres ganan. para las mujeres latinas y afro…
congress must pass the #paycheckfairnessact to help give women in the workforce the tools they need to combat wage… 
on average, women earn  cents for every $ a white, non-hispanic man earns, and the #wagegap is much larger for w… 
 : #equalpayday recognizes that women must work  extra months just to earn the same pay as men! closing the #genderwagega…
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for #daca renewal, you sho… 
 : . (ca-) visited the abilityone program in chula vista, the largest source of employment for people with…
if you know talented high school students in southern san diego and imperial county, encourage them to participate… 
i visited the abilityone program's laundry service facility in chula vista and met some of the dedicated and hardwo… 
last month, i participated in the civil rights pilgrimage with martin luther king iii, juanita abernathy,… 
 years after the assassination of dr. martin luther king, jr., his teachings, his words, and his legacy remain a… 
happy easter to everyone celebrating in san diego and imperial county! wishing everyone a wonderful day with their… 
 : on this day, we celebrate the contributions and work of #césarchávez, a patriot who spent his life shining a light on t…
my sincerest congratulations to hector barajas for receiving his citizenship after so much hard work. this news bri… 
congress must oppose the trump administration’s efforts to politicize and sabotage the  census. the u.s. census… 
high school students in southern san diego county and imperial county, submit your art for the  congressional a… 
this is unacceptable and should not be happening in our country. i will continue working in congress to help… 
ahead of #cesarchavezday, the cesar chavez service clubs held a breakfast to honor the legacy of cesar chavez. jerr… 
 : including a citizenship question in the #census only serves to suppress participation &amp; will result in inaccurate d…
honored to have been a part of the th annual international mariachi festival in national city! i'm always happy to… 
 : trump &amp; republicans helping hispanics:  ❌ terminated #daca ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for #aca ❌ passed #taxscam ❌ e…
republicans have decided to throw the american dream under the omnibus by refusing to give us a vote on a permanent… 
#irs reminder:  approximately $,, in unclaimed refunds are pending for taxpayers in california who didn't f… 
all students should have access to an education free from discrimination. i sponsored the student non-discriminatio… 
today, my friend  continues to make history &amp; break glass ceilings as she becomes the first woman &amp; firs… 
 : high school students in san diego and imperial counties, join the  congressional art competition! visit my website f…
#hurricanemaria caused widespread devastation across #puertorico, killing hundreds, destroying hundreds of thousand… 
it is critical to fund infrastructure improvement programs along the u.s.-mexico border to protect public health, k… 
when women make history, america moves forward. congratulations  on becoming the longest-serving wom… 
thanks to everyone who stopped by my tax preparation event in calexico. if you couldn't make it, you can still get… 
i'm saddened to learn of the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter. it was an honor to serve in congress alongs… 
if you couldn't make it to my free tax preparation event in imperial county, you can still get free tax preparation… 
high school students in san diego and imperial counties, join the  congressional art competition! visit my webs… 
 roses for  victims. students at san ysidro high school paid a powerful tribute to the victims of the high scho… 
i stand in solidarity with the students in my district and across the country who are raising their voices during… 
 : , pairs of shoes. , children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in .   this. has. to. stop.…
our border district is a place where cultures come together and where we celebrate what unites us, not what divides… 
president trump and republicans in congress should ask themselves: what would reagan do on immigration? hint: it wa… 
joining the community in san ysidro to tell president trump that immigrants are welcome here and that we don't supp… 
., while you're in sd visiting your wasteful border wall prototypes, you should stop by the tijuana river val… 
proud to have joined community members at a press conference in chicano park this morning. we are standing together… 
the trump administration is continuing to rip parents away from their children and instilling fear in our communiti… 
 : there's free tax prep services for those who generally make less than $, a year. check this map to contact one nea…
congratulations to the climate science alliance on their inaugural san diego climate summit, where they focused on… 
tomorrow, i will be hosting a free tax preparation event in calexico. if you would like to attend, please call my o…  % of americans say it’s very important to prevent insurance companies from denying coverage based on a person’s m… 
eliminating #birthrightcitizenship deflects from the real attacks republicans are making against americans' coverag… 
the th amendment guarantees citizenship to all people born on american soil. the president’s plan to end… 
folks, it’s that time of year again: open enrollment for the aca’s healthcare marketplace begins nov. . right now… 
 : my statement, along with my fellow co-chairs of the bipartisan taskforce for combating #antisemitism,  …
at the congregation shearith israel in dallas, i stood in solidarity with the families in pittsburgh, whose lives a… 
the shooting this morning is deeply disturbing. the instant dread that is felt, has become all too familiar. across… 
 : . (tx-) stopped by some community events on national night out, a night when communities and police departm…
excited to attend the ribbon cutting to celebrate forest hill’s first trolley service - a historic public transit s… 
join   and i for a conversation about education! tune into our fb live: 
take part in the conversation on education. join me and disd board member miguel solis for a facebook live at am today!
it was great to be out in oak cliff for another #mmb. i learned how popular party store owner, carlos de la fuenta,… 
be part of the conversation! join rep.veasey and dallas isd’s miguel solis for a facebook live q&amp;a this friday, oct… 
all too often, unused prescription drugs find their way into the wrong hands. if you or someone you know wants to s… 
 :  .'s response to trump  on the migrant caravan was🔥. america’s diversity, and sanctuary from oppression…
 .'s response to trump  on the migrant caravan was🔥. america’s diversity, and sanctuary from op… 
 : great catching up with dfw  at the   congressional forum! 🇺🇸 
wages are down and the healthcare of millions of texans falls in the balance. #texasdemocrats are rising up. we wan… 
democracy was in action yesterday in texas as thousands of young people and first time voters turned out to cast th… 
this administration’s efforts to erase the transgender community and eliminate federal civil rights protections is… 
good morning texans! #earlyvoting starts today. cast your ballots today through nov. nd and beat the lines! change… 
the trump administration has failed to provide affordable healthcare or higher wages.  are motivated… 
republicans know how difficult it is to get certain communities to vote for them, so better they can’t vote at all.… 
whether it’s discriminatory voter id laws, questionable purges of voter rolls, or voter intimidation – gop controll… 
thousands of immigrant families risk their lives traveling to america to have a chance to raise their  families in… 
honored to have received a  on ’s congressional scorecard. i am committed to fighting for the #lgbtq communit… 
congratulations to lt. gen. laura j. richardson, who has served our country for  years, and is set to become the… 
we are  days away from midterms, but this matter of national security still hasn’t been addressed. it’s irrespons… 
due to the past damage sustained by the flash flooding in north texas,  has requested sba declare tarrant… 
attn: more flooding is expected to occur in everman today. residents who need assistance or a place to go, please c… 
i was honored to take part in a ceremony to honor my dear friend pauline valenciano. she was a trailblazer. her ten… 
 : . (tx-) picked and packed orders at 's fulfillment center in fort worth. working alongside amazon as…
active readers make the best learners. glad i got to spend time with some young readers at the seminary south libra… 
progress has been made in the fight for #lgbtq equality, but more needs to be done. on #nationalcomingoutday, we mu… 
happy #hispanicheritagemonth! here are some facts to celebrate:  ➡️#latinos own more than . million businesses in… 
on the #dayofthegirl, we acknowledge the work we still need to do to empower young women to succeed in a global eco… 
the public charge rule is meant to scare immigrant families, including those who qualify for chip &amp; snap, from appl… 
i've introduced a bill that will direct  and the  to provide funding for minority women and girls to pursu… 
#registerandvote is trending in texas! only  days before election day... #beavoter 
the freedom of the press has been brutally violated, yet trump remains silent on twitter. jamal khashoggi is an ame… 
tarrant county has so much to offer. great to see community events like the harambee festival embody the diversity,… 
thank you to the north texas  for hosting the carnaval de salud with over  community organizations ensu… 
kavanaugh told blatant lies about drinking while in hs/college, combine that w/ a terrible judicial temperament, an… 
honored to be a panelist for the lockheed martin african american council for excellence conference. i spoke about… 
. across the country will play a major role in uniting our communities. grateful to the staff at the boy… 
october is domestic violence awareness month – we must raise women's voices and demand accountability. we can conti… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
last night i stopped by four different  events for #nationalnightout to meet with local law enforcement… 
protecting our country against unknown biological threats is one of ’s important missions. excited  was… 
raising my teenage son in the #metoo era means teaching him to respect, believe, and support women. today, the pres… 
thank you  for your service, your bravery, and sharing your personal experience battling ptsd. you shar… 
#texas residents, the deadline to register is oct. .   across the country, , people registered on… 
had a great time singing and celebrating #hispanicheritagemonth with everyone! 
 : . highlights two moments from a panel i moderated on race and education --   takes on mod…
my top priority is to have the state of texas get the cities of everman and forest hill the resources they need to… 
just spoke about this at #tribfest yesterday. we need to be making college more affordable for everyone. higher e… 
today would have been botham jean's th birthday. we need to keep his name alive. we need police officers to be tr… 
 : . says lingering segregation exists thru campus boundaries. pointed to fort worth’s fight to ease crowding in…
excited to be at #tribfest today to talk about critical issues facing students of color. we need to be making c… 
. led the charge today to make the #goptaxscam even better for the wealthiest % – and worse for workin… 
 : seems like a good time to re-up this tweet ⬇️  #stopkavanaugh 
the frat culture, and sense of entitlement brett kavanaugh embodies, only seeks to embolden a pattern of sexual har… 
 : "[his] decisions have also weakened voting rights protections, more evidence that he would turn back the clock on full…
today i paid tribute to botham jean. we can honor bo's memory by fixing the culture of police brutality &amp; gun viole… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
thank you to , , ,   and hilary shelton with  for coming tog… 
. on voting rights in america, reiterated today: “voting is still sacred and precious in this country.” 
voices like  led by  are making sure activism and public policy are coming together to g… 
 : live – i’m joining , , , ,  and  to share the…
our elections are the envy of the world, but we can’t take it for granted. voting is sacred. we need everyone from… 
tune in for my press conference on #nationalvoterregistrationday, with !  watch here:… 
voting ensures our ideals are represented, in city councils, statehouses, and at the highest levels of government.… 
change happens when you #vote, simple as that. take the first step by registering to vote this… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! today my colleagues and i will address ways our voting rights resolution can en… 
long overdue.   
my condolences to the family and friends of alan amaya, a  doctoral student who fell victim to the flas… 
i was at the command center at everman city annex today. according to red cross workers and an everman city officia… 
please stay safe and follow evacuation guidelines for your communities. the red cross is assisting residents who ha… 
from serving in our nation’s armed forces to sitting on our country’s highest court, generations of latinos have ma… 
tomorrow, on #museumday, museums around the #dfw will offer free general admission to anyone presenting a museum da… 
thanks for having me! enjoyed the tour and getting to see the great work you do for the community of… 
today on #nationalpowmia recognition day, we honor the brave men and women who served our country proudly and made… 
the , lives we lost during and after #hurricanemaria will never be forgotten or ignored. this administration ha… 
the internet and social media have changed how innovators start small businesses. we must restore #netneutrality ru… 
as  explains, both businesses and the environment can benefit from the direct air capture of co. i’ve… 
wishing everyone observing yom kippur tonight a meaningful fast 
#scotus judges are appointed for life, and the monumental decisions they hand down affect us all. the senate must t… 
i had a great time with the students and faculty at  today. i took a tour of the new dan dipert career… 
trump’s choice to turn away vulnerable populations by capping the number of refugees to a -year low, abdicates ou… 
it's critical to keep growing our local economy and amazon is fulfilling a vital role in the #dfw. today, i got to… 
 : candlelight vigil for officer hull on wed. sept   at : p.m.  the public is welcome to attend.  police hq,  w. feli…
 : details for officer hull’s transport:  approximately : pm today.  the route will be:  feliks gwozdz pl to s main st. nb…
 years ago, our founding fathers met in philadelphia and signed the constitution, which established the ideals o… 
#lgbtq rights and transgender rights are human rights. these men and women are serving in our armed forces. they ar… 
 : are students of color getting a raw deal? join us at #tribfest for a conversation with , , …
i send my deepest condolences to the family of officer garrett hull and the  for the senseless loss of… 
to all those on the east coast, please follow guidelines and stay safe. #florencehurricane 
proud to vote yes on h.r. . it's important for the united states to send a powerful signal that anti-semitism w… 
. of  joins the , ,  and a number of other voting and civil rights… 
 : icymi: rm  and tri-caucus chairs , , , , and …
the trump admin has declined to defend the #aca in texas court, and the case will likely end up in the supreme cour… 
 : voting is the most essential part of a healthy democracy. i support 's resolution to make september, “national…
the  released a report highlighting the latest rounds of efforts to suppress the voices of minority voters… 
 : we, along with organizations , , , and  and , support  and …
 : watch live our #votervigilance cbcf inc. alc panel, ft. barbara arnwine, senator hughes, daniel initiative, nina turner, &amp; oper…
organizations like  are showing americans they can change the world by participating in their democra… 
 : fair: making it easier to #vote. unfair: making it harder for some to #vote.  from our state capitols to the us capitol,…
 : thank you,  for taking the lead on the resolution. i'm happy to be a cosponsor and and make september "national…
elections have consequences. they matter.  is supporting our resolution to make september national vo… 
. knows now is not the time to stay home. women are driving this movement. be apart of it. get register… 
 . knows now is not the time to stay home. women are driving this movement. be apart of it.… 
the  supports our resolution to make september national voting rights month. together, we ensure everyone is r… 
 : now is not the time to stay home. get registered. go #vote!   to vote in the upcoming elections you must register by octo…
 : there are still too many barriers at the ballot box. this national voting rights month, we are intensifying our fight agai…
in texas, and across the country, i’m fighting for every american to be able to cast a ballot this november. but… 
. supports our resolution to make september national voting rights month! get engaged. get involved. get re… 
 : generations of americans have fought, marched, and peacefully protested to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor their le…
 : native americans face some of the largest barriers to casting their ballot in federal elections. we need a strong voti…
president of   supports our resolution to make september national voting rights month. let's get e… 
if you believe we should defend the #aca, restore u.s. participation in the #parisagreement, fight for #unions, and… 
 : proud to join + members of congress and senators in making september "national voting rights month." we need more people…
 : the right to vote is under dire threat from the gop’s mass disenfranchisement agenda. that’s why we must continue to pass…
 :  is hosting a #vote twitter storm today to amplify his and 's bicameral resolution to make september nationa…
 :  is hosting a #vote twitter storm today to amplify his and 's bicameral resolution to make september nat…
 :  is hosting a #vote twitter storm today to amplify his and 's bicameral resolution to make september nation…
 : gop’s voter suppression tactics work. that’s why we must continue to pass legislation that will help every american cast the…
 women are driving momentum in . your #vote is your voice. let it be heard this november!  
 : americans still face too many barriers at the ballot box. this is why it’s crucial we pass legislation to recognize sep…
 : americans still face too many barriers at the ballot box. this is why it’s crucial we pass legislation to recognize september as n…
 : voting is a cornerstone of our democracy. i'm proud to join  on this resolution in making september national voti…
 : communities of color across the country continue to be disproportionately affected by voter suppression efforts. that's…
 : the  released a report on voting rights today. it shows we have a long way to go before all citizens can exerc…
thank you to voices like   of , , , … 
 : there are still too many barriers at the ballot box. by making september national voting rights month, we can bring awar…
 : voting should be simple &amp; accessible, yet too many americans still face barriers at the ballot box with voter id &amp; proof o…
no one in  can say elections don’t matter. get registered and go #vote! 
 : today i cosponsored a resolution with  to make september national voting rights month. when we get out and #vote…
gop’s voter suppression tactics work. that’s why we must continue to pass legislation that will help every american… 
 : voting should be easy + accessible to every citizen. we must remove barriers to voting.   in ohio,  million have been…
 : proud to join  for our bicameral resolution to increase voter registration and protect the right to #vote. let’s ma…
 : generations of americans have fought to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor their legacy and protect the right to #vote. p…
 : generations of americans have fought, marched, and peacefully protested to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor their l…
 : i’m proud to introduce a resolution in the senate that would make september “national voting rights month” to bring awareness…
. is fighting wisconsin's efforts to suppress the #vote. let's make september national voting rights m… 
 : your #vote = your voice.   let it be heard this november and every election! 
 : every #vote makes a difference. in congress, i’m fighting for every american citizen to be able to cast a ballot. let your…
 : usccr's full report on voting rights and voter suppression is available here: . take a moment to…
 : on national voting rights month, let’s recommit ourselves to making it easier – not harder – to #vote. we have a plan to d…
 : if the last two years have shown anything, it’s that elections have consequences. get registered. #vote …
 : generations of americans sacrificed so we could have a voice in our democracy. now it's up to us to use those rights an…
it’s crucial we pass legislation to recognize september as national voting rights month and push congress to addres… 
the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion co… 
i’m leading a resolution with  to make september national voting rights month. the resolution will spark v… 
great to be at the  campus! so many motivated students and hardworking professors gearing up for a new s… 
 : . “i will always stand up for the machinists and their families. the iam has created a better life for thous…
on /, thousands of lives were taken in a horrendous attack on this country. those images will always be seared i… 
i’m deeply troubled that the texas rangers delayed issuing an arrest warrant for the suspect, who is a dallas polic… 
i’m troubled the texas rangers have yet to issue an arrest warrant for the suspect, who is a dallas police officer.… 
i join the dallas community in mourning the senseless and tragic death of botham "bo" jean. as i’ve said all too re… 
 : icymi: a beautifully written reflection on the role of unions in improving racial and economic inequality. https://t.co…
 : are students of color getting a raw deal? join us at #tribfest for a conversation with , , …
trump's doj and  are actively working to suppress the vote this november by targeting eligible immigrant vot… 
this anonymous source has exposed what we all knew — the president is a fraud, incompetent and unable to emotionall… 
zeb strong was a friend, mentor, and leader in the arlington community. he was a uniting force in the halls of uta… 
kavanaugh is a threat to voting rights in this country. he's a threat to affirmative action in this country. and he… 
 : coincidence? 
i stood w/ my  colleagues this morning to oppose the nomination of brett kavanaugh. he is a vote on beh… 
 : when it comes to the #futureofwork, #newdems agree we need to "stop blaming the tools, and start fixing the rules" as …
today i helped assemble care packages for spouses of deployed service members. thank you to  for coming to… 
even the  can’t deny. favorite line from the op-ed: “…trump administration's response includes a large a… 
there is way too much at stake – for our country, our healthcare, and our civil liberties. #stopkavanaugh 
across america, workers support their families and communities in pursuit of the american dream. today, we reflect… 
this is a great way to encourage our youth to #dreambig. and of course, appreciate the representation of my alma ma… 
 : having an incredible, informative, &amp; inspiring keyholder class tonight at #fortworth city hall with , ,…
. refuses to increase pay for millions of federal workers – / of which are veterans. let’s not fo… 
today, we honor thurgood marshall’s lifetime of work fighting for justice as the first african-american appointed t… 
i hope moving forward that law enforcement will work more diligently to remove bias from their ranks be it intentio… 
while i have a great deal of respect for law enforcement, i feel strongly that the verdict reached yesterday in the… 
as a father, i feel for far too long unjustified killings and shootings of black men and boys have been taken light… 
schools need new technology, more funding for art &amp; stem classes, and stronger mental health services for students.… 
#onthisday, martin luther king jr. shared his dream of an america less divided. today, i am reminded of that dream.… 
a new daca survey shows that % of respondents are currently employed or enrolled in school.  since , #daca ha… 
 years ago, thousands took to the streets of washington to demand justice for all.  on this day, martin luther ki… 
my full statement on the passing of senator john mccain:  
john mccain was a true patriot. he faced many hard fought battles, but his grit, his belief in working together, an… 
glad to be able to participate in the irving transportation summit. we need to be innovative in how we deal with tr… 
south africa’s land reform is meant to redress racial inequalities present since apartheid.
from tucker carlson's lips to trump’s fingers - the president's tweets only serve to inflame racial divisions in so… 
military families rely on the free and open internet to build communities and support each other. we can’t risk the… 
 : it seems there's new data every week about how the #goptaxscam boosted the %.  now: ceo pay jumped % this year. work…
 : "american heroes marched across a bridge in selma for the simple idea that all of us count." -  https://t.c…
 : icymi from pres. gary jones of the : workers are adapting to technological change. they just want fair wages in the…
yesterday i got to tour the new northside community health center that will be opening on november . this center… 
 : are students of color getting a raw deal? join us at #tribfest for a conversation with , , …
 : #dreamers serve in our military, educate our children, work as doctors &amp; nurses to keep us healthy, &amp; help our economy…
keep sharing these great #dallasisd back-to-school photos. have a great #firstday! 🍎 
love the enthusiasm! have a great #firstdayback! 📚 
got to visit the #fwisd this weekend  for a pep rally. great to see members of the community, teachers and students… 
our local reporters in the #dfw and in texas work diligently to shine a light and seek the truth on topics otherwis… 
her stardom on and off the stage is an ode to her personified perfection. she made every stage her hallelujah; and…  the failed #trumptradewar is killing american #jobs. it took years for the american auto industry to recover and… 
the ar- is a weapon on war. it has no purpose beyond killing human beings and it certainly does not belong on our… 
viola liuzzo was a mother &amp; helped coordinate logistical support for the successful selma-to-montgomery march. in … 
senator, you need to re-read the constitution. i have a copy if you need it. 
i’m extremely proud that my th annual hiring event helped connect more than  of our neighbors with jobs, career… 
powerful cover story from . it’s a sad fact that easy access to guns has made our children unsafe at school…a… 
hate will not weaken the city of steel. chicago stands with you and joins you in saying, #notonemore. 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
this afternoon, i spoke to  about the importance of voting, especially when it comes to ending #gunviolence… 
october is #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth. sadly, this epidemic is all too common in america. if you or someone yo… 
i’m joining  at ~: pm to discuss voting &amp; this weekend’s #gunviolence tragedy in pittsburgh.   my messag… 
after this weekend’s tragedy in pittsburgh, america has seen another school shooting at butler high school in north… 
my heart is with those affected by today’s tragedy at the tree of life synagogue. it’s past time to make these horr… 
happy #nationalpumpkinday to the farmers in the second district who grow our favorite fall ingredient for cooking,… 
exactly! we will not be intimidated and we will #vote because democracy requires us to participate. 
when it comes to their attacks on your healthcare,  and  can’t run away from the facts fas… 
glad that  has recognized her error.  has openly attacked the trans and #lgbt commun… 
thanks to the #goptaxscam, a half a million chicagoland homeowners will pay higher taxes. 
the same thing is happening to illinois farmers &amp; this is market share that we’ll never get back. this failed… 
despite talking a good game on addressing the #opioid epidemic, the policies pushed by  and… 
high schools, street corners, a  tournament, and now, grocery stores. #enoughisenough, it’s past time f… 
in congress, i’m proud to be working to expand healthcare access, enhance cybersecurity and create jobs. here’s an… 
. is desperate to hide their long history of attacking americans’ access to healthcare. #acaworks 
love today’s comic from robert matson in . across the country,  is working to prevent americans f… 
once again,  and  are attacking protections for americans with pre-existing conditions – l… 
congratulations to  in #olympiafields on these two remarkable accreditations from the .… 
across the country, we are seeing an active effort to prevent americans from making their voices heard at the ballo… 
my heart and prayers are with justice sandra day o’connor and her family at this challenging time. she shattered a… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
a fitting tribute to pulitzer prize winner and former professor, gwendolyn brooks, at . 
the second district is home to amazing talent, like , who’s on this season of . good luc… 
new  poll finds that +% of americans disapprove of congress’ job performance. that’s because … 
suppressing anyone’s vote is wrong, immoral and undemocratic. this coordinated effort to suppress american voters,… 
the same thing is happening in illinois. in just the first  days after the disastrous #trumptariffs were announced… 
no matter who you are, you #wontbeerased.    can write whatever order he wants but facts are still… 
+ job-seekers attended my th annual hiring event with + employers with active job openings. there were first-… 
happy birthday to sen.  who’s bringing that #blackgirlmagic every day to the senate.
proud to have earned a % on ’s legislative scorecard. no matter who you love or who you are, i will always s… 
thank you to the  for clearly stating the facts. the  ran up the deficit with their #goptaxscam a… 
happy #spiritday. to all those facing bullying and hate, i’m sorry that some people are just mean but please know t… 
reminder: friday is my th annual hiring fair. more than  local companies are looking to hire right now, so come… 
right-wing extremism, which continues to rise, is responsible for /s  of u.s. terrorist attacks. will this white… 
thank you . if supporting commonsense, lifesaving action earns me that f from the , i will boldly and… 
despite trying and failing several times, the  isn’t finished attacking your healthcare. 
thank you to everyone who came out to my #job-readiness workshop tonight. be sure to come out on friday from am-no… 
native american ids are being rejected in north dakota and arizona; black seniors are being ordered off a bus in ge… 
congratulations to lt. gen. (usa) laura richardson on her history-making acting command of . her story and… 
looking for something to do tonight? come to my #job-readiness workshop from -:p at calumet city public library… 
thank you for inviting me! it was a pleasure speaking with you. 
#mychildhoodherotaughtme  ‘if they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring in a folding chair.’ – congresswoman shirley chisholm
today’s young people are so impressive. they are tired of standing on the sidelines while we bicker and get nothing… 
if your vote didn’t matter, the  wouldn’t be working so hard to suppress it. #votingrights are the foundation o… 
extremely excited to announce this federal funding that will help make chicagoland a global leader in “smart road”… 
this is the air that our children breathe, it should be clean and protected. #environmentaljustice 
october is #breastcancer awareness month. self-exams, regular mammograms and understanding your risk factors are al… 
happy th birthday to ! 
no plans on wednesday evening? come to my #job-readiness workshop and learn interview techniques, workplace etiquet… 
under president  and , the national deficit swells thanks to their spend-spend-spend attit… 
 : thank you  for your #idg statement on ensuring refugees, especially girls, have access to safe, quality education…
congratulations to chief jack touhy, of #tinleypark, on his election as president of the south suburban association… 
thank you for having me! one of the best parts of my job is speaking with our amazing young people who are already… 
reminder: my hiring fair is friday and the #job-readiness workshop is on wednesday. you can sign up for both at .
like so many guns used to commit crimes in chicago, the gun used to kill commander paul bauer came from… 
need help editing your resume or mastering new interview skills? join us at our #job-readiness workshop on wednesda… 
excited to announce that three young people from the second district have been award fulbright scholarships this year! #ilproud
ready for a new job or career change? check out my hiring fair on friday, october th from a-noon at the lan-oak… 
happy #nationalfarmersday to all the farmers throughout the second district who grow the food that keeps our famili… 
not registered to vote in november? for illinoisans, there is still time to sign up to make your voice heard!… 
thank you to  for continuing to raise the issue of #maternalmortality. it’s time for congress to ge… 
the homewood fire department’s annual open house is this saturday. it’s a great opportunity to learn about fire saf… 
like many of you, i read president ’s laughable #medicareforall column yesterday. here is my respon… 
no one should be forced to hide who they are or who they love. people are people and #loveislove. happy #nationalcomingoutday!
the american people want affordable drugs prices and an end to political corruption.  have a plan to… 
had an amazing time at the ’s scholarship event celebrating the hard work and dedication of our bril… 
i’m proud that we still make american cars in the second district. sadly, this failed #trumptradewar is costing us… 
 : october is domestic violence awareness month. prevention happens at all levels. help promote healthy, respectful relationships.…
suicide claims the lives of too many americans. on #worldmentalhealthday, join me in spreading awareness that help… 
in #kankakee today? help save a life with a blood donation from noon to pm. 
thank you to  for talking with me about the importance of the #mommaact. we need to address… 
i’m so proud to represent a district that manufactures american products like steel, cars, airplane parts, cans and… 
 : thank you, ⁦,⁩ for covering our new mini documentary about all that african americans and other marginalized commu…
read my full statement on the russian gru’s attempted cyberattack against the . this is a continued pattern of… 
great news out of pennsylvania. a bipartisan coalition just approved a bill to help keep guns out of the hands of d… 
you’re invited! i’m hosting a hiring fair on / and a job readiness workshop on /. more than  companies wi… 
happy anniversary to president  and first lady . 
these maternal deaths are a preventable tragedy for hundreds of families. my #mommaact would take a comprehensive a… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
another history-making win for women at the #nobelprize! congrats to  on winning this year’s chemistr… 
every dollar spent on school “hardening” is a dollar not spent on educating our children. the real answer to preven… 
more than % of fast food workers report having been sexually harassed, % higher than other industries. i stand… 
to all the young women out there who’ve been told “science isn’t for girls,” tell them about nobel prize-winning ph… 
great morning with these budding scientists discussing the interplay between #stem education and medical advances t… 
congratulations to  on her new role as editor-in-chief of the ! #twill 
happy birthday to president jimmy carter. 
congratulations to dan taylor and his voodoo chili on winning this year’s homewood’s annual chili cook-off.… 
happy th birthday to joyce emmons of manteno. after  years as a teacher, she’s still helping students learn and… 
the entire vegas strip went dark to honor #gunviolence victims. meanwhile,  have gone dark in showing the… 
be sure and mark your calendar for my next hiring fair. it will be / from a-noon at the lan-oak park district.… 
it’s not just west virginia, the same things are happening in illinois. families are working harder and harder and… 
thanks to the failed #trumptradewar, illinois families are going to be paying higher prices on everything, from car… 
as #cbchbt chair, i’m fighting to end #prostatecancer disparities. today, the house passed the prostate cancer misd… 
proud to stand with amazing leaders like senator  &amp;  in protest of 's effort… 
today, i have to say goodbye to my deputy chief of staff &amp; district director, audra wilson. after more than  years… 
a year after the horrors in las vegas, president  and  have still not banned bump stocks (… 
icymi: i’m working across the aisle to empower the federal cio and cisos to enhance cybersecurity efforts, increase… 
congresswoman  is % correct. we need better data in order to address america’s dangerous and grow… 
marching with rep.  in protest of advancing the kavanaugh’s nomination without an fbi investigation.… 
. left a #scotus seat open for + days when it was president obama’s nominee. now, there is no time for… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
 : "a wealthy black woman with an advanced degree is still more likely to die or have a baby die than a poor white woman without…
powerful article from my friend, . when survivors like her and dr. ford speak up, they give courage… 
together with , we’ve released the st congressional report on artificial intelligence (#ai) and the… 
 : if this is bringing up anything for you or a love one reach out to the ywca chicago rape crisis hotline () - https:/…
school children shouldn’t have to live in constant fear of a madman with a gun. if north carolina had ‘red flag’ la… 
be sure to let us know what you think. this report is just a first step. as we layout in the report, congress and a… 
to all survivors watching today’s hearing, please know that you are seen, heard and most importantly believed. desp… 
 : fact: despite  &amp;  promises, wage growth has ⏬  we need real tax reform #forthepeople, not #goptaxbi…
congratulations to nick brown, of #lansing and a student at , on being named a national merit scholar… 
shareholders of firearm manufacturers are sick and tired of #gunviolence. they are using their power as investors t… 
rural communities deserve the same access to technology as families living in cities and suburbs. part of… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
major report out from my subcommittee on artificial intelligence (#ai) and its potential impacts on our economy, wo… 
love today’s google doodle celebrating #nationalvoterregistrationday!  has great information on registe… 
in chicagoland, we #believesurvivors. #timesup for abusers!
american families are paying more and will continue to pay more because of the failed #trumptradewar. 
glad to have played a role in advancing this federal grant application. these resources will allow the flossmoor fi… 
#dearprofessorford, you are heard; you are seen and your voice matters. we will keep fighting for facts, not matter… 
 : i’ve successfully prosecuted -year-old crimes. it wasn’t easy, but it was the right thing to do to get justice for the…
today, i’m dropping off + books at  to supplement the school’s library. it was great talking to the stud… 
g'mar chatima tova to all those marking today in the second district and around the world.
chicago is definitely one of the most fun cities you’ll ever visit or live in. come check it out. #twill 
thank you  for welcoming me. the students were so impressive and clearly have big, bright futures! 
right now,  is working overtime to attack healthcare access and health research funding. i’m speaking with… 
had a great time today dropping off  books to bloom trail high school students and teachers. since launching thi… 
standing with my colleagues and chicagoland patients against ’s renewed attempts to strip people with pre-… 
thank you  for reaching out. can you give my office a call at ..? my team should be able to… 
glad to be joining today’s #jobsandjustice townhall hosted by the . we’ll discuss ’s leg… 
great speaking with the  &amp;  about the need to address america’s growing… 
every day, hardworking american teachers give their all to provide our children with a better, brighter future. oft… 
this bipartisan legislation is long overdue. let’s get this done. 
i lost my cousin to domestic violence. these phones are a critical lifeline to women, children and men who live eve… 
 : we will fight back against efforts to privatize, weaken, or otherwise attack this benefit that americans have earned.…
happy birthday to my good friend , chairman of !
when you have people depending on us, it’s easy to focus on them and forget about yourself. but they need you healt… 
another mass shooting in america and like many, many others, this one is related to domestic violence. it’s past ti… 
congratulations stefan, great job. let’s play ball! #twill 
thank you to the  editorial board for speaking out against the immorality of president  an… 
this is the air that our children breathe. they deserve to breathe clean air, not natural gas. 
 : first, we need to require full disclosure from superpacs.  let’s finally pass ’s disclose act &amp; reveal their co…
despite his repeated promises to protect seniors, social security and medicare, president ’s action… 
thank you to #blackpolicylab for inviting me to give an update on one of my favorite topics: the work of the… 
this young lady continues to impress me. olivia and her family were in washington a few weeks ago to meet with me a… 
 : throughout his career, judge kavanaugh has consistently ruled against the disability community. i have no doubt he will m…
half of all suicide victims use firearms. we need to address this crisis &amp; a great place to start are ‘red flag’ la… 
thank you to the #chci for inviting me to join the conversation on finding real, sustainable solutions to the… 
. is home to many amazing programs.  check out this one that introduces young people to conservatio… 
today, we remember those lost and the bravery of so many others who risked everything to save lives. today, we shou… 
l’shana tova to those celebrating #roshhashanah!
thanks for asking . i detail several solutions, from commonsense gun safety laws to community re-investmen… 
"we need politicians who believe your life is more valuable than a check from the " - president obama  thank you mr. president!
to all those attending the second #whc this weekend, welcome to chicago! #twill
powerful testimony from alicia baker, an everyday person, who knows that putting judge kavanaugh on #scotus will me… 
thank you to the  team for stopping by my office yesterday to talk about promoting the health of moms,… 
i saw delmonte just a few days ago at the . sadly, this is another tragedy in our community – this vi… 
happy birthday to dear friend and colleague !
 : congressional black caucus says kavanaugh would weaken voting rights act protections #whatsatstake 
today is #readabookday. currently i’m reading angie thomas’ the hate u give. what’s on your list?
i stand with many americans and my  colleagues in opposing judge #kavanaugh’s nomination. we need a… 
amazing to meet joshua, from the south side. he’s a member of a world-class emerging artist program at the kennedy… 
america is losing the misguided #trumptradewar. the trade deficit is spiking while illinois farmers, families and m… 
workers know #whatsatstake with #kavanaugh on #scotus. time and time again, he’s stood with big business instead of… 
congratulations to  and bradley public library on winning these grants! this funding will help prov… 
 : ranking member peterson: “nobody in this room is going to get everything he or she wants; this process is about compromise…
congress’ failure to enhance the security of our elections plays directly into the hands of russia and other advers… 
 : millions of americans live their lives with pre-existing conditions – all they want is stability. the fact that republica…
last week, i spoke with local farmers about illinois’ agriculture priorities and the devastating impact of the fail… 
we know #whatsatstake with judge kavanaugh on the #scotus. thank you  for pointing out what american fami… 
congress just returned from the august district work period, what issue must congress address before we return home next month?
thank you to  for stepping up and joining the fight to #endgunviolence. we need more business leaders… 
 : the senate judiciary committee just received , more pages of kavanaugh’s documents last night, just hours before…
today we celebrate the men and women who built and continue to strengthen this nation. happy labor day! #u
thank you to ontario trap rock &amp;  for welcoming me. you do great work in our community but it’s clear that c… 
important federal court ruling to protect #lgbt tenants. no one should face harassment for who they are or who they… 
it’s past time to pass commonsense red flag laws that keep guns out of the hands of individuals who are a danger to… 
heartbreaking stories are all too common in our community. on #internationaloverdoseawarenessday, we recommit to en… 
this morning, i met with the  and local farmers at warrick farm to discuss local agricultural prioriti… 
#otd in , justice thurgood marshall was confirmed by the u.s. senate and became america’s first african america… 
praying for those in danger and our brave first responses who are working to save lives. 
 : "i support free trade, i support fair trade,"    thank you for your support of agribusiness &amp; trade and…
 : thanks  for joining our nrc member ontario trap rock in chicago today. great discussions on why we need increased…
what illinois farmers want is to be able to sell their products here at home and around the world.  what they don’t… 
 : no wonder  and  worked so hard to pass the #goptaxbill!   
thank you to everyone who attended my #cbwg “securing the bag” symposium on building wealth &amp; ensuring wage fairnes… 
 : the u.s. averages one mass shooting each day. #enoughisenough #endgunviolence 
rep.  - rm of  - joined me to hear the ideas &amp; concerns of chicagoland’s educators, scho… 
happy th birthday to #hiddenfigures’ hero katherine johnson! your example has inspired so many young people to r… 
#otd  years ago, the th amendment was adopted, finally giving american women the right to  vote. we must honor… 
today, america lost a hero and true patriot who stood honorably and courageously in the face of adversity and in se… 
thank you to everyone who came out to help combat #gunviolence at today’s inaugural , organized &amp; hosted by . there should be no greater motivation to reform our laws than the lives lost and fractured by #gunviolence. to the… 
   thanks, ! as always, it's a good week to be #redsoxfan. i've got… 
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
this past week has been difficult and today, we lost yet another student to #gunviolence. this heartbreaking news f… 
the power &amp; possibility that comes from uniting- not dividing- communities: “to refugees around the world, [#hias h… 
congrats to the greatest team in baseball! #redsox #worldserieschamps 
to the tree of life synagogue, first responders, and the people of pittsburgh, we stand with you and hold you in our hearts.
as we wait to learn more about yet another horrific attack on a place of worship, we know this: we are not powerles… 
. has a responsibility to act when people use their technology to threaten others. unfortunately, this resp… 
congrats to the  and  on the #framinghamheartstudy’s th anniversary. the study’s groundbreaki… 
one lesson from the #framinghamheartstudy that guides my work in washington: the importance of government investing… 
did you know: from  to , us deaths from heart disease fell .% and death from strokes fell % because of… 
thanks to  for your tireless advocacy on behalf of young people living with diabetes. together we will protect… 
 : congresswoman clark’s opioid bills signed into law congratulations to     #mapoli 
the pipe bombs sent this week to prominent dems and media are a grave reminder that rhetoric like president trump's… 
the two bills passed into law yesterday both originated from conversations i had with families and providers across… 
finally, we are starting to acknowledge substance use disorder as a public health crisis, and these bills go a long way toward this effort.
i am incredibly grateful to the families, health care providers, substance use experts, and my colleagues in congre… 
news: today,  of my bills were signed into law bringing much-needed resources and relief to families facing the… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 : . #airmen from hanscom air force base, mass., participate in pregame festivities at fenway park in #boston duri…
ahead of tonight's #worldseries game, i made a friendly wager with my colleague and  fan .… 
bring it on, !    nation is ready for you! ⚾️ #redsoxvsdodgers #worldseries 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
the #gop has taken every opportunity to eliminate protections for people with #preexistingconditions. the truth hur… 
these values and our nation’s security must always be put ahead of any potential financial gains made by selling ar… 
we now know that the saudi government was involved in the murder of journalist #jamalkhashoggi. we must respond wit… 
trump might try to divide us but embracing what makes us unique is what will ultimately move our country forward. w… 
 thanks for reaching out! please be in touch: info.org
while the president and #gop might need a reminder that they voted to overturn the #aca and eliminate protects for… 
"use it or lose it" laws like georgia's seek to decrease voter participation and under our democracy. we need to re… 
 : republicans in congress spent the last two years trying to end protections for americans with pre-existing conditions.…
no one should be discriminated against because of who they are or who they love. i'm proud to stand with the #lgbtq… 
it’s just incredible: mitch mcconnell wasn’t concerned abt the deficit exploding #goptaxscam when it benefited amer… 
the #gop is pushing the opposite agenda- like their attempt to eliminate protections for those w/pre-existing condi… 
the #aca made vital healthcare services like maternal health, substance use disorder treatment and preventive care… 
at  community is everything. it is our job to support their work by ensuring everyone can access th… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
i witnessed the devastation of the zero tolerance policy in texas and trump’s newest proposal is the same horror wi… 
and what a year it has been! thrilled to help celebrate the  year milestone. see you soon! 
 years ago today, #matthewshepard was killed in a horrific act of hate-filled violence. in his memory, as well as… 
a heartfelt welcome to #mapoli's newest family member! life will never be the same in the most wonderful way! congr… 
the #gop is rapidly marching forward with their decades-long campaign to dismantle #socialsecurity and #medicare. e… 
over  women a year die from pregnancy and childbirth-related complications. we need to ensure every woman has ac… 
this is why we need to restore the #votingrightsact: k voters–most african american–are being denied the right to… 
heartbreaking report from the . the impact of trump's zero tolerance immigration policy continues to haunt famil… 
#woburn families deserve to know that the most experienced workers are on the job making sure they are safe. it’s t… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
 yr ago, the trump admin repealed the #cleanpowerplan, which helped companies transition away from fossil fuels. e… 
always great to catch up with  and  on . tune in here for our chat on #scotus… 
we need to stop stalling and immediately get serious about clean energy solutions. our future depends on it. 
hundreds are without gas service in #woburn tonight. while i’m glad everyone is safe, there is too much at risk to… 
the evidence is clear: common sense laws that keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people save lives #notonemore… 
i am grateful to all of the survivors, especially #christineblaseyford, who bravely shared their stories over the p… 
but this moment is about so much more than one justice. it is about who and what we value as a nation. this vote si… 
the #senate had an opportunity to show the american people – especially our young people – that character matters a… 
today is a sad day in the history of the #scotus. during the nomination process, judge #kavanaugh demonstrated he d… 
 : we need a congress that will work #forthepeople, that will hold those in power accountable, and that will make sure our…
change will come because we will not give up until our voices are heard and represented in congress.
to dr. ford and all the brave survivors and allies who have come forward, we will not allow you to be silenced by t… 
documenting and reporting human rights violations is a major component of eradicating their existence. the trump ad… 
democracy in action. 🇺🇸#webelievechristine #believeallwomen 
 : .'s failure to meet sept. deadline to re-post #lgbt resources is unacceptable. every day this guidance is unavai…
in moments like these, it’s important to celebrate progress—like #donnastrickland being the st woman to win the… 
artwork as powerful- and impactful- as #christineblaseyford's testimony. well done,  and . 
great to see  taking proactive steps to combat #swatting. my online harassment bill would provide trainin… 
thanks to the  organizations, including  and , who have joined us in telling the trump admin:… 
.’s  report was a giant step backwards for women and demonstrated a total disregard for our safety, r… 
 of my colleagues and i are calling on  to reverse his policy of omitting #reproductivehealth from its… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
finally, some encouraging news in the fight against the #opioidepidemic: we’re close to signing into law a $b pack… 
the #goptaxscam results are in: "u.s. companies are putting savings from the corporate tax cut to use, but only a f… 
it’s been a very scary time in america for everyone other than straight white men for hundreds of years. 
% of the  #un member states allow same-sex marriage. the only thing this backward policy accomplishes is discr… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
one year ago today, the city of las vegas was devastated by the deadliest mass shooting in modern u.s. history—and… 
 : one year later, we remember the  killed and the many still suffering from that harrowing night. in this morning's …
the tragedy continues: without warning, children are being moved in the middle of the night into tent cities that f… 
this is a big step forward in our fight to protect the integrity of our democracy. #forthepeople 
thank you to the many families and partners who helped us get here including   … 
we are now steps away from sending critical help to families across the country. i look forward to the senate’s exp… 
some good news after a long week: the house passed a package of bills aimed at combating our nation’s… 
. on the judiciary committee had an opportunity to show the american people – especially our young people… 
dr. ford’s testimony was powerful. she was courageous, straightforward, and i believe her. judge #kavanaugh’s rage-… 
unfortunately, it isn't just the senate #gop that is letting down the american people. today, the  is ushe… 
"are we saying to victims of sexual assault do not come forward? stay in the shadows, don't speak out, because you… 
 : the worst kept secret about the #goptaxscam is that republicans aim to use it in an effort to gut medicare, medicaid &amp;…
i am humbled by your bravery and patriotism.   thank you, dr. ford. #ibelievechristineblaseyford #kavanuaghhearings 
 : if you need support today, the national sexual assault hotline is available: ..hope or .
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
proud of you, my dear friend. thank you for your bravery. #believewomen 
#believewomen 
. lied. period.   and over , kids and their parents paid the price for it. #reunitefamiliesnow… 
this says it all: "driving up families’ health care costs in order to help pay for tax cuts for the top  percent i… 
representation matters.   to date, the  has *never* had a female member on the judiciary committee. 
today,  states got $m as part of my ' bringing postpartum depression out of the shadows act. for too long, stig… 
your vote is your voice. make sure you are heard on /. #nationalvoterregistrationday 
from the th amendment to the #votingrightsact, women have fought for and secured our right to have our voices hea… 
what does this have to do with consent? married, dating, whatever the case may be, it is your body and your right t… 
this administration will do anything to move its xenophobic agenda forward— including forcing children to go hungry… 
high-quality affordable child care is essential to the success of our kids and the stability of our families. but w… 
we have to stop this shame and blame game that revictimizes victims when they come forward. i believe christine bla… 
one woman coming forward should have been enough for  to pause not "plow through". now there are two… 
despite enormous personal cost, dr. ford bravely came forward and is calling for a fbi investigation. an honorable… 
the #revere council on elder affairs sure does know how to throw a party! thanks to everyone who joined me on the… 
an unprecedented number of children remain in detention because of trump’s heartless immigration policies. to pay f… 
thrilled to welcome ’s new #pace center to #revere! through their integrated model, seniors will be able to a… 
there isn’t one solution to fighting the #opioidepidemic. we need more care providers, better prescription tracking… 
time and time again the #gop prioritizes corporations and the wealthy over the needs of working americans. dismantl… 
my online safety modernization act would update our criminal codes to incorporate these types of dangerous online t… 
when women challenge institutionalized power, they often are met with threats of violence and harassment—like doxxi… 
wishing an easy fast and a blessed #yomkippur to all. g'mar chatimah tovah. 
 : brett kavanaugh talking about his high school in : “what happens at georgetown prep, stays at georgetown prep.”  i can't…
for  years, the sudbury-wayland-lincoln #domesticviolence roundtable has supported survivors of abuse by surround… 
 : i joined , , , and my democratic colleagues to urge the senate to delay judge kavana…
it doesn’t matter if you are online or off: discrimination based on gender, race, sexuality, etc. is wrong and ille… 
today, the #winchester fire dept. was honored with a  safer grant that will allow them to add two members to t… 
it took incredible bravery for christine blasey ford to come forward and she must be taken seriously. i'm disturbed… 
social security ensures americans can retire with dignity—that’s why i’m a proud founding member of the… 
students with access to mental health services in their schools are x more likely to seek care. this national… 
gutting the ’s lifeline program would leave thousands of #domesticviolence victims without a place to turn. joi… 
 : us rep. katherine clark embarks on quest for federal child care subsidies 
of all his lies, this one is especially despicable. , american lives were lost. period. trump's egotism knows n… 
congratulations ! thrilled to have you lead the fight for women's health and #reproductiverights at this… 
voter suppression tactics disproportionately attack communities of color. it’s time to pass legislation safeguardin… 
icymi: i sat down with ’s  to talk about a pressing issue facing our commonwealth: the cost of… 
wishing a happy ethiopian new year of  to all and a celebratory ethiopia week in !… 
honored to meet  school superintendent dr. marice edouard-vincent . students like dan are doin… 
my tax credit would:   ️⃣reduce the cost of childcare for families earning up to % of the federal poverty level… 
high-quality affordable childcare is essential to the success of our kids and economy. unfortunately, it is far out… 
today i visited the malden #headstart, where the kids and staff are like family. they've created an environment tha… 
 years ago today our nation was forever changed. today we honor those lost, those who answered the call to serve,… 
the sackler family’s greed caused the #opioidepidemic that’s claimed thousands of lives.  richard sackler should no… 
reach out. listen. empathize. together, we can make sure #hopehappens. #worldsuicidepreventionday 
to all beginning their #roshhashana celebrations tonight: shanah tovah! may this new year bring you, your family, f… 
thank you for your bravery, . prohibiting discrimination based on #preexistingconditions saves lives… 
the cost of childcare hurts our economy and our kids. i'm advocating for refundable tax credit programs, new high-q… 
honored to receive the  pet’s best friend award at ’ #petnight last night. thanks to the… 
we're now just barely uncovering the extent of the trauma thousands of children who were ripped from their parents… 
these documents belong to the american people. thank you  for demanding transparency- and the truth.… 
i'm disgusted by even seeing these three words together: "family detention centers". judges, doctors, parents, and… 
no transparency, no answers, and the rights of so many on the line. we must  #stopkanavaugh. 
 : don't forget to sign up for the annual #arlingtonma for all ages k road race this sunday /. all funds raised support s…
% of americans want to keep protections for pre-existing conditions while the #gop heads back to court today to d… 
it’s simple:  ️⃣you shouldn’t be denied insurance when you need it most (i.e. have a pre-existing condition). ️⃣y… 
. knows #whatsatstake with #kavanaugh's nomination: #roevwade, #aca, #gunsafety reform, #votingrights, an… 
 : the outcome of these hearings will determine not only our rights, but the rights of our daughters and granddaughters. e…
happy #laborday to the millions of workers who've fought for living wages, labor protections &amp; job opportunities fo… 
the #goptaxscam continues to result in record corporate profits while a majority of americans are being left behind… 
substance use disorder knows no race, occupation, income, or gender. on #overdoseawarenessday, we remember the thou… 
even if  doesn’t know it, we do: guns don’t belong in schools. that’s why  of my colleagues and i a… 
hurling hateful and dangerous rhetoric has a real impact on people's lives. it's perilous to think otherwise. thank… 
 : please keep in mind that extreme heat can be dangerous and even life-threatening, particularly for those at higher risk, if pro…
 #preach!
thank you  and  for helping #revere families fill backpacks and lunch boxes in preparatio… 
despicable. there's nothing "fantastic" about the loss of , american lives. #puertorico 
great news: the commonwealth—and #ma—are leading the country in scientific research and innovation! excited to see… 
over   are demanding  use federal dollars the right way: on books, teachers, the ar… 
thank you for your leadership then and now. our country is strengthened by your voice and unshakable commitment to… 
“consumers no longer have a strong, independent consumer bureau on their side." we are a government by the people,… 
#revere has been patricia's home for  yrs. she has worked hard to give back to the country that gave her and her… 
another tragic shooting. more lives lost.   congress' inaction is complicity.   commonsense gun reforms. now. #jacksonville
on #womensequalityday, we celebrate the passage of the th amd that finally gave women voting rights. by raising t… 
. was a true patriot. he lived a life of service not defined by partisanship but faith in the power o… 
 :  if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by refusing…
thank you  for giving voice to the majority of americans who want common sense gun safety now. you are… 
it’s been a busy week: before the justice system christened two of trump's former employees as felons, his coal lob… 
no, . we are not going to steal money away from students to buy guns. this is a harebrained idea that… 
here’s a little #wednesdaywisdom for my #gop colleagues who, despite all we’ve learned yesterday and today, continu… 
that's why i introduced the st century child care investment act that creates a monthly tax credit to ensure all… 
for  and parents across the us, the cost of #childcare ($k/yr for preschool) makes an education or c… 
trump’s lack of a moral compass hasn’t been news for a long time but today, within  hour, we learned both his camp… 
on national #seniorcitizensday, i want to thank our seniors for their tremendous contributions to our community. no… 
    congrats, ! great to see another bold female taking the helm!
newsflash, : greenhouse gas emissions are one of the leading causes of #climatechange. rolling back the… 
 wonderful! and about time!
 thank you, ! i couldn't agree more that snap is a vital program.  i will continue to do… 
by dismissing transgender students’ cases and halting investigations into their complaints  is failing… 
everyday, nonprofits across #ma, our commonwealth, and the country dedicate themselves to making a difference in t… 
 days after the july court deadline,  children remain separated from their families in addition to  children… 
an astounding % of women in #domesticviolence shelters have reported that their pets were threatened, harmed or k… 
journalists face tremendous danger around the world. the united states of america should not be one of those places… 
 : #daca has allowed hundreds of thousands to get jobs, pursue higher education, and strengthen our country’s future. toda…
it's been  months since the #parkland tragedy. during this time, we have witnessed trump pave a path for dangerous… 
       … 
one in four families—including . million children—rely on social security for basic care and support. we won’t le… 
another policy putting corporate profits- in this situation, trump u- ahead of consumer protections. 
mirage or well-documented scam? “most people will enjoy only a modest and temporary tax cut — families earning $k… 
read: student loan debt has hit $. trillion, and ma has one of the highest averages ($,). no one should be p… 
tragically, the trump administration and  are more concerned with scoring points with the nra than mak… 
trump's junk health plans aren't real insurance. after getting sick, many americans who have enrolled in these plan… 
.'s school safety commission doesn't include  teacher, student, administrator or parent. so… 
 : the fish () rots from the head (). this is just one more example of the republican culture of corrupti…
congratulations to our very own #sudbury stingers on winning the  national championship! i – and i’m sure… 
read: educators &amp; other stakeholders in ma, who've achieved the lowest rate of #gunviolence in the country, have sh… 
thank you, , for using your voice to let other moms know that they’re not alone. 
this is the reality african american women and families face: an $k loss because of a racial *and* gender… 
my ma colleagues and i are standing up for the right of k home care workers in our commonwealth – and even more a… 
 years ago today, the #votingrightsact aimed to ensure every american would be able to exercise the right to vote… 
first the trump administration fails to meet  deadlines to reunite families they ripped apart. now they want the…   : because of the affordable care act,  m kids are no longer subject to lifetime caps in the cost of their care. for them, i…
team adams wore purple in the district and in d.c. for #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth. 
 : p.s.   mr. , i am a graduate of the florida agricultural &amp; mechanical university (famu) — an hbcu founded…
 : traffic ale: the  block of mlk blvd. is closed as #cmpd investigates a suspicious package at the duke energy building. pleas…
glad that  is leading the push to diversify tech.  was the st to take the hbcu partnership cha… 
see my full statement on the butler high school shooting. 
a place of worship is a scared place of love and community, not a place for violence.  we are raising a generation… 
 : calling all young entrepreneurs to an amazing opportunity! sign-up extended to oct !    …
good morning mecklenburg!  catch me out and about today celebrating homecoming with the golden bulls!… 
 : today, the office of congresswoman sheila jackson lee hosted howard law school for its recurring series, #huslonthehill…
enough is enough.  this is truly a dangerous time for our nation.  we must not sit silent as vicious acts of racial… 
we must all stand united against any form of violence. i commend law enforcement for their swift actions and for ke… 
 : today is the th anniversary of h.r. , the women's business ownership act, becoming law. this law gives women entre…
the president's rhetoric is dangerous.  since his inauguration, we have seen an unprecedented spike in violence and… 
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
october is national domestic violence awareness month #youarenotalone #dvam 
team adams is #pinkedout in the district for breast cancer awareness month 
registered to vote but may be busy the day of election: early voting has begun! #yourvotecounts 
. lying down spreading out the breast tissue evenly along the chest wall. move pads of fingers around breast and c… 
. look for any changes in the contour, any swelling, or dimpling of the skin or changes in the nipples. #breastcancerawarenessmonth
. use the pads of your fingers to move around your entire breast in a circular pattern moving from the outside to… 
establishing a regular breast self-exam is very important. below is an informative thread about how to do so!… 
the murder of jamal khashoggi was brutal and horrendous. those responsible must be held accountable and that is why… 
this administration's attack on the transgender and lgbtq community will not be tolerated.  it's unacceptable that… 
upon completion of registration, the newly registered voter can immediately vote at the same one-stop site! #yourvotecounts
not registered to vote for the upcoming midterm election? no problem, the good news is that you can register to vot… 
 : the sooner you get the flu vaccine, the sooner you'll be protected!  recommends getting your flu vaccine by the end of o…
couldn't agree with you more  
there is no right to life, liberty &amp; the pursuit of happiness w/out quality &amp; affordable healthcare. shame on… 
 : republican leadership has plans to continue destroying protections for millions of americans with pre-existing conditions.…
this president's outstanding lack of moral leadership is a grave threat to us all. 
did you know % of diagnosed breast cancers are detected by women who feel a lump? it is recommended that women ag… 
october is breast cancer awareness month. did you know, in the us,  in  women will be diagnosed with breast cance… 
i am proud to represent these fearless women of the th district! happy national women's small business month.… 
my last highlight for #nwsbm is jacquelyn thomas, founder/ceo of . girls pursuing science engages girls in… 
today i am highlighting carol waggener, founder of . bold missy brewery is charlotte's first woman-o… 
thank you  and  for joining me at my roundtable discussion yesterday at  with… 
today i am highlighting  , co-founder/ceo of bogues consulting group. bogues consulting group provides… 
yesterday, i had the pleasure of welcoming  into the th district. thank you for the tour around your fac… 
proud to have earned a  on the human rights campaign’s congressional scorecard for my support of #lgbtq equality… 
join us today /  from - pm! the resource fair will be - pm and the panel discussion will be - p… 
 : . owes us more info on the mishandling of the public service loan forgiveness program that teachers, firs…
join us tomorrow / at  from - pm! the resource fair will be - pm and the panel discussion will be… 
approximately  in  adults in the u.s. experiences mental illness each year. my district office will be hosting a… 
today i am highlighting pamela hurley, the founder/ceo of hurley writes. hurley writes provides writing workshops f… 
did you know, . million/% of women-owned businesses provide professional , scientific, or technical services (l… 
 : in a country as great as ours, hunger is a political condition. on this world food day, we are proud to fight on behalf of…
did you know that . million firms are majority-owned by women of color in the u.s.  #womeninbusiness
good morning! 
icymi 
today i am highlighting,  , the founder/ceo of  based in charlotte, north carolina. renewab… 
october is national women’s small business month! this week i am highlighting five of charlotte’s leading ceos… 
in , charlotte was ranked first in growth of number of women-owned firms among the top  metropolitan areas in… 
as a member of , i am proud to advocate for the . million firms owned by women in the u.s, employin… 
hundreds of people turned out today in charlotte to support the  and the #walktoendalzheimers… 
 : learn more about the effects that hurricane michael has had on  and our schools.  please ! …
 : happy #nationalfarmersday from the house agriculture committee. thank you for being the first link in a food chain that co…
my sympathies are with the family of former nc house co-speaker richard morgan. it was an honor to work with him on… 
 : thursday pm #ncwx update: heavy rain &amp; winds will continue for the next several hours, with some winds on the western side…
 : total power outages as of : pm on oct. , is ,. the majority of these outages are in forsyth, iredell, mecklenbu…
happy #hispanicheritagemonth! here are some facts to celebrate:  -          #latinos own more than . million busi… 
 : it’s #hispanicheritagemonth! #latinos have had a significant, positive impact on our culture &amp; economy. read more about their…
today is #nationalcomingoutday and we must all recommit to building a safe world in which lgbtq people can live ope… 
 : as michael continues to affect our area, remember: do not drive through standing water and do not walk through flooding. it…
the winds are picking up in #nc, please be safe and be sure to stay up to date on the latest. 
 : power lines can be hidden by debris and standing water, so please use extreme caution while out in damaged areas. please st…
the voter registration deadline for north carolina is tomorrow friday october th. allow your voice to be heard, r… 
 : #hurricanemichael presents several hazards across nc. pay attention to alerts from local officials and have a plan in plac…
 : am #ncwx update: #hurricanemichael is now a tropical storm &amp; is expected weaken throughout the day. a tropical storm warni…
as a result of president ’s policies and programs, #wehavelostalot. in order to get back what we’ve… 
 : michael may not be as strong as florence when it reaches nc as a tropical storm, but the same caution should be taken on r…
 : . mike sprayberry: fiman can keep you up-to-date with river levels throughout the state. login to https://t.c…
as hurricane michael makes landfall, please make sure you have the updated fema app. 
i am happy to have hosted the th district’s community career fair at walter g. byers k- school today. it was gre… 
happy #hispanicheritagemonth did you know that . million businesses in the u.s. are owned by #latinos = almost $… 
join me today at the th district’s community career fair at walter g. byers k- school. if you are looking for ne… 
happy birthday  !  as an artist, i have a profound respect for your the asc family.  cheers to  trem… 
very proud of these students.  congrats to the final three and good luck as you continue to charge forward in your… 
 : have you seen our mini documentary about ? if not, you should watch it. it's worth  minutes and  second…
#aggiepride 
the #behack is a strategic #hbcupartnership that is creating opportunities &amp; strengthening our #futureforce - i com… 
looking forward to seeing which hbcu wins #behack - hbcus are key to diversifying tech &amp; that is why the… 
the  launched the #hbcupartnershipchallenge to spur more strategic &amp; sustainable parternships w/hbcus. i… 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech  … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech  … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech  … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech  … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech  … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech  … 
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   
good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   
good luck to north carolina's  as they compete in #behack #aggiepride  … 
good luck to our district  home team  as they compete at #behack  … 
hbcu students need equal exposure and access to practical, real world tech experiences. thank you  for… 
as the chair of the  and a member of the  i know that hbcus are key to diversifying amer… 
north carolina is home to the most hbcus. they contribute more than  billion to our state economy.  hbcus are vita… 
today, senate republicans shamefully put their politics before the american people.  they haphazardly rushed a supr… 
see my full statement on judge brett kavanaugh's confirmation. 
if kavanaugh is confirmed to the supreme court,  million women risk losing abortion access, including: -. milli… 
#nc come join my staff and i as we share different resources for mental health and how to assist others. this eve… 
my district office will hold our annual community career fair on tuesday, october th from  am to pm at walter g… 
 : this week on ncdot now: ncdot is pushing to make repairs as quickly as possible following #florencenc, the dept. is distributing…
senate republicans just voted to advance kavanaugh to a final vote for confirmation to the #scotus.… 
senate majority leader  mcconnell "...[#kavanaugh] a justice we all can be proud of..."   speak for yours… 
 : this movement is more than a vote in the senate, more than the next election - it's demonstrating that survivors will b…
 : #metoo began one year ago with a few brave women coming forward, &amp; has grown into a nationwide movement to end the sile…
the continued disenfranchisement of u.s. residents continues to stand out as the most blatant violation of the most… 
senate judiciary committee chairman  claims that the #kavanaugh investigation was fair and thorough.… 
 : citing his misleading statements under oath,  house members led by ,  and  ca…
 : protect your personal information by knowing what fema inspectors will and will not ask for. if you need help registering…
today   and other republicans continued full steam ahead with the process to confirm… 
 : happening now: thousands of people have come from as far as alaska, california, hawaii, and florida to demand that senators hear…
 : the north carolina disaster relief fund is accepting contributions to help #hurricaneflorence victims at …
please come out tonight to meet your local community leaders and public officials. i commend the city of charlotte… 
 : “…workers are sending a message to anyone who will listen: restore our voice at work.” 
my district office will hold our annual community career fair on tuesday, october th from  am to pm at walter g… 
 : ✊ this is what democracy looks like. together we are strong enough to #stopkavanaugh  we want survivors everywhere to know: we su…
#nc come join my staff and i as we share different resources for mental health and how to assist others. this eve… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
calling all high school and middle school students in my district: the congressional app challenge is back! time to… 
       
my district office will hold our annual community career fair on tuesday, october th from  am to pm at walter g… 
the president mocked a victim of sexual assault who had the courage to come forward and share her truth. this isn't… 
#thurgoodmarshall was sworn in to the #scotus on this day in . as the first african american to serve on our na… 
many countries still do not permit #lgbtq couples to marry. from the military #transban to arguing in favor of outr… 
 : thanks to the office of  for meeting with nc state graduate students today and championing higher education! we appr…
 : tomorrow (wednesday, october ) at : pm edt, you’ll hear a loud tone &amp; vibration. this is a nationwide test of the wire…
my district office will hold our annual community career fair on tuesday, october th from  am to pm at walter g… 
#nc come join my staff and i as we share different resources for mental health and how to assist others. this eve… 
 : there are several ways to stay in touch with  after you’ve applied for disaster assistance following a recent disaste…
 : mercury emissions from coal-fired plants can cause brain damage in younger children.   the  has an interesting way…
 : happy birthday ! we’re looking forward to many more years of your incredible discoveries and achievements. #nasa…
 : prevent mosquito-borne disease following #hurricaneflorence. use deet and  approved repellants when spending time o…
my district office will hold our annual community career fair on tuesday, october th from  am to pm at walter g… 
one year ago, a heavily armed gunman killed  people and injured over  in las vegas. one year later, republican… 
calling all high school and middle school students in my district: the congressional app challenge is back! time to… 
 : 🗣 brett kavanaugh is not entitled to a seat on the supreme court.
 : rigging the system suggests you're afraid of the results.  keep your hands off this investigation,  …
we had a packed house here at the #onemeck service academy day! students and families received a comprehensive over… 
 : make no mistake: the  will pay for tax scam . by attacking medicare, medicaid &amp; social security. #goptaxscam ht…
anything less sends a clear message to women and survivors of assault that certain elected officials will never bel… 
with today’s committee vote in favor of brett kavanaugh, i urge senate majority leader mcconnell to postpone schedu… 
history will remember this moment as senator  and his fellow committee republicans have shamed victim… 
today, senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley kept his promise to ‘plow through’ a confirmation vote fo… 
the senate judiciary committee will vote soon on #brettkavanaugh without a single investigation of the multiple all… 
while we're fighting to #stopkavanaugh in the senate, house republicans just passed #taxscam .. the rich will con… 
 : find all nc #hurricaneflorence disaster recovery centers and their hours of operation here: . https…
my district office will hold our annual community career fair on tuesday, october th from  am to pm at walter g… 
#nc join me and my staff on october th for the “know mental health, no suicide: the symptoms &amp; stigma” panel &amp;… 
the senate judiciary committee has moved the vote on #kavanaugh to :pm, but republicans continue to vote against… 
in the land. i urge senate republicans to thoroughly investigate all allegations before any confirmation vote takes… 
dr. ford did one of the hardest things a survivor of assault can do, and her bravery &amp; strength is an example for a… 
today, dr. christine blasey ford exhibited true courage and love for country. she shared a credible account of her… 
  thank you for your continued leadership and support . i love the hat!
on average, native women make  cents on the dollar. we need #nativewomensequalpay, &amp; we need #equity for native w… 
today i joined  of my colleagues who have bravely shared their stories of domestic or sexual assault to stand up f… 
 :  members of congress who are also survivors of sexual and domestic violence demand a halt to the kavanaugh hearings today…
i have two words for sen. :  merrick. garland.   #stopthehypocrisy #webelievesurvivors
today dr. ford kept her composure, never yelled, and remained respectful as she recounted this painful memory while… 
i am saddened over the news of maddox ritch. although this is not the outcome we have all been praying for, i will… 
 : we believe dr. christine blasey ford.  we understand that today's hearing may be difficult for survivors. if you or som…
 : with my sister in the struggle  spreading the word about our call for senate republicans to stop tomorrow’s vote…
sharing our story and why #webelievesurvivors with my colleague  . this morning we sent a letter with… 
the republicans hired an outside attorney to question dr. ford like a criminal on trial. dr. ford is bravely answer… 
#findmaddox 
the house passed a $. billion disaster relief package in the faa reauthorization that includes funds for… 
#nc join me and my staff on october th for the “know mental health, no suicide: the symptoms &amp; stigma” panel &amp;… 
 : today, i joined my fellow survivors     to demand friday's vote on kavana…
as a victim of domestic violence, i will always stand with survivors of assault. today, i sent a letter with my col… 
come join us on saturday for the one meck military service day. there will be representatives from the … 
#webelievesurvivors  #postponethevote 
the #kavanaughhearings starting without a proper investigation into the multiple allegations of sexual assault. wit… 
calling all high school and middle school students in my district: the congressional app challenge is back! time to… 
i am standing with  and  to urge the senate to postpone the confirmation of… 
it is sickening to watch elected officials turn a blind eye to multiple allegations of sexual assault against… 
come join us on saturday for the one meck military service day. there will be representatives from the … 
 : .' bill the clarity on small business participation in category management act has passed in the house and would…
 : at today’s hearing on campus free speech, committee democrats highlighted the importance of civil rights protections.…
working americans cannot afford #taxscam! republicans broke their promises to the american people with the first… 
 : we are #boldignited to make sure women &amp; families can be healthy and live with dignity. we’re fighting for fair wages, dec…
#nc join me and my staff on october th for the “know mental health, no suicide: the symptoms &amp; stigma” panel &amp;… 
this year marks  years since the hyde amendment was first passed in congress. i am #boldignited to repeal coverag… 
this morning i met with members of the north carolina congressional delegation to discuss disaster recovery efforts… 
 : need a ride to or from a shelter? uber will provide  free rides up to $ each for people in impacted areas in nc through…
 : as a result of president , african americans have lost a lot. but we could lose even more if we don't vote…
small businesses are the heart of american enterprise! i applaud the house for passing my bill to improve federal c… 
today i introduced the strengthening minority-serving institutions (msi) act. msi's enroll over . million student… 
i am speaking on the house floor to urge my colleagues to pass my bill to improve federal contract opportunities fo… 
come join us on saturday for the one meck military service day. there will be representatives from the united state… 
on this #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to… 
sending my thoughts and prayers to our neighbors in gastonia as -year-old maddox ritch went missing this past week… 
the vote is the most powerful weapon of change in our democracy. today is #nationalvoterregistrationday &amp; there's o… 
#hurricaneflorence recovery efforts continue, but threats to our environment caused by toxic waste may pose a dange… 
 mcconnell is only interested in confirming #kavanaugh by any means necessary. he would rather shame a…  we know that the best way to shape policies is to listen to our constituents — &amp; these heroic  stud… 
looking forward to seeing you &amp; talking to students! 
what president trump is suggesting is unconstitutional &amp; goes against american values.   we are a nation of immigra… 
i’m going to be honest - i’m angry. but we gathered in peace at temple beth el together tonight, through the devast… 
“tree of life,” the name of the pittsburgh synagogue, is from proverbs :, which says, “[the torah] is a tree of… 
over  members of our #southjersey jewish community gathered to remember &amp; pray for those horrifically killed in… 
devastating news out of pittsburgh today. my prayers are with the members of the tree of life synagogue &amp; our brave… 
grateful this was intercepted. thank you to the postal workers &amp; investigators who are keeping our friends &amp; collea… 
visited camden county jail w/ &amp;  to listen to individual’s experiences &amp; announce an innovative… 
it's good news that congress' opioid package is now law, &amp; while we take a positive step forward today, we still mu… 
with one of #southjersey’s youngest advocates, max schill, &amp; his friends at oak knoll elementary school.   the st… 
congrats to the  gloucester county  game changers!   you are the leaders who know we need to focus on tog… 
thank you for including &amp; welcoming me.  cultural diversity is what actually makes america great. 
if you or someone you know needs help, call the national domestic violence hotline at ---safe or visit… 
we’re wearing purple ribbons in  as we announce a new countywide effort to combat the… 
i'll always stand on the right side of history by protecting &amp; advancing the rights of the lgbtq community.   i'm h… 
thank you staff sargent ed whalens for your dedication to our country &amp; our community. you are truly a hometown her… 
tonight  ::  town hall at gloucester city middle school.   see you there!  
 : great day of #on intvs.   about impact of new joint health + sciences building on #camden + the resear…
i’ve said it before &amp; i’ll say it again — hate, violence &amp; racism have no place in our communities or country.  thi… 
 : the deadline to register to vote is this tuesday! click here to find your local county board of elections and get registered…
it’s illogical that our nation’s workers are more productive than ever, but aren’t being rewarded for it.   we can… 
the best social program in the world is a good job with fair wages &amp; the dignity that comes with it.  let’s make am… 
congrats to the  for being selected as a pta #schoolofexcellence.  great to meet the students, parents… 
icymi - congress passed legislation to help curb the #opioidepidemic that included my jobs plus recovery act (… 
today's #worldmentalhealthday, a good time to recommit to increasing mental health &amp; addiction funding.
we must invest in our crumbling infrastructure!   for example, we need more collaborative efforts to ease congestio… 
pennsauken harvest festival with friends, family &amp; neighbors.   i’m one of four boys raised in pennsauken &amp; loved g… 
to all sexual assault survivors in south jersey &amp; across the country: i hear you, i believe you, i share your outra… 
like millions of americans who tuned in to the senate hearings last week, i was struck by the bravery &amp; sincerity d… 
great to see so many people out at the  health fair. always working to keep the cost of coverage dow… 
the  trump  administration  wants  to  gut  safety  regulations  put  in  place after #deepwaterhorizon. they  may… 
please be aware that this is happening soon – at : in nj. it is just a test. 
 : that's why today, ,  and i introduced the women's pension protection act. the bill improves s…
 : as we work to win full equality for women in america, we cannot overlook the retirement gap. because they are much more…
big win for workers:  is taking an important step forward. congress should follow suit. a hard day’s work de… 
re #nafta: as i review this agreement, i’ll be making sure we are raising wages for workers, safeguarding workers’… 
proud to join  to present  with a key to the city.  he lifted up out spirits as a me… 
congrats  on the nearly $, for forensic science &amp; criminal justice research that will help imp… 
this is repulsive. is this what we're doing to make america great?!  we need comprehensive immigration reform. now.… 
celebrating the re-opening of the south jersey federal credit union in voorhees with union reps, local leaders &amp; me… 
the house just passed key legislation to help combat the #opioidepidemic, &amp; it includes provisions from my jobs plu… 
i voted no on the #goptaxscam ..  we need more jobs, higher wages &amp; real tax relief for new jersey families. we d… 
tune in: i’ll be talking to tim farley  on  ch.  shortly about the latest in washington… 
this is great news for new jersey workers. let's bring the momentum to the national level &amp; #raisethewage!… 
i’m a product of  &amp; an apprenticeship program, &amp; i know firsthand how nj community colleges can lift up st… 
i believe her
 : president mcgarvey's statement on  and 's pre-apprenticeship to hardhats act. …
proud to introduce the pre-apprenticeships to hardhats act.   our bipartisan bill helps break down barriers so all… 
team norcross was proud to attend the grand opening of ’s urgent care center in somerdale.   we’re always… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday &amp; i encourage everyone in new jersey to register to vote &amp; make their voices hea… 
thank you former  &amp;  player jeff hatch for sharing your story of sports injuries, pain medication… 
for the sake of our democracy, the mueller investigation must go on without interference or interruption.  
thank you to all participants in camden’s  community summit at md anderson cancer center at cooper.… 
#bidencancersummit #lungcancer #mamanorcross 
the camden  community summit is going on now.  watch live:     … 
cool hands-on meeting with the nj short line railroad association at conrail’s command center, where we discussed t… 
thank you to all “camden works” participants! it was great to see the nearly  camden residents make connections… 
  like you, i was honored to attend.   a grateful nation must always be there for those who se… 
thank you maryville addiction treatment center for helping those struggling with the #diseaseofaddiction &amp; for hono… 
proud to be recognized by ’s african american caucus, the black foundation of michigan &amp; the conference of mi… 
just voted for a funding package that supports the kc- fleet coming to south jersey's , as well as t… 
 : for this article, a career first: interviewed  impromptu while he took a break from biking around camden 🚴‍♂️ h…
great to stop by ’s new location &amp; see job training in action.  #stem #gis #camdennj #hopeworks… 
a damning demonstration of president trump's priorities.  moving storm prep funds during hurricane season to separa… 
we need to keep focusing on jobs that provide living wages, benefits &amp; the opportunity for working men &amp; women to r… 
good news for #camdennj:    "looking to hire as many as  new employees for [the] plant in south camden.… 
in , we remember the , lives lost  years ago today, including three of our community members.… 
#september #neverforget 
it’s national truck driver appreciation week, so make sure to #thankatrucker! they often work tough hours, but aren… 
my take: it’s like the truck was going mph — trump jumped in the driver’s seat &amp; it’s still going mph.  the pro… 
watch live: back on with  &amp;  on  to discuss how president trump is taking credit for p… 
ready to talk to  &amp;  about trump’s white house &amp; the economy (&amp; how real wages are not impro… 
wishing those celebrating #roshhashanah in #southjersey &amp; around the world a happy new year! 
celebrating #southjersey towns today. team norcross was glad to join the festivities in maple shade, somerdale, wil… 
the new alberta woods park has opened in #camden, &amp; this park renovation is just one of many neighborhood renewal e… 
#whatsatstake? a woman’s right to choose.   take a look at this  comparison of ruth bader ginsburg vs.… 
#fightfor #raisethewage  we must follow my home state's lead in congress so full-time working americans aren't li… 
enjoyed helping  put together packages for the brave men &amp; women serving our country overseas.   my thanks… 
 : happening now: ranking member scott joins , , , &amp;  to release…
 : . , ,  and i traveled the country hearing directly from workers. today, we are…
to make our economy work for all of us, not just the rich &amp; powerful, working people must be able stand &amp; fight tog… 
 : today, i’m joining ,  and  to release a report on the #futureofworkwageslabor…
the best social program in the world is a good-paying job &amp; the dignity that comes with it.   proud to announce $.… 
important read one day after #laborday.   : "donald trump loves the working class as a mascot, but despi… 
reminder of #whatsatstake as the #kavanaughconfirmationhearing begin: • workers' ability to organize for higher wag… 
icymi - we’re memorializing the ‘father of #laborday’ (&amp; my hometown hero) in #pennsaukennj.   the peter j. mcguire… 
 : as we celebrate workers on #laborday, we must acknowledge the realities facing hardworking men and women. check out rep.…
happy #laborday to all of the hardworking men &amp; women who power our economy.  #laborday #labordayweekend 
that was a beautiful service for senator mccain.  it reminds us how great a nation we truly are.  now, it’s on all… 
right now, one person is dying every day from an overdose in my district in nj alone. that’s tragic, &amp; we need to k… 
new jersey – this piece is worth your read.  it's funny &amp; moving – an appropriate reflection of an american hero. i… 
so proud to announce that the peter j. mcguire memorial &amp; gravesite is now part of the new jersey state register of… 
 : this is a direct attack on public servants. handing $. trillion to corporations as they ship jobs overseas is fiscally…
 : “president trump’s plan to freeze wages for these patriotic workers next year ignores the fact that they are worse off to…
it's almost #laborday &amp;, as we ready to celebrate workers, let's look at the realities facing hardworking men &amp; wom… 
wait, what?!  #hurricanemaria &amp; the humanitarian crisis that followed claimed thousands more lives than trump repor… 
just announced $m+ for #southjersey to help stop acts of violence before they happen w/ &amp;… 
it's been  years since dr. king gave his inspiring #ihaveadream speech &amp; it's a good time to reflect on how far w… 
our country can truly benefit by moving away from the old, job-killing model that the corporate lobby drafted, &amp; i… 
as we review this bilateral agreement, i’ll be making sure we are raising wages for workers, safeguarding workers’… 
any trade deal must first &amp; foremost benefit american workers.   our workforce clearly suffered from #nafta, &amp; in… 
the trump admin &amp; republicans: for the student loan industry  democrats: for students &amp; #forthepeople 
glad to see this appropriate, patriotic tribute in my home state. 
senator john mccain was a true american patriot who helped define public service &amp; love of country.  rest in peace 
so very sad to hear the news about , a true american patriot. my family will be praying for his comfort &amp; for his loved ones.
thank you governor &amp;   for standing up to the trump administration in their blatant att… 
this inclusive #nj law honors #cherryhill native jacob cummings-nast &amp; helps children &amp; adults w/disabilities.  tha… 
must read from a teacher (back in february when trump first suggested this counterproductive policy idea):… 
this would put our students &amp; teachers in grave danger, while robbing them of the resources they desperately need.… 
thank you  &amp; all law enforcement partners. these arrests will help keep our community safe. 
for anyone who thought this graphic was hyperbole, please read this recent  transcript:… 
 : today, giuliani added to orwell’s liturgy:  war is peace.   slavery is freedom.   ignorance is strength.   truth isn’t t…
americans &amp; new jerseyans are ready – &amp; waiting – for us to #raisethewage.   thanks, governor. let's keep up the… 
if you &amp; your family are interested in visiting the nation’s capital this fall, please reach out to my office so we… 
   no apology needed. glad to clear it up.  and thanks for calling, tweeting and weighing in.
do you have an interesting app idea?  my office is participating in the congressional app challenge &amp; #southjersey… 
 i signed on to the letter &amp; am standing with my colleagues in strongly opposing hate.  (you can se… 
another huge milestone in the city of camden as we demolish camden labs &amp; showcase our city’s commitment to overall… 
it's a good day for the port of paulsboro!  a key water infrastructure project is receiving $. million.  thanks… 
for  years, #socialsecurity has provided seniors with stability &amp; security.   we must protect it.   #socsec
i was honored to unveil the new street sign named for brooklawn councilman tommy macadams, who lost his battle with… 
the statistics clearly show who the #goptaxscam helped:   real wages are down, but stock buy… 
great news for #nj workers! 
camden is rising, &amp; our city will continue to grow &amp; thrive as we keep working together. thanks to the camden busin… 
#throwbackthursday as we remember heather heyer &amp; the hate we saw on display last year.  if you're protesting, rall… 
i stand in solidarity with  &amp; all federal workers as they demand the right to organize. 
. had another successful #nationalnightout!   i’m always impressed by the top state &amp; nationally-ranked cele… 
 : a constituent service fair was held at  for residents in representative ’s district. …
 : "the gag rule is the latest rollback in time. we are going to win this.”   #nogagrule #ppactionnj https://t.…
thanks to everyone who made our rd annual constituent services fair a success!   i learned a lot speaking directly… 
reminder: over  government agencies &amp; social services will be available to assist you all day at . hope… 
great to speak  with the next generation of #nuclear leaders!   #nuclearvisionary #southjersey 
these #nj political interns are going to run the world someday - &amp; i look forward to it.  #rowaninternsummit… 
update: we have over  government agencies &amp; social services confirmed for our constituent services fair on monda… 
if it wasn't obvious enough that congress must protect the mueller investigation, this latest trump tweet should co… 
click on this article because you love ...  ... and then read the whole thing after laughing aloud at… 
. has been a staple in our #camden community for  years.  happy anniversary to our town’s favorite k… 
the president just signed our bipartisan #cte bill into law.  career &amp; technical training is often overlooked, &amp; it… 
as a fmr electrician who worked in times of crisis, i'm so relieved that these hardworking men &amp; women will no long… 
#onthisday:  years ago, lbj signed #medicare &amp; #medicaid into law, providing access to healthcare for millions of… 
d-printed guns will put american lives at risk &amp; we need to take action before august st.  (letter w/… 
 : update: join us on tues. august th at pm for a press conference opposing the title x gag rule in #trenton. guest speaker…
last week, i had the honor of visiting sailors from new jersey aboard the destroyer in the south pacific.… 
 : new jersey workers demand $. new jersey voters demand $. the governor demands $.  demands $. time fo…
happy #nationalnewjerseyday!  i’m proud to have grown up &amp; raised my family in #southjersey.  
career &amp; technical training is often overlooked, &amp; shouldn’t be.   we need electricians &amp; programmers, just like we… 
i support federal workers &amp; their right to join together to raise wages, expand benefits &amp; improve their workplaces… 
 : . - "this isn't about what retirees or unions did. it's about real threats retirees face - retirees who defer…
 : funny, this isn't what the house gop and president trump told us would happen with the #goptaxscam …
#todayinhistory:  years ago the fed #minimumwage increased to $. &amp; it's been + years since last vote.  that's… 
should a quality degree have to come with a mountain of student debt?  ...we don’t think so, either.  that's why we… 
the #alderholtamendment provides #licensetodiscriminate against loving, gay families &amp; prevents children from being… 
it's illogical that american workers are more productive than ever, but profits are all going to ceo bonuses &amp; offs… 
 : rep.  (nj-) visited  in camden, nj to see firsthand how they’re using waste to generate clean,…
the #senecafalls convention launched the women's rights movement  years ago.  today, we must continue to fight f… 
interested in the fleet?   here's info on my efforts this year to ensure the kc-s are delivered to our base on sc… 
good read from 's debra dilorenzo about the importance of the kc- fleet that's coming to   
save the date: my constituent services fair is less than three weeks away.  rsvp for this free #southjersey event o… 
trump isn’t sure who to believe or who to blame. well i am mr. president: believe america &amp; blame putin.  /
i support the unanimous conclusion of america's intelligence community that russia hacked the  u.s. presidentia… 
thread: president trump thinks russia’s dictator is just as credible as america’s top intelligence &amp; law enforcemen… 
the older americans act turns  today. the act allowed seniors to live with dignity during retirement. #oaaturns… 
the pension crisis is a national emergency. i will keep working tirelessly for those who have deferred their dreams… 
      great to see this! thanks, ashley &amp; laurie.
must-read "worker wages drop while companies spend billions to boost stocks"  this is the sad reality about the gre… 
america's workers are caring for aging parents &amp; elderly loved ones, often while raising children, &amp; our policies d… 
as an electrician who worked for years on the tops of bridges &amp; refineries, i know first-hand the dangers facing… 
thank you to all lineman! you keep our country running every day!   journeyman lineman recognition day resolution i… 
 : u.s. rep.  visited a camden group's shelter home for migrant teens separated from their families. here's what he s…
the president’s nominee is far outside the mainstream, &amp; his appointment threatens to remake the crown jewel of our… 
 : njans whom  &amp; i met at  today don't deserve to lose protections for preexisting condition…
proud to join  at camcare, an fhcq in #camdennj, ahead of president trump’s supreme court announcem… 
thanks to everyone who shared their very personal stories. by working together &amp; strengthening commitments, we can… 
we’re all set for our roundtable with #southjersey seniors &amp; .   we need to work together, have productiv… 
about time!!  #actonclimate #bootpruitt  #tbt:  
#tbt:  years ago the national labor relations act was signed into law. it guarantees workers the right to join to… 
have a good #thofjuly, everyone. happy birthday america!  #independenceday #independenceday 
tomorrow is #independenceday. today (&amp; every day), let’s stand against policies that are un-american &amp; make changes… 
great visit to  #camden to see firsthand how they’re using waste to generate clean, renewable energy.… 
inspired by everyone coming together to say that #familiesbelongtogether.   icymi - in camden, nj i discussed why i… 
here is more information about the restoring oversight for members of congress act: … 
thank you camden mayor moran, nj senator cruz-perez &amp; #southjersey faith leaders who joined me today to stand stron… 
curious what happened involving my visiting separated children in #southjersey?   i explain the situation in this v… 
i proudly stood with faith leaders &amp; members of our diverse #camden community today to say that:)separating famili… 
ahead of the final weekend of #pride, we told president trump we're disappointed his administration has again faile… 
listen in: talking #janusvsafscme shortly on   (ch.)  the goal in the #janus case was o… 
proud to announce that joyce fang is our  congressional art competition champion!  i'm so impressed with her ab… 
i sat at the negotiating table fighting for working families for decades, &amp; i’m outraged at the recent attacks on t… 
my reaction to #janusvsafscme  
#netneutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites we see online.  #savetheinternet 
employees should be hired &amp; fired based on their ability to do the job, not for who they are or whom they love.… 
our allies &amp; even our own intelligence community have told us president trump's muslim bans will weaken – not stren… 
impressive showing from the #collingswood community against family separations. team norcross was proud to attend &amp;… 
five years after the supreme court gutted the voting rights act, americans want us to make democracy accessible for… 
no judges or courts? ignoring all due process?  does our president care more about our country's values or exciting… 
icymi -  &amp;  get $k for scientific research that will help advance medicine, techn… 
i am actively trying to visit separated children who are now in #southjersey.   the impacts of the inhumane trump a… 
the strength of our country is our workforce &amp; our children are our future. apparently the trump administration val… 
i highly recommend this quick read. this is just as relevant today as it was a year ago.    …  grateful for the opportunity to participate in a town hall discussion with giroux glass san bernardino employees. t… 
don't believe republicans when they say they support coverage for pre-existing conditions.  says the claim… 
❌, #ca residents could lose their coverage or see their premiums skyrocket ❌, people with pre-existing… 
if the trump administration is successful, insurers can start denying coverage for people with pre-existing conditi… 
republicans have been sabotaging the affordable care act for the last  years, driving premiums up for working fami… 
great news for inland students from  
good news that  is offering all employees back-up subsidized child and adult care, if their regularly-sch… 
manufacturing is at the heart of the inland empire economy. by supporting job training and education programs, we c… 
#hispanicheritagemonth isn't just about honoring our past, it's also about recognizing the contributions latinos ar… 
i'm proud to announce this funding which will help us create opportunities for families all across san bernardino county.
inland empire families should have the resources they need to achieve the american dream of home-ownership, and our… 
reminder- inland empire students who want to compete in this year's congressional app challenge have until october… 
the contributions of latinos have made our country stronger, safer and more prosperous. i’m proud of my heritage, a… 
this project is about so much more than affordable housing. it's about rebuilding our community to make the inland… 
this is an incredibly brave and honest look at what’s at stake in the kavanaugh nomination. grateful for the courag… 
the behavior described in these allegations is horrifying. the american people deserve a thorough fbi investigation… 
happy #nationalvoterregistrationday our democracy works best when we all make our voices heard, and your vote is yo… 
csusb has become a national leader in cyber security, helping prepare inland empire students for st century jobs.… 
icymi: last week i had a great discussion with inland empire students about how we can work together to make our co… 
to kick off #hispanicheritagemonth, i spent some time at fort irwin celebrating the contributions latinos have made… 
the senate should not be voting to advance a supreme court nominee who’s been credibly accused of sexual assault.… 
working my way through the ie one taco shop at a time! had a great time during my latest stop at the legendary paco… 
 : happy national hispanic-serving institutions week to the # #hsis across the country. some of our supporters in congress join…
inland empire students are bright, passionate and engaged, and that showed today at my student town hall. thanks… 
our fire agencies partner at the state, local and tribal levels to protect our region. i'm proud to announce this f… 
our immigration system is broken, and we’re going to have to work across the aisle to fix it. yesterday, i had a gr… 
 years ago today, nearly , of our fellow americans were taken by a horrific act of terror. today we renew our… 
icymi: last week, i invited inland empire middle and high school students to participate in the  congressional… 
with hundreds of employees in #ca,  and  are some of the inland empire's largest employers. i ha… 
inland empire firefighters work long hours in extreme conditions to keep our community safe. last week i had a chan… 
ca is dealing with an especially tough fire season, and we need to make sure our local firefighters have every reso… 
as of now, dreamers are still able to apply for renewal of their daca status. i encourage all eligible dreamers to… 
a full year has passed since  ended daca, and in that year congress has failed to take any action t… 
i wanted to switch it up for today's #tacotuesday so i stopped for some taquitos at el taquito in colton. which inl… 
i'm excited to host this competition to give inland empire students a platform to showcase their talents. coding wi… 
so sad to hear about this horrible act of violence in our community. with federal cooperation and resources we can… 
for today's #tacotuesday, i stopped by leno's rico taco in colton with dan flores, member of the board of education… 
every inland empire family should have access to high-quality health care, regardless of their economic situation.… 
senator mccain always did what he thought was best for the country. working with him on a bipartisan compromise to… 
john mccain dedicated his entire life to serving our country. my thoughts are with his family tonight as we mourn t… 
by working to support our local manufacturers, we can ensure there are good-paying jobs in the inland empire for ye… 
it's absolutely heartbreaking to hear about these tragedies in our community. if you or someone you know are strugg… 
right now, cyber attacks are one of the greatest threats to our national security. i'm proud that the oppounity a… 
the latest stop on my #tacotuesday tour of inland empire small businesses was at taco shack in redlands with my fri… 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
thanks to everyone who came out to my  inland empire job fair today! it’s always great to connect inland empire… 
one of my top priorities is connecting inland empire residents with good-paying jobs right here in our region. stop… 
communities like ours rely on small businesses to create jobs, but the burden of student loan debt has made it hard… 
earlier this summer i kicked off my #tacotuesday tour with some shredded beef tacos at super burrito in san bernard… 
while working families in communities like ours haven’t seen a wage increase in years, the president is planning to… 
thanks to everyone who came out to my veterans' resource fair on friday! if you weren't able to attend and are look… 
in this week's #dearpete, i wrote to michelle in san bernardino to tell her that although only our senators have a… 
thanks to the republican tax law, wealthy corporations are paying less in taxes than ever before while working fami… 
daca recipients go to our schools, start businesses in our communities, and even serve in our military. they deserv… 
i’m proud that the appropriations committee passed my bipartisan amendment with  to ensure that no da… 
my goal has always been to give inland empire families a voice in congress, and events like this one make that poss… 
thanks to everyone who came out to my senior fair in rancho cucamonga last week! if you still have questions about… 
we know that ’s #scotus nominee will pose a direct threat to a woman’s right to make her own health… 
this heartbreaking story is another example of the lasting damage ’s cruel policies have inflicted… 
today the house passed my bill to honor the memory of jack h. brown. from founding the boys &amp; girls club of san ber… 
connecting inland empire seniors with resources in our community is one of my top priorities. if you or a senior yo… 
any policy that instructs our government to lock up innocent children is a bad policy. today i urged my colleagues… 
loma linda university offers world-class medical &amp; dental education right here in the inland empire. i'm proud to a… 
this is as infuriating as it is heartbreaking. these parents should not have to wait another day to see the childre… 
i respect the right of our local officials to make this decision, but i hope that da ramos, da-elect anderson and t… 
we cannot allow racism and bigotry to have a place in our society, especially not in our government. the comments m… 
from my family to yours, happy #independenceday! 
leonardo is a great example of the passionate, bright and talented students we have in the inland empire. it was an… 
this additional funding will not only help us meet the growing challenges of cyber threats to our national security… 
. brought two partisan bills to the floor this week that proved they have no interest in reuniting familie… 
the inland empire knows all too well the tragedy that can result from an act of domestic terror. that's why i'm pro… 
i’ll continue standing with , , , , , and the entire labor movement for… 
from higher wages to better health care, #unions give a voice to those demanding change in a rigged system. this de… 
this is why we introduced the bipartisan #usaact with  and . americans are ready for… 
this bigoted policy goes against the values that make america great. we can’t allow today’s decision to deter us, a… 
head start is a critical resource for working families in the inland empire. i'm proud to announce this funding whi… 
the opioid epidemic has hit every community across our country, including our own. i’m proud to have helped pass a… 
thanks to  for continuing to support bipartisan solutions to modernize our border, protect dreamers,… 
despite support from both parties,  just killed our discharge petition to start an open debate on daca. th… 
always great to have inland empire students in dc, especially when they pretend to laugh at my jokes. thanks to… 
happy to lend you a pen, . 
i applaud this bipartisan rejection of the president's attempt to strip billions from programs like the children's… 
the president's family separation policy is a violation of human rights, and i won't stand by while… 
on #juneteenth, we celebrate  years since the downfall of slavery in the united states. as we reflect on how… 
the oppounity act, my bill to connect a diverse pool of students with the  cyber scholarship progra… 
nominating students from our region to attend us service academies is always an honor. if you know an inland empire… 
congratulations to adam gomez of grand terrace and david lopez of rancho cucamonga, who will attend the us naval ac… 
this father’s day, thousands of parents are missing their children who were ripped away by the trump administration… 
small businesses are the foundation of the inland empire economy, and microloans can play a major role in helping t… 
today, six years after the creation of the daca program, i joined my colleagues to say that despite president trump… 
republicans have a chance to claim control of this process by signing the discharge petition today. only  signatur… 
proud to represent , , and #ca in today’s bipartisan #congressionalbaseballgame for cha… 
daca recipients serving in the us military deserve to know that they’ll be able to continue living in the country t… 
 : for months –  days to be exact –  has promised to address the #daca crisis created by . instead, he has…
unfortunately,  voted to kill the amendment. i will continue fighting to ensure that daca recipient… 
earlier this year, secretary mattis said that the brave daca recipients who choose to serve our country in the arme… 
time’s been running out since the second the president decided to end daca. i urge my republican colleagues to foll… 
mrs. aguilar has to do a lot of family stuff each week, but dusting off the glove and warming me up for the… 
americans believe in standing up for the vulnerable, not sending them back into harm’s way. the kindness of the ame… 
we’re three signatures away from moving forward the bipartisan discharge petition on our #queenofthehill rule. it’s… 
last year, we fought to stop  from stripping health care coverage from millions of americans with p… 
great to see my friend  back on the field! i’m usually not okay with the other team spying on our prac… 
protecting dreamers shouldn't be a partisan issue. i'm grateful to leaders like  for standing with us as… 
forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of the brave service members who went into harm’s way in the name of… 
during #immigrantheritagemonth, we’re reminded that the american story is the story of immigrants and their search… 
. spent more than $ million on a -member security detail in his first year in office, an amount t… 
had a great time answering questions about congress from rancho cucamonga middle school students this morning. than… 
 : our mayors and county executives commend the bipartisan efforts to break the impasse in congress and bring up immigrat…
this morning ag sessions proudly described your policy to take children from their parents at the border to deter t… 
this is just not true. , this is your cruel and inhumane policy and you must take action to end it.… 
every american should be entitled to equal protection under the law, regardless of sexual orientation. we must pass… 
our bipartisan bill would provide dreamers with a path to citizenship in the only country they’ve ever known as hom… 
happy #pride month! as we celebrate the #lgbtq community, we must also continue to stand up against… 
our country was built by immigrants and our policies should reflect that. the trump administration must put an end… 
i wrote the usa act with  because dreamers deserve a chance to earn citizenship in the only country t… 
filling shelters with children who were ripped from their parents is not sound immigration policy, it’s outright cr… 
today we honor the service and sacrifice of those who gave their lives for our freedom. thank you to all who have s… 
beautiful day to hang out at the redlands firefighter local  car show downtown with the little guys. 
in case you missed it: last week i introduced the jobs act to help connect inland empire residents with employment… 
breaking: the oppounity act, my bill to help ensure that students of color aren’t overlooked as we recruit the ne… 
san bernardino county relies on the dept. of transportation for critical improvements to our infrastructure. we sho… 
i’m proud that this legislation to help diverse groups of students access the  cyber scholarship prog… 
as global cyber threats continue to increase, we need to make sure that the us has the most advanced #cyberdefense… 
my amendment would require the dod to provide a -year estimate of the costs associated with updating our nuclear… 
filling in for  as the unofficial  congressional liaison. thanks to  and … 
we need to use every available tool to help inland empire residents find good jobs in our community. i’m proud to i… 
 : paid a visit to the office of my new friend  today. as a former hill intern, i can’t resist pitching in when i…
this is heartbreaking. we can’t stay complacent. congress must act to protect our kids. 
with  republicans signed on and over  signers in total, we are well on our way to a successful discharge petit… 
we were sent to congress to debate ideas and vote on solutions to the country’s problems, not sit around and duck t… 
crazy idea: we pass legislation that leads to fewer hungry kids, not , more of them.   the #gopfarmbill is ou… 
hatred, bigotry and discrimination have no place in america, and we must continue working toward true equality. to… 
through their countless acts of bravery, we’ve seen that inland empire law enforcement officials are some of the be… 
local economies like ours in san bernardino county rely on the contributions of immigrants, and this administration… 
dreamers start businesses, raise families and pay taxes in this country, but congress still hasn’t taken action to… 
i had a great time teaching mr. grande’s senior government class at cajon high school as the latest stop on my job… 
cyber warfare is one of the most serious threats to our national security, which is why i'm proud to introduce this… 
republicans and democrats agree that it’s time to put politics aside and #protectdreamers. i’m proud to support thi… 
thank you, .  
thank you, . 
thank you, . 
thank you, . 
thank you, . 
thank you, . 
thank you, . 
thank you, . 
thank you to  and my republican colleagues for demonstrating true leadership today. this is yet another… 
for far too long, dreamers have been left in limbo while congress and the president play politics with their future… 
last week, i was proud to announce this funding to help san bernardino county residents achieve the dream of homeow… 
happy #teacherappreciationweek to all the hard working teachers in our community who go the extra mile to take care… 
the winner of this year’s #congressionalartcompetition is leonardo bueno from carter high school in rialto! i’m exc… 
to get the inland empire economy moving again, we’ve got to make sure that everyone in our region has access to aff… 
preparing our kids for the next phase of their lives is as important and challenging as any job in the inland empir… 
america is a nation of immigrants, and our immigration policies need to reflect that. visiting the border this week… 
happy #smallbusinessweek to all of the small business owners and employees in san bernardino county! small business… 
there are now nearly  house members signed onto our #queenofthehill rule to allow us to start debate on legislat… 
the  should be focused on safeguarding our environment for future generations, not lurching from scandal to sca… 
this is good news for dreamers in our community but is another example of the daily uncertainty these young people… 
on the th anniversary of the tragic columbine shooting, i joined students from across our community in rancho cuc… 
had a great time talking about community service, growing up in the inland empire, and how to improve my swing with… 
by partnering at the federal, local and private levels, we can help continue to rebuild san bernardino’s economy. i… 
if your #daca status expired on or after september , , you may still be eligible for a renewal. apply here thr… 
i’m so proud of the students in our community who stood up and spoke out today to make their voices heard in the fi… 
 : one of the bills to be debated if the provision passes is the "usa act," i talked to  and  ab…
republicans and democrats agree that we can’t wait any longer to #protectdreamers. i’m proud that  members of th… 
dreamers serve in our military, teach in our schools and give back to our communities, so why won’t  le… 
watch live as we discuss our bipartisan #queenofthehill rule to force a debate on a permanent daca solution. 
happy #taxday! today we are reminded that ’s tax plan was designed to make the richest americans an… 
on yom hashoah, as we mourn the lives of the  million jewish people taken by the evil forces of nazism in the holo… 
dreamers like lety represent the best of our community, and i was proud to invite her to washington to share her st… 
inland empire veterans deserve every available resource to help them succeed. i’m proud to announce this funding wh… 
americans rely on accurate census data, and adding a citizenship question to the #census is nothing more than a… 
it’s simple— women deserve equal pay for equal work. on #equalpayday, we should commit ourselves to creating an eco… 
if your daca status expired after  decided to end the program last year, you can still submit a ren… 
two years ago, i promised these displaced ashley employees that i’d have their backs after their jobs were shipped… 
dr. king was a visionary whose ideas inspired a generation.  years after he was taken from us, we must commit our… 
. is one of the largest employers in our region and has played a major role in the inland empire’s recovery… 
i know  doesn’t appreciate hard-working jobs like those of us in the inland empire, but these… 
i’ve extended the deadline for submissions to the #congressionalartcompetition for high school students to friday,… 
this is a thinly-veiled attempt to bully immigrants and politicize the us census. i’m glad that california is stepp… 
today our community made it loud and clear that weapons of war have no place on our streets. i’m proud to stand wit… 
i’m proud of my community for stepping up and demanding change to #endgunviolence. san bernardino has shown time an… 
you’re right, this bill does leave #dreamers behind, but you created this crisis. you ended the daca program. you l… 
my colleague  and i agree that this omnibus was an incomplete deal without a solution to… 
my office is accepting original artwork for the congressional art competition until march rd! if you know a high… 
i sit on the house appropriations committee and for the record, we did not authorize $, of taxpayer money for… 
., the president has rejected every serious bipartisan solution so far. if your department is serious ab… 
#monthsaftermaria american citizens in puerto rico are still living without power or reliable access to safe drink… 
grateful for the chance to help distribute bags of groceries at the first presbyterian church food pantry in san be… 
i was sad to learn of the passing of my friend rep. louise slaughter— a trailblazer as the first woman to chair the… 
my friend  is right. #dreamers deserve to know whether they’ll be able to continue the lives they’ve… 
from san bernardino to washington, i stand with all the students taking action today to #endgunviolence and tell co… 
fake news. your own ice spokesperson resigned today because he couldn't lie about immigration policies for you anym… 
my job is to listen to the ideas in our community and take them back to washington, and discussions like these help… 
happy #iwd! as we celebrate and reflect on the achievements of women in our community and around the world toda… 
funny how jeff sessions stops caring about states’ rights when he has a chance to push ’s anti-immi… 
we’re still trying to solve the problem  created when he ended daca six months ago, but we can’t do… 
clean up on aisle ! every time the president comes close to a commonsense, bipartisan compromise white house staff… 
 : where are democrats?  proposing bipartisan solutions to #protectdreamers, which you continue to reject: ./…
i’ll be live with  soon to discuss daca, immigration and more. tune in to  to hear more.   : looks like we’re not the only ones concerned with secretary zinke’s multiple scandals and pretending to be above the law. #inve…
for the past two years trump and the gop have relentlessly attacked the #aca and pre-existing conditions protection… 
so we have some simple questions for the president:   . will you order the doj to intervene in texas, et al v. u.s… 
your administration is currently backing a lawsuit that nullifies protections for pre-existing conditions despite s… 
hey  --   stop with the lies and distractions &amp; actually stand up for pre-existing condition protec… 
trump's #cultureofcorruption is still alive and well with ryan zinke at the helm of the interior department.   the… 
this administration has proved they have no solutions over the past two years.   trump is showing us his hand and h… 
 : president trump claimed in an interview the u.s. is the "only country in the world" with birthright citizenship.  that's f…
 : to be clear: this is un-constitutional under the th amendment. we are a nation of immigrants and we always have been. tr…
 : . is leading the charge to create a less partisan and more representative congress w/ #rankedchoicevoting #fairre…
 : president trump can’t change the constitution unilaterally – we live in a democracy whether he likes it or not.   what h…
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
 : rabbi chuck diamond, who served as a rabbi at tree of life synagogue for seven years, makes a plea to trump on visiting p…
to be clear: this is un-constitutional under the th amendment. we are a nation of immigrants and we always have b… 
this is why meaningful congressional oversight is so important. the president must be held accountable.   if trump… 
 : the facts are clear: republicans are trying to dismantle critical protections for americans with pre-existing conditions. h…
 : congressman of virginia, don beyer gives an illuminating speech on his upcoming efforts to push forward legislation to in…
yet another reminder that donald trump lost the popular vote by  million. 
 : i am hearbroken by the tragic shooting in matthews. i am praying for the victim's family and the community. we must come…
 : gap between votes won and seats held in the us house is “already striking” and could grow after the midterms.there’s a better…
the shooting in pittsburgh was a dark day in our nation’s history &amp; yet another reminder of the desperate need for… 
 : 
 : i’m heartbroken by the tragic shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. this is an act of hate, plain &amp; simpl…
 : anti-semitic terrorist in pittsburgh was obsessed with hebrew immigrant aid society, whose offices are in my district and wh…
 : they wouldn’t try so hard to take your vote away if it didn’t matter. 
this is important...   despite popular support for the aca, despite republicans lying about their support for prote… 
the federal budget deficit is soaring, and you can blame it all on republican tax cuts 
 : the lives lost at tree of life synagogue:  joyce fienberg,  richard gottfried,  rose mallinger,  jerry rabinowitz…
 : the gop agenda:   step : explode the deficit by giving corporations a giant tax cut with the #goptaxscam   step : gut me…
 : trump’s plan to combat these tragedies is to put guns and armed guards in places of worship.   his lack of empathy is just…
 : the names of the deceased. from allegheny co. medical examiner's office.  joyce fienberg,  richard gottfried rose malli…
they wouldn’t try so hard to take your vote away if it didn’t matter. 
 : hundreds attend a candlelight vigil tonight in the squirrel hill neighborhood of pittsburgh to honor the synagogue attack vict…
trump’s plan to combat these tragedies is to put guns and armed guards in places of worship.   his lack of empathy… 
 : trump now saying that if there were more armed people in the synagogue the outcome would have been much better.  hate is pa…
 : i am on the scene at the tree of life synagogue shooting in pittsburgh.   i have spoken with local leaders and my admi…
the developing situation in pittsburgh is horrifying. our hearts go to the victims and their families at the tree o… 
let this sink in.   a sitting american president is saying the attempted bombing of his political opponents is stop… 
new report from : “as many as . million people in the affordable care act’s individual market to l… 
 : democratic control of the house could mean boost for nasa's climate science mission,  tells #politicospace ahea…
 : a suspect was arrested in south florida in connection with the string of mail bombs.  deep gratitude to the law enforceme…
this is abhorrent and shameful. 
 : . is right. gop voted to gut protections for millions w pre-ex conditions, are using the courts to end guaranteed cov…
 : ronald reagan has a message for mitch mcconnell: social security (unlike the $ trillion #goptaxscam) doesn't contribute one p…
 : #hungerfreealexandria - please share this useful information about food pantries throughout the city of alexandria. thanks for…
congressional republicans and the white house have had almost  years to come up with a solution to fix our broken… 
 : the #fbi has confirmed an th package has been recovered in florida, similar in appearance to the others, addressed to sen. cory…
the gop agenda:   step : explode the deficit by giving corporations a giant tax cut with the #goptaxscam   step :… 
 : this is clearly a petty attempt to limit first amendment rights &amp; demonstration activity that trump doesn’t like.   so we'…
 : ranking members   &amp;  wrote a letter of concern () nearly two years a…
 : .'s words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. time &amp; time again, h…
 : a growing chorus of democratic lawmakers are calling for an investigation into whether trump has divulged classified info…
 : joined my colleagues in urging  to extend the public comment period for ’ rule to limit free speech on th…
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
republican leadership has refused to conduct any oversight over the trump administration for the past two years. an… 
like scott pruitt, ryan zinke has little regard for basic ethical standards in place to prevent public officials fr… 
 : when trump took office i warned republicans about the dangers of his cell phone usage. no oversight was conducted under th…
when trump took office i warned republicans about the dangers of his cell phone usage. no oversight was conducted u… 
 : we are closer than ever to a 🌍 without polio. since , wild polio cases have been reduced by over % – down to a historic l…
 : this is a lie.   the trump administration is in the middle of supporting a lawsuit that would gut protections for people w…
shocking. 
 : social security is not an “entitlement”. it's time we correct this misnomer. social security is the insurance that you h…
this is clearly a petty attempt to limit first amendment rights &amp; demonstration activity that trump doesn’t like.… 
the trump administration recently proposed changes to how people can protest &amp; assemble on the national mall.  thes… 
this was an attempt to attack our free press and our leaders. i commend all law enforcement agencies involved for t… 
 : "you will be in very good hands when andrew gillum is elected governor," hillary clinton says while campaigning for florid…
 : hillary clinton: "many of you and others across our country have asked after me and my family and i'm very grateful for that…
this is a lie.   the trump administration is in the middle of supporting a lawsuit that would gut protections for p… 
 : don’t be fooled – president trump is no friend of #cleanair. he’s trying to reverse clean water and air rules to clear the way…
 : . and  talk about why america wants to send humans to explore mars. stofan: “i think that’s very comp…
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
november is coming. we cannot let this happen. 
 : a big thanks to our amazing #transformersspace guests      …
 : this graph perfectly sums up where trump's priorities truly lie. the #goptaxscam made no effort whatsoever to improve wage…
this has absolutely no place in the commonwealth of virginia. 
disbanding metro's riders' advisory council would be a blow to transparency and accountability, which we desperatel… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : rm  and + democrats are pushing blm to rescind a rule that’s limiting public input on #publiclands energy dev…
wow the whole "republicans care about people with pre-existing conditions" thing really lasted. 
 : it’s been nearly  years since neil armstrong landed on the moon.  asks ,  and …
 : “it’s a commitment to science and technology that helps create the jobs of the future.”- on the importance of #s…
 : . asks ,  and  about american leadership in space, whether the u.s. is leadin…
here at the  #transformers space summit with ,  and  discussing the ne… 
 : tune in live this morning for #transformers: space featuring an interview with  mike pence. plus, you'll hear from nasa’s…
 : we’re set for an exciting morning at the  #transformers space event, featuring , , , …
this graph perfectly sums up where trump's priorities truly lie. the #goptaxscam made no effort whatsoever to impro… 
 : trump and the republicans have controlled the white house and congress for the past two years.   anytime he whines about i…
 : trans people #wontbeerased trans people #wontbeerased trans people #wontbeerased trans people #wontbeerased trans people #wontbe…
the idea that trump and congressional republicans care about protecting people with pre-existing conditions is a fa… 
 : amazon won’t say a word about where it plans to put its much-hyped second headquarters, but there is a growing consensus that…
trump and the republicans have controlled the white house and congress for the past two years.   anytime he whines… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
on november st the virginia dept. of medical assistance services will begin accepting applications from residents… 
trans rights are human rights. 
trump tweeted that he wants to protect people with pre-existing conditions, which everyone knows is not true.   in… 
trump’s claim about climate scientists is ‘misleading and very damaging,’ weather group says 
“a handful of states, most of them led by republicans, are using someone's decision not to vote as the trigger for… 
 : this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now  f…
 : “one can only wonder if the white house has given him its blessing after  days on the job and it intends that he wi…
 : your future starts today! stop by the public safety career fair before  pm today (//)! please share with anyone w…
trump praised violence against a reporter after a member of the media was just killed two weeks ago. despicable. 
 : a trump campaign operative who was tapped to oversee multiple investigations into ryan zinke’s misconduct as secretary jus…
a trump campaign operative who was tapped to oversee multiple investigations into ryan zinke’s misconduct as secret… 
 : more than , kids are in immigrant shelters today, compared to , in may . and the trump administration wants t…
 : rm , ,  &amp;  are urging scrutiny of the new  inspector general. it's…
 : important thread from  on why the public deserves answers about why  fired 's internal wa…
watchdog: interior allowed secretary ryan zinke to violate travel policies  this is the #cultureofcorruption on ful… 
 : expansion of short-term plans and the texas lawsuit against the aca have implications for people with pre-existing cond…
 : if secretary zinke gets his way he will leave  smaller, weaker, and less effective and americans will suffer as a resu…
if this is true, the president’s interfering with finding a modern, safe, fbi headquarters because of his own finan… 
trump: 'all republicans' support pre-existing conditions, but white house policy says otherwise  does… 
 : lies, lies, and more lies.  npr: trump administration move imperils pre-existing condition protections politico: trump a…
more than , kids are in immigrant shelters today, compared to , in may . and the trump administration… 
you held a party on the white house lawn after congressional republicans voted to strip health care away from peopl… 
this is an under the radar move that cannot go unnoticed.    so i’m sending a letter with  rm… 
this is the same person who turned a blind eye to hud secretary ben carson’s $, dining set.   it is not clear… 
as zinke is facing multiple investigations into his conduct as head of interior, trump is quietly moving to replace… 
 : exciting news! on november , virginia will begin accepting applications from adults who are newly eligible for health cove…
"trump has unilaterally launched a series of trade wars that will damage the global economy next year. also, the ta… 
 : your administration forced through a scotus nominee after multiple sets of sexual misconduct allegations. you’ve undermine…
honored to speak at the dedication ceremony of ferdinand t. day elementary school in alexandria this morning! go tr… 
climate change is a generational crisis that requires immediate action. full stop.  it's one of my top priorities.… 
republicans are laying out their agenda if they retain the majority. even more tax cuts for the wealthy, another at… 
i was proud to present naomi with the clara mortenson beyer award at this year’s women’s conference for her work to… 
your administration forced through a scotus nominee after multiple sets of sexual misconduct allegations. you’ve un… 
stanley cup in the capitol today! #allcaps 
 : help please: trump doesn’t want americans to know that open enrollment begins november  and has stopped all advertising.   m…
 : “the planet isn't the only thing at risk as temperatures rise; your health might be in danger, too.”   …
jamal khashoggi’s disappearance remains deeply troubling. the united states cannot stand idly by if the reports reg… 
donald trump and mike pence have tried to undermine lgbtq rights for the past two years. i am proud to stand on the… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
my heart goes out to those recovering from the staggering amounts of damage caused by hurricane michael.    tragedi… 
 : release your tax returns. 
as of today washington post contributor and virginia resident jamal khashoggi has been missing for two weeks.   sti… 
 : a “tent city” in tornillo, texas, was designed to temporarily house  children under the care of health and human services i…
the us just ran its largest deficit in  years as it skyrocketed to $ billion. the reason? the massive tax cut f… 
met with staff from   yesterday who represent more than , member physical therapists, physical the… 
release your tax returns. 
 : an honor to perform as part of 's event!  
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
. are #forthepeople pure and simple. we will:   ✅ lower health care costs and prescription drug pric… 
 : . 　　　　　　　　　　╱\/‾|_ 　　　　　　　　　╱　　   ¯)_ 　　　　　　  ╱\╱　　　　    ＼    /　/ 　　　   ╱ \╱voter registration＼   /　/ 　　　╱  　  　 ends tod…
 : heads up, virginia residents! today is the last day to register to vote. 
 : today's the day, virginia - the last day to register to vote! please use one of the options below to assure you are reg…
thank you to all participants and the hundreds of people who attended the #breakingthrough women's conference over… 
 : climate will not “change back again.”   we don’t have to lose “millions and millions of jobs.”   trump is risking millions…
 : saturday in arlington, congressman don beyer held his fourth annual women's conference; a tradition his predecessor, jim moran,…
in preparation for trump’s ridiculous wall, his administration has waived almost  environmental and health protec… 
climate will not “change back again.”   we don’t have to lose “millions and millions of jobs.”   trump is risking m… 
new  report underscores exactly why we need to see trump’s tax returns.   a newly discovered loophole in t… 
 : #breakingthrough ⁦⁩ -thank you for an amazing program on why the era should pass.  equality for all is a goo…
 : excited to join  at his th annual woman's conference on a plenary discussing the effort to ratify the era in…
the five-year-old who was detained at the border and persuaded to sign away her rights   this story is just heartbr… 
 : if your vote wasn’t so powerful, they wouldn’t keep trying to take it from you. #suppressionsaga   …
right on schedule, the trump administration is sabotaging health care markets by shutting down… 
 : thank you for the kind invitation, . it was a joy to share the stage with you and so many incredible women this…
the epa just disbanded a panel that provides input on what levels of airborne pollutants are safe to breathe.   thi… 
 : our dc director with  and  starting the morning with a convo on ratifying the era in virginia! #…
thank you  for that sensational speech, and helping to make this year’s women’s conference a great succes… 
 : our dc director and coo is talking about #eranow this morning with ,  and lynda johnson robb at…
 : standing room only at  #breakingthrough  this is saturday morning, y'all.. let's 🎸 the vote this november and flip s…
one week ago today, brett kavanaugh was confirmed to the supreme court. millions of women across the country felt l… 
 : the doj office that sued bp after the deepwater horizon oil spill will soon have a new leader. he is one of the very l…
 : humbled and proud to announce that the tcw choir was invited and selected to music for all national choral festival  march …
 : hurricane michael is the #florida panhandle’s worst storm in more than  years. as ocean temperatures continue to rise, storm…
 : it’s #hispanicheritagemonth! #latinos have had a significant, positive impact on our culture &amp; economy. read more about their…
 : seriously, we need to see donald trump’s tax returns   the nyt report sharpened the need for the public to see donald trum…
the trump administration is considering new plans to separate parents and children at the u.s.-mexico border.   thi… 
tomorrow: we will be hosting our fourth annual women’s conference featuring , , naomi wadler… 
 : instead of another ohio campaign rally,  &amp;  need to get back to work!   ohioans want good paying jo…
 : excited to presenting selections from #hearhersong tomorrow at , as part of 's fourth women's…
our hearts go out to the friends and families of those who lost their lives during the storm. it is important that… 
seriously, we need to see donald trump’s tax returns   the nyt report sharpened the need for the public to see dona… 
 : trump just weighed the life of virginia resident and journalist jamal khashoggi against the money made in arms deals with…
happy #nationalcomingoutday to all choosing to make that step today and everyone waiting for the right time.   as a… 
trump just weighed the life of virginia resident and journalist jamal khashoggi against the money made in arms deal… 
 : governor northam today declared a state of emergency in advance of #tropicalstormmichael. learn more here: …
if donald trump won't release his tax returns on his own, then congress should use every lever of its authority to… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
yesterday the senate rejected a democrat-led effort to block trump’s junk health care plans that undermine the affo… 
nearly two-thirds of americans say they’ve seen no increase in pay from the #goptaxscam. at the same time, corporat… 
secretary nielsen continues to propagate that the administration didn’t have a policy of separating families at the… 
 : this is horrifying. immigration authorities are putting children up for adoption who were separated from their parents at…
 : president  and his administration have done so much damage to our community and the country over the past…
trump and congressional republicans can't run on #trumpcare and the #goptaxscam because they were two of the most u… 
important reminders below for anyone in the path of hurricane michael, which is currently a category  system.   mo… 
this is horrifying. immigration authorities are putting children up for adoption who were separated from their pare… 
 : virginians should prepare for tropical force winds, heavy rainfall, inland flooding and coastal flooding in southeastern virginia…
 : i remain deeply concerned by the reports on saudi arabian journalist and virginia resident jamal khashoggi. my thoughts go…
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
 : interior department’s new science policy: “an attempt to cherry-pick the kind of science that they want to put forward…
i remain deeply concerned by the reports on saudi arabian journalist and virginia resident jamal khashoggi. my thou… 
trump has taken every opportunity to gut measures that help us fight climate change like the #parisagreement &amp;… 
proud to stand with  of my colleagues to sign this letter because it's so important.  secretary pompeo must reve… 
 : remember  hours ago, when the leading international body of climate change researchers issued a dire warning to the worl…
 : climate change is real but we can do something about it. we must heed this dire warning and act by sharply cutting carbon emiss…
according to a new report from the ipcc, we have  years to limits the effects of climate change.   the trump admi… 
 : california just passed a law requiring more women on boards. it matters, even if it fails. 
 : we’re standing against natural resources republicans' push expand dirty &amp; dangerous offshore coastal drilling &amp; the trump admin…
epa chief andrew wheeler is violating his ethics agreement by meeting with clients for whom he once lobbied, per go…  economic inequality is one of the greatest threats of our time. democrats must focus on expanding opportunity for a… 
such a beautiful day! 
looking forward to joining  tonight on  
the leader of the free world is stepping down 
hard for me to believe but it was  yrs ago today mom passed away. lovingly remembering her today, and so grateful… 
still makes me smile 
it was my solemn honor to be there. 
 : attendance for eagles-jags: ,. that is the most ever for an nfl game at wembley stadium in london, but that certai…
 : hey. a win is a win, no matter how unimpressive. now the eagles get a bye and a chance to regroup. five division games…
 : - 🤜🤛  #goirish ☘️ #undefeated 
 : joining   at  event this monday at  am. see details here to join us! …
i feel sick watching the news out of pittsburgh. i have several friends who live in that neighborhood and am hoping… 
i enthusiastically endorse this! #flyeaglesfly 
not one republican leader has repudiated this racist. not one. 
fun to run into  while in la for . though he kept trying to convince me to pass a law declarin… 
proud to join  and #nunsonthebus as they visit philadelphia on their tour. thank you sisters for fighting… 
thx  for the question re: environment. ) rejoin paris climate accord ) restore obama epa regs for clean… 
kudos to  for writing about this. we must preserve this important part of our history. 
sadly i’m not surprised. 
this election is going to be close. many of the races around the country will come down to  or  points. check you… 
the trump administration’s attempt to erase transgender people reminds me of  when karl rove and the gwb campai… 
 : icymi: i was a guest on  hunt's weekend show,  where we talked about a variety of topics including russian int…
that eagles game has me feeling sick
looking forward to joining  on  tonight 
 : it says something about the republican party that their electoral strategy depends on intimidating and preventing as many peop…
great time  speaking on a panel with  moderated by  
“blessed are the billion dollar arms sales”  - the beatitudes by pat robertson 
looking forward to speaking on this panel at #politicon 
  i have represented pa’s th district since january . come jan , i will represent pa’s nd district.
i shared some thoughts on  for the guardian. i have the best words.  
 : theresa may had  minutes to make her brexit pitch to eu leaders. but she spoke so fast angela merkel couldn’t understand her…
when they go low, then they go even lower 
 : thanks to  &amp;  for partnering with us on tonight’s student loan clinic. it’s a critical topic, and the…
 : theresa may's brexit plans left angela merkel confused, while other eu leaders felt she spoke too quickly at their summit in br…
a powerfully written piece. 
(for those who may not know: this dpk twitter handle is actually a parody account. though its tweets aren’t any mor… 
you’re just jealous because gritty has a better hair cut than kim jung-un. 
exactly right. as folks who have attended my town halls know i have been saying this since .  
 : great work by  &amp;  and required reading/viewing for anyone seeking to understand the depth of feelin…
a great example why our nation’s founders created the emoluments clause. they were worried about precisely this . .… 
 : speaks for itself 
this is a national crisis that affects everyone, not just students and graduates. it must be addressed by dramatic… 
just as i’ve said all along. the massive #goptaxscam was not just designed to give away billions to the richest %,… 
 : the clean money act i introduced last week would discourage candidates from taking big donations and help take the special i…
  both happened october , 
 : brexit will weaken europe, isolate britain and fuel global tensions |  for cnn business perspectives https://t.…
hard to believe this legendary notre dame/miami game, and kirk gibson’s famous hr, both happened on the same day … 
and next year i could be the starting center on the ers. 
 : mrs may is in this crisis because she thought ireland was ‘piddly’ &amp; could be bullied &amp; suborned. instead she found the…
shocked to learn my old friend  has died. i just talked to mike on thursday night. mike was a good ma… 
it’s unfortunate that brexit gets almost zero news coverage in the us, particularly with things coming to a head th… 
 : classy:  fans throw beer in ’s face &amp; give him the finger at close range after he scores td at foxboro.…
 gotta love adam for knowing this!
i fully endorse 
my favorite pic from my time in congress has been of me standing next to john lewis as we held a sit-in on the hous… 
 or : “nobody asked me my address when i was fighting in the solomon islands”
when we say the system is rigged, this is exactly what we’re talking about. this is yet another example of the % p… 
  university of 
not saying they don’t exist, but i’ve never been to a more beautiful campus. 
apparently scott wagner’s croquet mallets we’re unavailable. 
 i’d absolutely vote for barkann before i’d ever vote for wagner!
 : half the money that goes into campaigns comes from .% of americans, many the most affluent among us.  is this who we want…
   i gotta vote for a philly sports fan over a cleveland fan. that said, i do hav… 
touchdown!! #flyeaglesfly
ronald reagan had such reverence for the oval office that he always wore his suit jacket while there. from that to… 
this is an incredibly important issue that often is overlooked. when i was a state rep i introduced a bill to creat… 
only if it’s from russia. 
thanks isaac. glad you liked my interview. 
 : donald trump’s diatribe against #medicareforall was so riddled with inaccuracies that washington post fact checker gle…
   same here
this is not normal.  we can’t be lulled into getting used to this sort of behavior. ever. that’s exactly what he wa… 
 the real culprits in , much more so than buckner.
 i shudder to think what would have happened if i had taken home an f from school. between my mom and my… 
i would like to thank the nra.  their report card for legislators just came out.  they gave me an “f” grade.  i’ve… 
fellow pennsylvanians, tonight is the deadline to register to vote! see below for how you can do it. 
if pres trump wants a republican who would do a good job as un ambassador then he should consider my colleagues… 
 : i'm very disappointed that climate change is not taken seriously by almost anyone in us government, but i'm proud that my con…
 thank you michael!
no, mitch. it’s school children that have been “literally under assault”.    
and yet the gop congress continues to do nothing about it . . . 
 kudos for catching my twist on it
let’s suppose . . .  a republican pushes an old lady in front of a bus.  then a democrat dives in front of the bus… 
 : exit sandman.  final: nd  - vt .  #goirish☘️ #ndvsvt 
i approve this message  
 the tree is not helping right now
wow.  -, with  of those wins over top ranked opponents. this team is legit.
 : the insane run continues for .   a beautiful play fake from  leads to six more points from the big '…
 : justin yoon’s extra point to give #notredame a - lead over virginia tech gives him  career points to set a school-re…
notre dame needed that -yard td! big play! #goirish
not something i’ve done on my twitter before, but with just one month to go until election day, i wanted to ask for… 
 : it's a simple fact: more unions leads to greater economic equality.   we need #unionsforall     #fightfor…
people in pa house district  should vote for a great candidate in danielle friel otten. i have known her for a v… 
another big notre dame football game tonight. will be their third ranked opponent to play, having already beaten to… 
agree 
 : perhaps i missed it, but did sen. collins allude at all to kavanaugh's demeanor and rhetoric when he reappeared at the co…
 : this is very carefully produced tv by collins —&gt; 
 : hard to state how much avenatti's entrance into this process hurt the democratic effort to bring down kavanaugh's nomin…
now that sen collins has had her hour in the sun, i look forward to personally going up to maine in  to campaig… 
 note that both female gop senators currently sitting behind sen collins are not sitting at their usu… 
given this speech, why was susan collins ever considered as “undecided”???
i’m praying there’s a “but” coming soon . . .
finally figured out what was behind the eagles choking away that game in ot last sunday:  george soros
 thank you linda! thank you especially for teaching in our city!
 if they start playing the clancy brothers version then let me know.
 anyone who follows me knows how proud i am to be from philadelphia (and that i constantly defend the bad ra… 
likely a future philly politician. 
i am proud to support  and cosponsor the bill. a democratic house needs to pass this bill come january! #fightfor
 : / turns out that on december , , the day the electoral college confirmed trump's victory, one of the internet res…
 : sympathy for the poor &amp; resentment of the rich independently &amp; strongly predicted support for obama over romney but had…
the #fightfor must be a top priority for a democratic congress! 
i’m glad that  is raising its minimum wage to $/hour. now it’s time for congress to do the same for all workers.
great job  👍 
donald trump is a self-made fraud 
a very worthy project! 
 : one of the pivotal and defining moments of . mcconnell really hasn't gotten his due as a central villain in the ru…
 yes. i proudly cosponsor the bill (as well as the medicare for all bill).
 yes
 “ooooohhhhh noooooo, i’m sorry liz. the correct answer is john penn.”  (alex would then proceed to give… 
since the majority of my followers are not from pa i should explain: alex trebek of jeopardy is moderating a pa gov… 
i appreciate that #alextrebek did a lot of homework to prepare for this debate. i don’t appreciate the fact he feel… 
 the phila daily news used to do a ton of polling on races back in the day. but not anymore more becau… 
 i think a big reason why we’ve seen a decline in third party polling over the last decade is the decl… 
 we need the bucks county courier times poll!
just like a jane austen novel . . . 
 : donald trump says he “fell in love” with otto warmbier’s murderer after receiving “beautiful letters” from him. the weirdnes…
  great meeting you!
who says romance is dead? 
big win for  - now - with  wins over top  teams. nd is legit and a national playoff contender folks! #goirish
i don’t want to jinx it, but notre dame and penn st are on the verge of being top  teams. brings back fond memories!
i am proud to be part of this lawsuit. 
 : we know toxic chemicals found at military bases across the country are harmful. that’s why i’m proud to work with …
sen coons is a true statesman. today will be written about for years to come.  
 : especially after this week in american politics, we need more like him on both sides of the atlantic. …
 nay
correct. i hope senators are listening. 
an ugly day on the hill. but in the end, i think dr ford was highly, highly credible. in addition, there are other… 
 : kavanaugh spoke at length about the values he learned at a jesuit high school when he was first nominated, but he has now…
wrong. the biggest heisman snub of all time was notre dame’s rocket ismail  not winning it. instead… 
  same
  for better or worse, i do my own twitter. no intern. though i’m sure that intern would do… 
seems like in most other areas catholic schools were only elite prep schools and not the parochial school system built by st. john nuemann.
something i’ve learned through my dc native wife  is that the philly catholic school system of inner ci… 
this is important information. 
 i would refer you to my previous tweet where i make clear i believe dr ford’s account.  that said, she t… 
there were no winners today.
i think i’m going to print this statement and send to my colleagues.  
i believe her.
 : earlier this month, i demanded that congress be allowed to see president trump’s preparatory materials for his highly unusua…
 : great news! my successful fight to even the bidding process for a military helicopter contract resulted in two local (ne phi…
 of course cte is for real, and i support the nfl taking it seriously (after years of looking the other way)… 
this is brilliant. 
merrick. garland. 
i agree, newt. every american should watch this historic speech, where for the first time ever an american presiden… 
philly still fondly remembers him  
it’s ireland, by far, that’s the fastest growing economy in the world. though for a large economy our current growt… 
  cruel, bill. cruel.
reminder that there is only one true perfect mascot in sports, and that mascot is the philly phanatic 
happy to tell  that one good thing is democrats are going to win back the house and by a huge margin. 
  mr president - despite being from yorba linda, your knowledge of philadelphia, especially northeas… 
 : rod rosenstein’s job – and the mueller investigation – are in danger. it’s long past time for congress to stand up, assume i…
i’m proud to call  a friend. he’s a great person and i know he’s in public service for the right reasons.
make pluto great again! 
reminds me of baghdad bob 
mark judge must testify before the senate judiciary committee. if he is unwilling then he needs to be subpoenaed.
big news 
when will  wake up and realize this isn’t some hoax! this is an existential threat for all of us. 
 : ted cruz said that school shootings take place because we removed "god from the public square."  texas is % christian and h…
 : it is absolutely opposed to the values of our democracy to make it harder for people to vote. we must do better. https://t.c…
i’ve gotta take issue with my friend  on one thing. tonight he said ted cruz was a divider. i serve in… 
wow. i have never seen anything like this ad. 
   the essential food groups of my upbringing were: cheesesteaks, soft pretze… 
one year ago, #hurricanemaria devastated puerto rico. today we remember the thousands of our fellow americans who d… 
thank you katya! 
  one of the greatest snl skits of all-time
  congrats to you both! also, rumor has it that eagles fans who are also domers make great husbands!
  aw thanks susan!
i founded the  in large part to help us win back these voters. i remember being told by some “expert… 
  but i’m old enough to remember a decade ago when we were  / behind the mets in mid-sept… 
why am i continuing to track both the  and braves games? why does part of me still believe, despite all ev… 
easy fast to those observing #yomkippur
% of the tax cut went to the richest % - now guess who will pay for it?  
richard nixon would’ve loved to have had his own devin nunes. 
  i can officially confirm  is wrong and  is correct.  although i have… 
 : right here in philadelphia-- years ago today, the constitution was signed.   make the effort today to learn more about th…
 : constitution of the united states was signed at philadelphia today : 
when i was in the state house, i introduced this bill along with republican rep. john taylor. i’m glad to see this… 
given this allegation, which seems quite credible and is accompanied by evidence, how can the senate gop justify ru… 
   enjoyed it!
 : on the advice of lawyer, #kavanaugh's accuser "took a polygraph test administered by a former fbi agent in early august.…
she passed a lie detector test. wow.
proud to be a member of this caucus.    
classy 
 : icymi: yesterday, house republicans blocked my bill to require the trump administration to turn over documents relating to t…
and this justifies someone breaking into his apartment and shooting him how? 
 : we should know more about what transpired in helsinki between president trump and vladimir putin. my bill would have done th…
a truly disgusting comment. these are our fellow americans and fellow human beings. they and their families deserve… 
 :  real income is down. prices rose more than income did. 
 : house foreign affairs marks up  (d-pa) resolution requesting white house and secretary of state turn over…
trying to figure out which group jamie dimon would do worse with? the working class former democrats we lost to tru… 
  check my tweets tonight and you will sense i’m not quite as happy about the phillies collapse. .’s claim that he would end #birthrightcitizenship is blatantly unconstitutional under the th ame… 
hope you will read ‘s piece, it’s time to talk about the nra. i am proud to have an “f” rating from the… 
with the opioid prescribing rate soaring by % over the last  years, our bill is a necessary step in helping ens… 
proud to announce that legislation i authored with  to empower pharmacists to exercise their right t… 
antisemitism, hate &amp; violence have no place in our society. the senseless murder of  people at the… 
our hearts are broken for the victims and the families of tree of life synagogue. the only way to stop these sensel… 
 : . received a % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! #aauw members and supp…
thank you to all who attended our th town hall in richmond! i am honored to represent an area that is as civicall… 
health care is a moral and ethical right for citizens of the most powerful nation in history. #healthcareforall
it’s egregious for the majority leader to label social security and medicare as the driving force behind the defici… 
f’s aren’t usually a good thing, but when it is from the  they are! proud to have an f rating from the nra, and… 
in a functioning congress, we would work to fix our broken immigration system, but the speaker of the house won’t a… 
i have been to the border, and seen the most disturbing treatment of people by the trump administration.
we have an immigration problem in this country, and we need immigration reform.  wants to divide us. #desaulniertownhall
#happeningnow: we are now live streaming our th town hall in richmond. head over to our facebook page to watch an… 
tune in live at : on channel .
getting ready to join  to discuss protecting transgender rights from the trump administration’s attempted… 
californians, today is the last day to register to vote in the #midterms on november th! don't sit this one out, g… 
 : asked about 's insistence he will enact a % middle class tax cut before the election, : “he…
we are looking forward to our th town hall and mobile district office hour in richmond on tuesday, october rd.… 
i have been fighting back in congress, and will be registering my thoughts with administration to immediately halt… 
the trump administration is ignoring the threat of #climatechange, and charging ahead with its plan to harm public… 
republicans will stop at nothing to sabotage our health care system. if given the chance, republican leadership wil… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
the american government should be in the business of keeping families together. donald trump’s family separation po… 
it is  weeks until the #midterm election! register today, and make sure you have a plan to #vote on november th.  
the #goptaxscam exploded the national deficit to $ billion—the highest since . to pay for this massive givea… 
.: if you have nothing hide, #releaseyourtaxes. #accountability #transparency 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
congratulations to carondelet high on the groundbreaking of the jean hofmann stem innovation center. this center wi… 
we cannot wait for a tragedy to prompt us to take action to address gaps in aviation safety and ensure that staffin… 
before open enrollment begins for , donald trump has already announced plans to actively sabotage affordable ca… 
months after the trump administration was ordered to reunite separated families, it continues to callously handle t… 
during national disability employment awareness month we toured the military ocean terminal site in concord with no… 
i'm proud to receive a % on the  congressional voting record. i look forward to continuing our wo… 
the pleasant hill rotary club meets weekly to put help bring about positive change in our communities. i joined the… 
 : the president declares that the fed has gone crazy. well, that should calm the markets down....
on #dayofthegirl we celebrate the intelligence, creativity &amp; ingenuity of young girls worldwide, but we also recogn… 
today is #nationalcomingoutday, a day to honor &amp; celebrate lgbtq people who have shared their stories &amp; fought for… 
the next un ambassador ought to be someone who will champion human rights, combat corruption, stand up to donald tr… 
attention californians: there are  days left to register to vote in the november th election. don’t miss the opp… 
. is trying to politicize the census by adding a citizenship question. this question will lower the… 
mental illness does not discriminate. it is time to end the stigma associated with it &amp; all behavioral health issue… 
sat down with  with  to discuss the state of our aviation industry and the air traffic con… 
the new ipcc report warns: “absent aggressive action, many effects once expected only several decades in the future… 
don’t let these nonsensical claims silence you. stay engaged and make your voices heard. 
the effects of air pollution are especially harmful to the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and low-inc… 
in times like these, things do not come easily–they come with a struggle, but we cannot let our voices be silenced.… 
today, a black mark in our history was made by a president who forcefully elevated to the supreme court a man who w… 
unfortunately, some people want to go back in time. they believe that an “enlightened” world of white males is what… 
this is a transformative moment in our history where women are speaking out and taking great risks to make their vo… 
read my full statement on the confirmation of #brettkavanaugh to the supreme court here: 
while the unemployment rate dropped to the lowest level since , wages are not keeping pace. in fact, real wages… 
ahead of the final vote, we must stay engaged and demand leadership governed by moral conviction, not political agenda.  #kavanaugh
a nominee to the supreme court who is clouded by serious and credible allegations of sexual assault, lacks judicial… 
#breaking: the senate has delivered a major blow to the progress we have made in search of a more just and equal so… 
i applaud ’s moral conviction. join me in recognizing her as a true profile in courage. 
i agree with , the american people should not be kept in the dark and a redacted copy of the report shou… 
the republican majority wants all  senators to review a single copy of an incomplete fbi report in the matter of… 
. works to ensure that contra costa’s children enter kindergarten healthy and ready to start learning. t… 
thank you to all of the residents who came out to meet with us at the el cerrito senior resource fair. if you were… 
 : "by any means necessary it appears at this point, wolf, facts be damned," says  of white house press briefing in wh…
repugnant behavior from the president of the united states. 
we recognized the hard working employees at the va outpatient clinic in martinez who are committed to helping veter… 
we met with members of the  &amp; children living with type  diabetes to discuss the importance of support… 
if  committed tax fraud, the american people have a right to know. every president since gerald for… 
a fair, complete, and just fbi investigation into the sexual assault allegations against brett kavanaugh cannot exc… 
food for thought…. 
prior to the fbi concluding its investigation into allegations against brett kavanaugh, senate majority leader mitc… 
thank you  for all you have done to help make california a leader in america, and around the globe. u… 
congrats to dr. james allison &amp; dr. tasuku honjo for winning the nobel prize for their breakthrough cancer research… 
on the one year anniversary of the las vegas shooting, congress continues to display a lack of moral authority by f… 
i support ’s call for the white house to release a written copy of the scope of the fbi kavanaugh inve… 
as the u.s. senate postponed its vote on judge kavanaugh and the white house officially ordered an fbi investigatio… 
tune in as  &amp; i discuss our bill to empower pharmacists to exercise their right to deny suspected fr… 
i support 's call for an fbi investigation, but it needs to be full, fair, and complete. anything less wi… 
 : here’s the bottom line for judge kavanaugh: there was a third person in the room when the alleged sexual battery of dr. b…
the message senate republicans are sending by holding a committee vote tomorrow on #kavanaugh and a full senate vot… 
today, as the #kavanaughhearing unfolds, americans across the country are discussing this moment in history. i sat… 
watching dr. ford’s moving testimony before the senate judiciary committee. we commend dr. ford’s courage and brave… 
tune in to hear my thoughts ahead of tomorrow’s senate judiciary hearing where we will hear testimony from dr. ford… 
today, four of our safety measures to help prevent runway accidents passed the house as part of the bipartisan bill… 
 : as a survivor of sexual assault, i know all too well what we do and don’t remember. but if my assailant was ever nomina…
proud to stand with my democratic colleagues in support of dr. ford, deborah ramirez, and julie swetnick. we must g… 
an fbi investigation should immediately commence, the senate should slow down, and it is the responsibility of cong… 
republican senate judiciary chairman grassley scheduled the vote to advance kavanaugh’s nomination prior to hearing… 
the findings by the  on the july th near-miss at sfo corroborate the work we’ve been doing. my amendments to… 
. writes: republicans aren’t checking the president, they are colluding with him. 
on this #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers, foremothers, and civil rights leaders… 
today, the  will hold a meeting to vote on the probable cause of the july th near miss at sfo, which put roug… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday   each election matters, and every vote counts. don’t miss an opportunity for yo… 
this is a critical moment in history. brett kavanaugh is nominated for lifetime appointment to the supreme court, a… 
i will be joining  live at : p.m. to discuss the #kavanaugh confirmation and other news of day.… 
 : we have been watching a slow-moving saturday night massacre, with  firing comey and mccabe, and his att…
it is the responsibility of every member of congress to put protecting the rule of law over partisan politics.… 
three workplace shootings in  hours this week cannot be ignored. we need commonsense gun safety reforms to help k… 
a special thank you to the doctors, researchers, patient advocates, survivors and all who joined us to make our eas… 
our cancer survivor panel will share their stories of battling this indiscriminate disease at the east bay#bidencan… 
. i agree. many cancer survivors, myself included, have experienced the confusing maze of our health care s… 
learn more about our bill with  to improve patient outcomes and provide assistance here:… 
we just unveiled our bill to ensure cancer patients have access to patient navigators to help guide them through th… 
while  has a budget of nearly $ billion per year, #nih makes due with under $ billion. despite… 
researchers from    &amp;  are here to discuss the newest advancements in ca… 
“facts don’t matter”  --- well that says it all. 
let us enlighten you: many sexual assault victims do not come forward for fear of repercussions like shaming, stigm… 
we will discuss many of the issues  highlights at today’s east bay #bidencancersummit. we hope you will jo… 
 : "together we are stronger, fiercer, more powerful than this disease. we can keep our time with each other if we act now, i…
today we are joining  &amp;  summits worldwide for a day of action to eradicate cancer. join us at our e… 
we convened a meeting with bay area transit agencies, academics, and uber and lyft to discuss the transportation ch… 
the , lives lost in #hurricanemaria won't be forgotten ignored or covered up. proud to join + colleagues in… 
one year after #hurricanemaria, #puertorico continues to suffer from the destruction caused by the storm. over  mi… 
donald trump’s disapproval of jeff sessions stems from his frustration that the ag recused himself from and refuses… 
thanks to all the #ca students who joined us at  to hear from  &amp;  alumni ab… 
the fbi investigated anita hill’s allegations of sexual harassment against clarence thomas before a hearing was hel… 
dr. ford’s call for an impartial fbi investigation before testifying is consistent with previous precedent, will pr… 
this is a calculated attempt to interfere with the ongoing investigation into  campaign. 
wishing the jewish community in california and around the world a peaceful and meaningful #yomkippur. g'mar chatima… 
dr. christine blasey ford is brave to share her story; she must be taken seriously. that’s why i joined house dems… 
#scotus judges are appointed for life, and the monumental decisions they hand down affect us all. the senate must t… 
in the words of anita hill “do not rush these hearings. doing so would not only signal that sexual assault accusati… 
the trump administration announced it will lower the refugee ceiling to a new historic low. this decision once agai… 
on friday, we will be partnering with  for our east bay #bidencancersummit to discuss progress made, to… 
 : it is worth pondering that if this doesn't make a difference—and good money says it won't— of the  justices of the u…
the american people and all senators deserve to have full information before a vote on kavanaugh is scheduled. #postponethevote
the credible allegation of sexual assault against judge kavanaugh must be taken seriously. dr. christine blasey for… 
to those who've been affected by #hurricaneflorence, we're here for you. to the first responders, volunteers, neigh… 
paul manafort, donald trump’s former campaign chairman, is expected to plead guilty to conspiracy &amp; conspiracy to o… 
 : if paul manafort follows through on his guilty plea today, that would mean every one of president trump’s aides charged…
highly disturbing report from  that the trump justice department is not prosecuting people who submit false i… 
a week from tomorrow, we'll be joining the  in a national call to double the rate of progress against c… 
. i look forward to continuing to partner on ways to get big money out of politics and make sure our go… 
proud to announce our bill to allow for necessary safety and structural improvements to the contra costa canal pass… 
 : this is what your math looks like when you count black or brown lives less than white lives. 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
another blatantly false statement by . #notasucess #factsmatter #puertorico 
at its core, the goal of our “future of work, wages, and labor” report is to restore power to the american worker w… 
 : .: yesterday, the president said his response to puerto rico was a ‘success.’  -  americans dead - fa…
calling all #ca high school students: if you have an unique idea for an app &amp; a passion to code, submit your idea… 
weeks before the election, house republicans are again trying to give more tax cuts to the wealthiest % &amp; business… 
by signing #sb into law california is leading the way &amp; signaling to  and his #dirtyepa that any… 
like too many people, i've personally experienced the impact suicide can have on a family &amp; loved ones. it's critic… 
the el cerrito library in contra costa recently expanded its bookshelves &amp; opened the county’s first lgbtq collecti… 
if there was ever a doubt as to why we need the policies in our “future of work, wages &amp; labor” report, this chart… 
through the #septemberth tragedy we showed the world that tribal identities do not define america—our uniting spirit does. #neverforget
on that tragic day—and in the days, weeks, months, and years since—our nation has mourned their loss, honored those… 
 years ago today, our nation &amp; the world was forever changed by horrific acts of terrorism. in a matter of hours,… 
as part of our findings in our “future of work, wages, and labor” report, we propose raising the federal minimum wa… 
contrary to what many critics claim, a recent study by  found that raising the minimum wage to $ in th… 
proud of you strength and courage today and every day since february th . #msdstrong 
yet, the trump administration is doubling down on the pain they have inflicted by pursuing indefinite detention for… 
we have witnessed the horrors of donald trump’s zero tolerance policy and the lasting effects that it has on childr… 
we need to know if judge #kavanaugh had any discussions about the mueller investigation with anyone affiliated with… 
the american people have the right to know #kavanaugh’s full record. #whataretheyhiding 
encouraged by this important step to address youth concussions. i introduced a bill that would help schools impleme… 
 : "people have to work two or three minimum wage jobs just to make their payments."  stated on  h…
regardless of personal beliefs, supreme court nominees must exercise judicial temperament, which requires compassio… 
“i simply said, ‘hi, my name is fred guttenberg, i'm the father of jaime guttenberg, who was murdered in parkland,’… 
 : "wages have been sagging since the 's...it's time to take a closer look."  on  ch. .
 : trump's off-the-cuff screed just then makes this line from nyt op/ed resonate: "meetings with him veer off topic and off th…
proud to see california continuing to lead the nation in taking action to enact responsible and reasonable gun safe… 
a special thank you to the  for their partnership and collaboration on the #futureofworkwageslabor, a… 
read more about the #futureofworkwageslabor initiative i launched with my colleagues , … 
corporations are doing everything they can to weaken unions &amp; diminish the bargaining power of workers. we must rai… 
 : today, i’m joining ,  and  to release a report on the #futureofworkwageslabor…
 : to make our economy work for all of us, not just the rich &amp; powerful, working people must be able stand &amp; fight togethe…
 : happening now: ranking member scott joins , , , &amp;  to release…
 : . , ,  and i traveled the country hearing directly from workers. today, we are…
watch on facebook as ,  ,  and i unveil our the findings of our future… 
releasing , pages of kavanaugh’s record the night before his confirmation &amp; continuing to withhold another … 
donald trump again displays his total contempt for the rule of law and independent judiciary. in america, no one sh… 
each #laborday we celebrate the hardworking women and men who keep our communities, economy, and nation running str… 
still more evidence that the economy is not working for everyone.  
over a month after the court mandated deadline, there are still  children who the trump administration has faile… 
the true author of #fakenews….  
the events of the last year have shown us how pervasive sexual violence is. this will make it harder for students t… 
first the #goptaxscam blew up our deficit by giving massive tax cuts to the rich and corporations. now trump is pay… 
america experiences more gun deaths than other developed nations &amp; our gun ownership rate outpaces any other countr… 
add that to the idea that he will leave “hopefully” after a pro-trump supreme court justice is confirmed and it is… 
the context surrounding don mcgahn’s announced departure is troubling. as  writes: “the man who single-… 
 : in a more respectful time, mr. vice president, there would be a justice named merrick garland on the supreme court. but…
another day, and another foolish donald trump conspiracy theory. 
 years ago, dr. martin luther king jr. &amp; other civil rights leaders like  marched on washington to d… 
teachers don't need guns – period. proud to join  other  in calling on  to prohibit… 
students at  may now be eligible to receive a year of free tuition! americans hold over $. t in student d… 
yesterday i attended soulful softball sunday in richmond, where we celebrated honor roll students and outstanding c… 
john mccain’s final public address inspires us as much as he did: “do not despair of our present difficulties but b… 
this type of corruption within our governement will not be tolerated.  
in his resignation letter, seth frothman rebuked the trump administration stating it “has turned its back on young… 
 : it’s happened again. 
parkland, orlando, las vegas, santa fe, blacksburg, newtown, tucson, littleton, san bernardino, washington navy yar… 
“nothing in life is more liberating than to fight for a cause larger than yourself, something that encompasses you… 
guns have no place in our schools period.   instead of investing in our students and our schools,  wan… 
saddened to learn that  has decided to discontinue medical treatment for his brain cancer. senator mc… 
spoke w/  about the troubling trend of big banks allowing foreclosed homes in communities of color to ex… 
history will remember the silence of the gop congress when the president was named a co-conspirator in campaign fin… 
a warning to : do not pardon paul manafort. doing so would be a gross overreach of power and is ext… 
residents in martinez have been experiencing significant delays in receiving their mail. this issue must be address… 
thank you to those who joined  and i for our postal town hall. we will continue working with  to e… 
#happeningnow: we are live streaming our postal town hall with  in martinez. head over to our facebook… 
trump’s dangerous proposal to gut the #cleanpowerplan could lead to , premature deaths annually by , accord…  every american has the right to quality, affordable healthcare. period.
today, m americans count on the affordable care act's protections for preexisting conditions, but it protects al… 
 : thanks to  for your leadership in addressing the #opioidepidemic by including an important provision to al…
 : last week visteon's upton bowden and michael ingrody were able to showcase visteon's newest #autonomous test car to …
excited to join #michiganinfrastructureday thursday. we must all work together to make significant investments to m… 
celebrating the great work of  tonight! grateful for the employees and volunteers that put their he… 
october is domestic violence awareness month. we must reauthorize vawa and continue building strong community partn… 
joined  women's alliance for a discussion on women in leadership in the auto industry. proud of tho… 
 : starting our day off right! #celebratingsuccess at the #mwseawards!  thank you  “michigan works!, works”
we still have a long road ahead of us and we must remain vigilant in cleaning up the site, taking down the building… 
it’s encouraging that everyone is working together with a shared goal, and now mdeq, epa and doj have approved the plan.
cleaning up the mclouth site will make our community a stronger, healthier place to live.
 : news: i've introduced bipartisan legislation to prohibit all weapons sales and military aid to the government of #saudiara…
actions speak louder than words- democrats continue to fight for the affordable care act and the protections it off… 
 : we joined gov snyder, sen peters, rep dingell &amp; kirk stedule in welcoming  undersecretary kan &amp; team to …
proud to work  on the expand social security caucus to strengthen the benefits that so many rely on t… 
government at all levels is being battered. people are scared &amp; angry, desperate for answers, leadership and soluti… 
it's time for the best game of the year. let's go #beatmsu, !
sent a letter to the usps after my office received calls regarding absentee ballot mailing concerns. the usps must… 
honored to have received a  score on the #hrcscorecard on my commitment to protect and advance the rights of lgb… 
under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the… 
congress must make clear that human rights and freedom of expression are a priority for the us. it is imperative th… 
signed on as an original cosponsor to legislation led by  to prohibit all u.s arms sales to government… 
today marks the th anniversary of the clean water act, a bill john fought hard for and i’m fighting hard to prote… 
 : “first of all, we need [a] major infrastructure bill that is not only going to improve our roads and our bridges, but w…
 : “i’m a very strong believer that every american’s got a right to quality, affordable health care. we have kept the admin…
this is an important announcement for twitter and will allows journalists, researchers and the public to study thes… 
twitter released the full data set for russian and iranian troll accounts. over  million for the russians and  mi… 
we all play a part in achieving a world with #zerohunger. join the  in recognizing #worldfoodday and learn how y… 
protecting our public lands ensures that wildlife and natural resources are around and thriving for future generati… 
the —the world’s leading scientists on climate—released its special report warning the world to act now bef… 
the great lakes, our way of life in michigan, and all future generations are at stake. 
inspired by the intelligence, bravery, and determination of the girls that i meet every day. may we empower and edu… 
 : thank you  for fighting for seniors and people with disabilities who rely on social security's modest but vital…
good news for social security – next year’s cola will be . percent. but with the rising costs seniors face – we n… 
 : your #prescription is ready and you owe $,. what do you say?  read how  handled the situation and why she…
patients deserve to have all the information when picking up prescriptions, and i am glad president trump approved… 
today,  signed my bipartisan bill into law which will ban the practice of prohibiting pharmacists from tellin… 
with the holiday season right around the corner, students can join me in sending cards to local veterans. a small a… 
in the house, i’m proud to support  legislation to strengthen protections for people with pre-existing conditions –… 
junk plans take us back to a time when americans were one serious illness or injury away from bankruptcy.
junk insurance plans allow insurers to legally sell plans that provide little to no coverage. this is backwards.
my safeguarding election infrastructure act gives states the resources and intelligence necessary to protect voting… 
we must take every step possible to protect the security and integrity of our election process. when vulnerabilitie… 
the #toxictrump administration has undermined critical environmental safeguards at every turn – threatening the ove… 
too many women still face serious consequences when they come forward. we need to have a serious conversation in th… 
state and federal officials need to work together to move faster in research and testing. i will not stop fighting… 
michigan has been hit hard by pfas chemicals in our water. it’s important that  finally came to michigan to see… 
 : this morning,  and i hosted a bi-partisan business roundtable in shelby township to discuss multi-employ…
 : spent time in washtenaw county yesterday with , , and state and local officials to discuss pfas…
ending temporary protected status is inhumane and would send thousands of refugees back into unsafe circumstances.… 
the hard-working men and women in manufacturing have helped transform this country. on #nationalmanufacturingday we… 
this weekend, the senate votes on a lifetime appointment to the supreme court without a complete fbi investigation… 
great to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with  today to call for working conditions that respect the tough envi… 
proud to share that  of my colleagues have cosponsored the bipartisan recovering america’s wildlife act! 
national #coffeewithacop day is an important opportunity to sit down with local law enforcement and thank them for… 
proud to join  workers in detroit today as they raise their voices for living wages, good benefits, and a voic… 
congratulations to  professor gérard mourou for winning the nobel prize in physics. michigan is leading the w… 
anyone with a cellphone has received a call from a number that looked to be local and turned out to be a scammer. i… 
 : thanks  for standing with working people who are risking it all to fight for a #union and for living wages,…
tune in  pm: joining  on   to discuss kavanaugh confirmation and message it… 
 : “the devil’s in the details, and nobody’s got the details,”  tells  re #nafta. dems do give credi…
my full letter here --&gt; 
the work that sloan kettering does is so important and it's vital patients are able to trust that hospitals are kee… 
today i wrote  to ask about details of this partnership. coupled with troubling conflicts of intere… 
working men and women are feeling squeezed every day. my bipartisan effort with  will help by bringing d… 
we cannot forget about the hundreds of children who are being moved to a tent camp in the desert in the dead of nig… 
remembering the innocent lives we lost and those who are still healing from last year’s tragedy in las vegas today.… 
 : it's the #nasath anniversary -- and what a great  years it has been. what have we done and where are we going? here's a look…
 : twenty seven years later, it is just as important to protect women's rights.  #stopkavanaugh 
we must have a real conversation so that women are not dismissed when something real has happened, and due process… 
for decades, women have not felt comfortable coming forward because they were afraid of what the reaction would be… 
 : members of the house who oppose supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh, wait to enter the senate judiciary committee vote…
 : walking over to the dirksen senate building with my colleagues to oppose the vote on judge kavanaugh’s confirmation. https:…
 : .: "i don't have one story - i have  stories."  
happy th anniversary  #rouge and all the hardworking men and women who make it #builtfordtough 
 : rep. debbie dingell says she heard of gang rapes taking place when she was in college  …
if you need someone to talk to,  and the national sexual assault hotline can help --hope.
 : as a victim of domestic violence, i will always stand with survivors of assault. today, i sent a letter with my colleagues in…
 : the three women in michigan's congressional delegation on thursday expressed solidarity with christine blasey ford as her…
 : the ⁦⁩ heading to ⁦⁦⁩ to tell him we have her back, and we’re not going back. …
today is an important day. trust women. believe survivors. #metoo #whyididntreport 
the senseless killing in yemen needs to stop. i cosponsored a resolution that congress must send a strong message t… 
my friend  took the brave step of speaking out. we must listen to and believe women. 
welcome home ! 
now more than ever we need to reauthorize vawa! the violence against women act provides essential support to victim… 
standing with house women to trust women, believe women, and #stopkavanaugh. 
in order for the us to win the global race in g development we must involve everyone, and work with state and loca… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 :  share concerns on trump fuel economy proposal in dearborn 
 : great quotes from  on the #epainmi hearing today. here's : "flatlining standards is harmful…
 : i’m breaking out of this place. thank you for all of your kind words and prayers. thank you  for your phenom…
home never looked better and the doctors are amazed at his passion and strong spirit. we are lucky.
the  team and the  wins this past weekend also greatly contributed to his healing. we thank eve… 
we will not miss the hospital but the staff are truly unbelievable and became friends in this last week.  he is pla… 
the nurses and doctors of  have heard all of john’s stories and decided it was time to release him. w… 
 : since #lwcf was established in  it has expanded access to our #publiclands &amp; protected +, special places across americ…
we can’t afford to lose the . million jobs that #lwcf supports and must reauthorize the program before it expires… 
we need one national program for #fueleconomy with strong, reasonable standards that increase year over year and ba… 
 : . knows how important #cleanercars are for mi: "strong fe stds have kept our environment clean, reduced dependen…
check in with your friends and family this #nationalvoterregistrationday and make sure they are registered to vote!… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
 : the only internet rumor i care about right now is the breaking news that i could be released from the hospital as early as…
establishing a standard of care for #pregnantwomenincustody is a matter of human rights. proud to introduce biparti… 
social security matters. 
 : thank you at all  colleagues who are supporting our call to welcome more refugees to our shores: …
 : this week i introduced bipartisan legislation w/ , , and  that would increase coope…
wishing a meaningful and easy fast to everyone observing yom kippur. 
 we need an all-hands-on-deck approach to #pfas contamination in michigan starting with the epa coming to michigan.
. is warning against drinking the foam on the huron river due to elevated pfas levels – that includes your dogs too.
 : rumors of my demise may have only been slightly exaggerated, but i’m still here and you’re not done with me yet. thankful…
 : update: debbie dingell says hospital doing tests+ won’t decide next steps til wed. "i am for the conservative approach that…
 our sincere thanks to all the medical professionals and nurses at our sides.
it appears  had a heart attack early this morning. he’s alert and in good spirits, cracking jokes like… 
stay out of belleville lake and ford lake. serious warnings on swimming, drinking and boating. asking questions, de… 
 : while trump and paul ryan continue their attempts to destroy social security,  of my colleagues and i launched the expan…
 : epa proposes adding trenton mclouth site to national priorities list after dingell push  https://t…
did you know your pharmacist may be prohibited from telling you how to save money on your prescriptions?  my bipart… 
as the vawa deadline approaches, we must redouble our fight to protect resources for survivors. that includes savin… 
roughly , women, men, and children across the country place a call to a domestic violence hotline every day. f… 
 : “we need to not only protect social security because people have put their money in and depend on it in retirement, we need to…
social security has become a part of our nation’s fabric. it’s woven into who we are as country and how we care for… 
"two-thirds of the americans in this country are relying on their social security... the reality is that  has h… 
 : thank you  for co-chairing the #expandsocialsecurity caucus! 
joining my colleagues &amp;  to introduce the expand social security caucus. we are here with a simple message:… 
we have to always keep looking forward and finding new ways to improve #medicare make it more efficient, and close gaps in care.
breaking: the house passed two of my bipartisan bills to improve #medicare  more: 
. fire will receive $, and  fire will receive $, to acquire new vehicles.… 
 : .: if we lose a species, they're not coming back. we have to work together to protect the legacy of the #endan…
thank you  for cracking down on e-cigarette use among children. we must work together to reduce tobacco use… 
with the launch of the #parkersolarprobe spacecraft and in collaboration with  brainpower and onboard instrum… 
why is the sun’s corona millions of degrees (°f) hotter than its surface?  one month ago,  embarked on a missi… 
 : some good news:  just announced the eureka prize competition to spur technology development to improve alzheimer’s…
clean air is a matter of critical human health and safety. we must strengthen – not roll back – protections against… 
generations of americans have fought, marched, and peacefully protested to be able to cast a ballot. let’s honor th… 
proposing to add mclouth to  national priorities list is an important step toward helping trenton and the surro… 
seventeen years ago today, in the face of unthinkable tragedy, our country united as one nation against terror and… 
on  #worldsuicidepreventionday, please remember that there is hope for a better tomorrow. if you need to talk or kn… 
the us must be an honest broker between the palestinians and israelis. closing the plo office, along with designati… 
closing the #plo in washington will make it harder to engage diplomatically and further erode prospects for a lasti… 
thank you emily ! let’s work together to ensure every michigander has access to clean air and water.… 
cheering on  and the courageous brenda tracy! she is a relentless advocate for preventing sexual assa… 
.,  &amp; i followed up with  on their commitment to hold meeting in michigan on #pfas chem… 
questioned  on why they cancelled a public meeting on #pfas in michigan. clean water is a basic right that ever… 
pfas in michigan is scaring people more than flint did.  must hold public meeting on #pfas in our state. 
 : rep. debbie dingell, d-mi: "pfas in michigan is scaring people more than the flint water did."
important hearing to discuss and highlight the growing presence of harmful #pfas in drinking water - including… 
up next to question  ceo .   tune in: 
. , ,  and i traveled the country hearing directly from workers. today, w… 
this is yet another attack on the protections that millions of americans with pre-existing conditions rely on to ac… 
a federal court in texas is starting oral arguments in a lawsuit to strike down the portions of the affordable care… 
 : happening now: ranking member scott joins , , , &amp;  to release…
like paid medical leave, a  day work week, child labor laws, and social security? #thankalaborunion and help us up… 
corporations are doing everything they can to weaken unions and diminish the bargaining power of the everyday worke… 
strong unions are at the foundation of a healthy economy. any conversation about the future of work must include ro… 
. , ,  and i traveled the country hearing directly from workers. today, w… 
 : today,  entered a statement into the congressional record commemorating the centennial anniversary of the #mb…
the department of education's continued attacks on title ix make our schools less safe and seeking justice more dif… 
we owe our children and our grandchildren the joy of experiencing the rich bird life in this great country.   today… 
congress has a responsibility to ensure we are protecting all amateur athletes and determine what changes need to b… 
there is still a lack of urgency behind addressing how we protect young people from physical and emotional abuse wh… 
thank you for recognizing the dignity of all work! 
we celebrate the progress and recommit to continuing to #protectourpensions, the right to join a union, and stand w… 
today is not just a day off. today we honor the labor movement which fought for the guaranteed weekend, wage and ho… 
starting #laborday early by joining  . tune in at , : &amp;  am!
right now #nafta is hurting workers in michigan and across the country.  while evaluating the deal, congress must f… 
president trump has notified congress of his intent to sign a new #nafta deal this year. we must see the details of… 
august recess is coming to an end — all month, reps have heard from constituents, urging them to sign the cra disch… 
ribbon cutting for john's favorite food . fun to join dearborn leaders today! 
ben, i've got your back and am fighting for you every day. #protectourpensions  
  this critical funding will help  continue their important work in addressing the seri… 
pleased to announce  to receive $k grant from  for youth substance abuse programs.  more: 
we must bring jobs to the united states and i look forward to seeing the details of #nafta preliminary agreement.… 
#nafta is hurting workers in michigan and across the country. things will only begin to improve when we have a deal… 
 : cooling center available during heat wave  
 : #otd in , the  was founded in detroit. as auto manufacturing grew, workers faced increasingly dangerous working co…
this weekend we celebrate #womensequalityday and  years since women gained the right to vote. but our work toward… 
john was a friend, patriot and a true embodiment of the best of america.  and i send our prayers to the… 
good news! #ypsi &amp; #dearbornheights fire departments received  #safergrants to hire, train more firefighters.… 
our thoughts and prayers are with  and the entire family. john and john fought may battles together a… 
at the end of the day, this is about keeping the united states at the forefront of innovation and technology, and m… 
the government needs to ensure consumers have the confidence to buy #electricvehicles including building the infras… 
as summer draws to a close, it is important to make the most of the beautiful weather and amazing events out in the… 
 : congresswoman  kicks off the discussion with visteon, , ,   and cms energy with…
the internet has expanded opportunities for veterans--helping them to learn about health services, access education… 
it’s been a fun rivalry, but michigan is the home of the iconic women who stepped up during world war ii and foreve… 
we did it! after , women showed up this past october, michigan reclaimed the rosie the riveter world record fro… 
 : rep. debbie dingell at the opening of csi's management conference, in troy, mi. she said, "csi is with you!" members hope lawm…
 learn more about my visit here: 
er doctors &amp; nurses have to be prepared for every situation that comes their way. the staff and facilities at… 
spent the morning behind the bar at  making drinks and speaking with baristas and community members! than… 
 : had a great morning in #ypsilanti at spark east with  and many ypsilanti-based entrepreneurs discussing re…
 : debbie dingell, trenton officials announce proposed agreement to clean up mclouth steel site 
we cannot go back to the days when #cleanair wasn’t a given. we must look to the future and energy sources that red… 
eid mubarak to everyone celebrating eid al-adha! wishing you all a peaceful celebration with loved ones and friends. 
joined a discussion about substance abuse with , local leaders &amp; a top  official. i'm grateful fo… 
aretha was just a friend to me – there if i ever needed her. aretha was complicated, loving and giving. faith was i… 
supporting small businesses means supporting #netneutrality. small businesses need the internet to reach customers,… 
it’s a great time to be a wolverine! ’s new biological sciences building is revolutionizing science education… 
social security has provided older americans with stability and security for  years. we must continue to protect…  birthright citizenship is literally in the constitution. this is nothing more than typical trumpian bluster.
 : today is the national day of the deployed. it honors all of the brave men and woman who have deployed or are currently…
 : proud to join my colleague  in our call for  to release the results of their iraq war study. our troo…
it's no secret the army made serious mistakes &amp; miscalculations in iraq since . we need to look problems in the… 
my heart goes out to our fellow americans in the northern mariana islands today. as you face the aftermath of… 
attention military members, spouses &amp; dependents: you still have time to vote by absentee ballot! if you’re having… 
 : congratulations  on your % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! thank yo…
this is a brazen attack on the lives of  million people, effectively eliminating their right to equal access to he… 
what kind of "strong relationship"? and why have we still not seen any meaningful financial disclosure from either… 
another day, another attempt by house republicans to undermine the mueller investigation. 
 : new: mueller investigators are told roger stone confided he had nd secret wikileaks connect:  " roger, i thought you had…
 : we've  have never had more leverage over saudi arabi since saddam hussein invaded kuwait. whatever is done in response t…
psa: it’s national bullying prevention month. #bebest 
you literally threw a party on the white house lawn when republicans voted to take away coverage for people with pr… 
 : mitch mcconnell just revealed the scheme: cut taxes for the billionaires class, create deficits, and then shred the social s…
 : if we as politicians "can't admit that we have ptsd, and are taking about it, it's going to make it more difficult for" worki…
 : how do we move beyond the stigma of ptsd?  talks with  and  about what younger vete…
why are trump and kushner so eager to protect the saudi crown prince? this is simply awful. 
 : help please: trump doesn’t want americans to know that open enrollment begins november  and has stopped all advertising.   m…
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
 : led by  &amp; , lawmakers urge  to protect #biofuels from #rfs waivers that threate…
trump can cast the blame wherever he wants, but at the end of the day someone has to pay for his tax cuts for billi… 
 : the gop didn’t drain the swamp—they moved into the swamp and drained the treasury instead. and how do they propose to pay fo…
 : many families face an impossible decision—violence/death if they stay in their home country or a dangerous trek in orde…
 : federal protections of public lands better aid officials in preventing vandalism, and educating visitors on how to respe…
 : republicans are fueling the flames of #publiclands extremism &amp; growth of outright hate groups. the bundys &amp; anti-government ext…
with technology for cleaner, safer &amp; more economical fuels available, there's no reason not to continue our progres… 
 : two pilots are essential in the cockpit. thank you . for protecting aviation safety and passing a #faareau…
the gop will never stop coming for your medicare and social security. 
you only put mary mayhew in charge of medicaid if you want to get rid of medicaid. this is a classic trump move: hi… 
 : monday is #nlaad. here are fast facts about #hiv and prevention challenges among hispanic/latino communities.  https://t.c…
 : new: the trump admin has just appointed mary mayhew as the new head of medicaid. she was previously the top health offic…
reminder #az students: applications for military academy nominations are due by november ! visit… 
i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor matthew shepard on the th anniversary of his tragic death. we stand… 
 : thank you  and  for speaking up to protect our national forests - our country’s old-growth…
the trump administration’s reckless efforts to roll back protections for the tongass national forest with limited p… 
the administration should offer the full resources of the u.s. government to help investigate a possible assassinat… 
mr. khashoggi’s disappearance is a threat to free speech and human and civil rights everywhere. threats or actual v… 
i’m also proud to represent #phoenix, a city that truly sets an example for others when it comes to inclusivity and… 
it’s national #comingoutday! let’s celebrate the bravery of all who have come out as lgbtqa &amp; recognize the challen… 
the arches that trump cut from our national monuments protections literally make music – and now, very few of us wi… 
happy taiwan national day to our friend and ally. the united states stands with taiwan. 
 : i took a look at your op-ed, . it needs some work.  all of the false and misleading words in the world can’…
 : hoy estuve con , el primer colombo-americano en llegar al congreso de estados unidos. otro aliado de la agen…
today is the last day to register to vote in arizona. make your voice heard. our democracy depends on it. 
 : no, the senate didn't hit "rock bottom" with the kavanaugh fight. rock bottom was the centuries in which sexual assault v…
today we honor indigenous people, remember the hardships they’ve overcome, and celebrate their many contributions t… 
 : on the th anniversary of the us invasion of afghanistan, rep. ruben gallego calls for bringing troops home.  “looking…
it’s been  years since the invasion of afghanistan, and it’s clear that continuing on the current course is not i… 
 : a huge thank you to     and their az district staffs for taking the…
every american should be able to drink clean water, breathe clean air &amp; not fear exposure to harmful toxins/chemica… 
 : heitkamp: "dr. ford gave heartfelt, credible, and persuasive testimony ... she had nothing to gain and everything to lose…
 : good morning. as of :am, here’s what we know right now:  🌧 a flash flood watch is in effect through  pm  ☔️ expect…
the u.s. can and should be a world leader in advancing women's rights. we can't let the trump administration underm… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
 : this is what the political revolution is all about: today , amazon workers found out they are getting a raise to at l…
 : it’s mind boggling to me how much we learned about donald trump and his tax shenanigans through the documents we got. it…
this cruel, discriminatory attack will put lgbt diplomats and their families at great risk. there’s no reason for t… 
 : 🚨🚨reminder: sand is available to #phx residents. details on . #phxrain 
 : ., ,  and  of their colleagues are fighting back against …
 : breaking: rm  &amp; + dems are urging sec zinke to stop his rushed plan to weaken management standard at #bearsea…
 : this weekend republicans let #lwcf expire for the second time on their watch. millions of americans have benefited from #lwcf.…
as if reopening coal leases on public land, rolling back the clean power plan and lifting coal fired plants emissio… 
 : former fbi agents tell me limits on renewed kavanaugh probe are highly questionable.  "grossly incomplete, unfair to the…
 : everyone in america needs to read this. please share very broadly. 
this is who trump is. it’s tragic for these kids. 
no surprise, the white house is trampling over the fbi. 
 : today republicans are forcing a vote on their #goptaxscam that hands tens of billions of $$$ in tax breaks to the wealthiest …
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
couldn’t agree more, . think you could get  to give our bill doing just that a vote on the h… 
elections have consequences. get registered and vote! #nationalvoterregistrationday 
lwcf is a time-tested program that protects our #publiclands, helps sustain countless outdoor industry jobs in dist… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
#cleanercars standards help keep our air clean and breathable for people in #az and across the country. there’s a… 
 : with rosenstein out, noel francisco, the solicitor general, would take on oversight of the mueller probe. how this would impact…
the mueller probe must be allowed to continue without interference or interruption. 
the fight against cancer isn’t just about research but also about ensuring that every person regardless of economic… 
 : happy to be chatting #arcticrefuge and all things alaska with staff at the office of representative ruben gallego, when loo…
 : another disgusting attempt to discredit dr. ford, who has risked her own safety and reputation in coming forward. many survi…
 : #climatechange is real. we’re exposing how natural resources republicans have spent their time &amp; energy (&amp; taxpayer money) deny…
 : entrusted with the role of overseeing , we need to know whether juan david ortiz was acting in his capacity as…
 : a year ago #hurricanemaria struck #puertorico with devastating fury.  we must do more to help our fellow americans reco…
 : republicans in congress turned their back on #puertorico &amp; u.s. virgin islands following #hurricanemaria. we’re demanding they…
 : “it is inconceivable a small, well-funded group of outsiders could overturn the will of hundreds of thousands of voter…
 : tonight  (d-az) joins me on my  show to give his reaction to dr. christine ford and brett k…
 : “we had help that day” — tammie jo   is considering single pilot cockpits for cargo planes. this would be disastrous.…
celebrate  #museumday this saturday / at #az’s own ,  or !… 
 :  days: the amount of time after justice scalia's death republicans held his seat open.  days: the number of days since…
so much for your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. trump is turning his back on our n… 
 : president trump just seriously escalated his efforts to interfere with mueller’s probe 
 : since #lwcf was established in  it has expanded access to our #publiclands &amp; protected +, special places across americ…
wishing him a speedy and full recovery. 
i agree with . the kavanaugh confirmation should be postponed while the credible and disturbing allegatio… 
one of those things will not be building your wall. 
not even jim mattis will save us. only the american people can stop trump by standing up to him. 

 : this seems suboptimal for trump 
 : breaking: today we’re launching #wastedresources, a -part series exposing how natural resources committee republicans are was…
 : what an absolute embarrassment of a human. 
 : we're working hard to save lives! we kicked off hispanic heritage month in d.c. with  to raise awareness of t…
 : "tribal communities deserve affordable health care, good schools, and a justice system that is fair for everyone." thank you…
it’s an open secret that ice is the only federal agency that effectively writes its own budget.  regardless of how… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
kicking off #chci with a great panel discussion on diversity and leadership. #heretolead 
the gop has orchestrated a decades-long assault on voting rights with the goal of disenfranchising millions. when y… 
 years later, we remember those lost and thank the brave first responders who saved so many others. we honor the… 
the white house changed the situation room cell phone policy. but is trump still answering sensitive national secur… 
 : sessions may not (partly because he can not) carry out trump’s most outrageous demands, but he is still running an incr…
congratulations to  on a wonderful #profiles! and, congrats &amp; thank you to all the award recipien… 
 : we have to keep puerto rico in the spotlight and keep the pressure on republicans and fema for answers so that mass casua…
 : thank you to the office of  for speaking to your fellow arizonans and for supporting important environmental…
from the world’s oldest democracy to its largest – thank you for taking this strong step toward equality, justice,… 
 : thank you  for coming by and sharing some inspiring words to our #greenlatinos advocates ! #glonthehill #…
nothing unites house republicans and  like gutting safety net programs for hungry low-income famili… 
in az, an initiative providing $m more for schools was killed by a right-wing state supreme court. imagine the d… 
president trump thinks he's above the law. brett kavanaugh agrees. that's dangerous for our democracy.  
donald trump is running the white house the same way he ran his business and his campaign - total chaos. democrats… 
 : ahead of judge kavanaugh's supreme court confirmation hearing, here are top  reasons why he could negatively impact the li…
 : happy labor day. there's no better time to talk about why workers’ rights would suffer if brett kavanaugh, whose hearin…
the resilience and determination of american workers make our nation strong. thank you to all who fought and keep f… 
 : severe thunderstorm warning including glendale az, peoria az, surprise az until : pm mst 
 : aviso de tormenta severa incluye glendale az, peoria az, surprise az hasta las : pm mst 
it’s unlikely current resources are adequate to fully investigate the trump administration’s corruption given its scope and depth.
if we take back the house, democrats need to significantly increase congressional investigative capacity.
this isn’t a short list. lord knows what other scandals are out there. this is the most corrupt administration in h… 
it really seems like they have something to hide. 
 : on august , , it was announced that japan had surrendered unconditionally to the allies, effectively ending world…
outrageous. this is why democrats have called for a new &amp; stronger voting rights act. trump and the gop have blocke… 
 : we are remembering john mccain today. go shout this into a pillow somewhere. 
 : will the senate democrats unite to denounce this "coverup"? 
 : here is 's full farewell statement. it's worth a read: 
more proof that  and  will side with predatory lenders and bad actors over students ev… 
 : lindsey graham, : "if jeff sessions is fired, there will be holy hell to pay."  lindsey graham, : “the president…
 : change in dow jones industrial average: --during trump presidency so far +% --during obama presidency +% https://t.c…
things are looking bad for trump, but it could get much worse. we haven't heard from michael flynn yet.
 : my message to the president: you better not talk about pardons for michael cohen or paul manafort tonight, or anytime in th…
um...i...agree with the president. 
trump's north korea policy is a failure. 
the gop has been waging a war on voting rights for decades. trump, ryan, mcconnell, all of them should be ashamed. 
the gop’s response is to take health care away from millions of people and make it more expensive for everyone else. 
 : new: house oversight democrats requesting security clearance docs on trump white house natsec advisor john bolton's ties to…
 : the aca has driven the uninsured rate to the lowest level ever, but insured people still have trouble affording care. a s…
 : this was true under cobb. emmet flood is taking a very different tack, preventing additional witnesses, including john kelly…
exactly what you expect from such a corrupt administration. 
 : read  on some unanswered q’s in today’s nyt scoop: what does mcgahn know beyond the obstruction inquiry—about t…
 : mcgahn was leery of becoming trump’s john dean. so, after cobb and dowd encouraged cooperation with mueller, mcgahn - fearfu…
 : norms only work if both parties observe them.   right now the main use of “norms” in the us senate is republicans invoking…
 : a reminder, as you read this incredible-but-believable daily beast report (  ): the current house/…
 : new:  former directors and deputy directors of the cia and a former dni signed a letter of support brennan, calling the…
doing nothing isn't enough for the congressional gop. instead, they actively support and enable trump's attacks on… 
 : it is time for the tsk-tsk wing of the republican party --   -- who know  as a patri…
it’s ridiculous that donald trump thinks jared kushner deserves a security clearance but john brennan doesn’t. 
 : i'm shocked to find out that on the th try trickle down economics still doesn't work 
 : this is a really big deal 
 : % of justice kagan’s white house records were made public before her confirmation hearing. approximately % of judge k…
 : these kushner-manafort emails show extraordinary access and influence manafort had with trump transition team months after he…
instead of spending $. trillion on corporate tax relief, republicans could have invested that money in our studen… 
this is obamacare sabotage. the trump-gop health care plan is to wreck your health care. 
 : the president says he instructed his chief of staff to retain an under-performing employee because she said flattering things a…
 : today i’m thinking about heather heyer, a patriot from virginia murdered one year ago as she protested against white supre…
trump is still acting like a corrupt businessman rather than an honest, law-abiding president. 
 : who in their right mind thinks it was appropriate to hire  to work in the white house in the first place? https:/…
 : your reminder that mueller — appointed by a republican — was a marine who served in vietnam and received a bronze star…
 : this is grotesque and as bad as the headline suggests. 
 : been saying this since kavanaugh got named. polling shows he's weak, yet senate dems remain slow to unite against him. ti…
this is what happens when you hire a criminal as your campaign manager 
kim played trump for a fool 
 : new study finds that pollution from us manufacturing fell % between  and  — but *not* because dirty industries mo…
the senate gop is rushing to hold hearings before kavanaugh documents are made public. what are they trying to hide… 
 : national archives counsel has said they will not be done even reviewing the records grassley requested regarding kavanaug…
 : twenty-five years ago, on august , , supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg became the second woman to sit on the b…
    
. &amp; , wildfire  primer for you:   things that cause/worsen wildfires in the u.s.:… 
remember that time when rep. goodlatte tried to gut the office of congressional ethics? wonder why so many of his… 
hoy el va publicó una versión en español de la solicitud de beneficios de salud para veteranos. encuéntrelo aquí: 
the abuse of power in trump’s administration just keeps getting worse – even after sec. pruitt’s overdue resignatio… 
or education sec. betsy devos, who awarded a debt collection contract to company with which she has had financial t… 
in fact, several members of trump’s cabinet have stood to profit from some shady business dealings. let’s not forge… 
insider trading is apparently a popular sport in trump’s swamp. the sec was asked to investigate commerce sec. wilb… 
just today, rep. chris collins – one of trump’s first supporters – was charged with insider trading and lying to fe… 
trump’s biggest swamp monsters – scott pruitt &amp; tom price – are gone, and yet his administration is still overflowi… 
attention dreamers: this faq by  &amp;  can help you determine whether you qualify to apply/rene… 
it was never just about "illegal" immigration. 
a year ago, i warned that under donald trump "we are witnessing nothing less than the nationalization of sheriff jo… 
have opinions on proposed changes to the #census that could affect your family? make sure to comment before tom… 
 years after the #votingrightsact was signed into law, there’s still work to be done. i’m proud to cosponsor the… 
 : deadly heat is forecast throughout the desert southwest on monday as temperatures warm to -°f across the lower elevat…
 : my ⁦⁩ cover story on the bureaucratic and moral crisis that is ice. this is what happens when the cultivation…
 : trump’s travel ban is supposed to make exceptions for worthy cases. this lawsuit alleges it isn’t. 
 : trump just admitted that the statement he helped dictate about this meeting was all a lie. 
the inspector general’s office said they are “reviewing” my call for an immediate investigation into the sexual abu… 
i'll be joining  on  tonight at  pm et/ pm mt to discuss the latest on the mueller investi… 
i continue to demand an immediate investigation into the abuse of migrant children in our government's care.  botto… 
seems like a good time to restate: firing mueller would be an impeachable offense. 
“if you’re a predator, it’s a gold mine.” -an expert on our government’s shelters for migrant children.    reporter… 
donald trump promised mexico would pay for his (unnecessary) wall.  now he’s threatening to shut down the governmen… 
the trump administration claims there's no $$ for veterans, medicare, or social security.  but there is money to gi… 
robert mueller should get a meeting without preconditions before rouhani. 
too bad as chairman of the senate judiciary committee, chuck grassley has absolutely no power to do anything about… 
trump’s one-on-one diplomacy isn’t producing the results we need.   : no president can rip out parts of the u.s. constitution that they don't like. #birthrightcitizenship is a constitution…
tomorrow is the last day to submit application for military service academies! please click the link for access to… 
thank you to everyone who attended our first women in business forum this morning! #nationalwomensmallbusinessmonth… 
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
these senseless hate being spread across this country must come to an end. #enoughisenough  
 : the  condemns all threats and attempted acts of violence against our colleague  and other prom…
it was my pleasure to honor the first african-american woman elected to congress from michigan, barbara-rose collin… 
 : trump came to wisconsin just to spread wild claims about failed policies. he promised wi jobs, but all he did was ship th…
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
 : this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now  f…
greatly appreciated. thank you ! 
, thank you so much for the birthday wish! 
thank you ! 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
in celebration of national women's small business month, please join me at this year's women in business forum:the… 
 should consult with sexual violence survivors on proposed title ix regulations before issuing any cha… 
 : my colleagues &amp; i wrote to  b/c she hasn't sought feedback from a broad group of survivors &amp; advocacy orga…
 should consult with sexual violence survivors on proposed title ix regulations before issuing any cha… 
 : the se michigan resilience fund is made possible through its partners     …
 : october  marks the  year anniversary of #metoo going viral thanks to brave survivors like , …
 : monday morning we're in detroit for an exciting  event. stay tuned for a big announcement at  a.m. live from th…
 : instead of another ohio campaign rally,  &amp;  need to get back to work!   ohioans want good paying jo…
african americans and other marginalized communities have lost a lot under  and the  ha… 
president  and his administration have done so much damage to our community and the country over th… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
today i stand with all four unions in opposition to the privatization of the u.s. postal service! ❌📬… 
 : this vote should not be happening. judge kavanaugh has multiple assault allegations against him and he clearly does no…
 : we were thrilled to have  join us and students from  at  and  in #detroit t…
 : thank you  for inspiring students at  northeast technical center campus on oakland county man…
“i am proud to join the leadership of the  in this open letter to women in america. we will continue… 
celebrating manufacturing day here in the th district 🔨 
 : .: “when we don’t educate all americans, we diminish the power of the united states.” #diversevoicesinfp
 : "when a woman has a seat at the table, the conversation changes." -- rep. brenda lawrence  #gmf #diversevoicesinfp #lead…
 : .: “policy is policy, but we have to have a conscience and a moral compass.” #diversevoicesinfp
 : .: “when a woman sits at the table, the conversation changes. that’s the value of the woman.” #diversevoicesinfp
 : this morning we begin our conversation with  and moderator  of . #diversevoicesinfp https://…
 : [thread] from dwwg leadership ,  &amp; : "last night, the president of the united state…
the battle continues. there must be a thorough fbi investigation so we can get to the truth. #postponethevote 
myself and  have introduced a bill to protect our children from possible contamination in their wate… 
house democratic women marched over to the other side of the capitol to join their senate colleagues in registering… 
 #forthepeople #kavanaughconfirmation 
 and  speaking on the failure of the  to do their job and conduct a meaningful… 
now on the senate side to continue to demand a fair process for the confirmation of a lifetime appointment to the h… 
“we are members of the peoples’ house, and we come to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves!”… 
happening now! ⁦⁩ marching to the senate to demand that ⁦⁩ #postponethevote on the… 
  will not be silent. we are walking to the senate to call on the  to… 
the ⁦⁩, out of “respect for the rule of law and due process under law” calls on ⁦⁩ to… 
 : three women who have accused kavanaugh have asked for an fbi investigation. kavanaugh refused to say whether or not he'd…
#whataretheyhiding? #kavanaughconfirmationhearing 
there’s still time for an  background investigation to be completed. why are republicans so worried about an in… 
 : though her voice quivered as she recounted the alleged assault that “drastically altered [her] life,” dr. christine blasey fo…
why are republicans so worried about an investigation of the allegations against kavanaugh? #whataretheyhiding?… 
"we are demanding an investigation and we demand to be heard and respected. and this nominee should be totally vett… 
on average, native women make  cents on the dollar. we need #nativewomensequalpay, and we need #equity for native… 
the integrity of the supreme court is at stake. why are republicans rushing through the nomination of brett kavanau… 
dr. christine blasey ford is risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand a thorough investigation of the… 
 : “this is not a trial for dr. ford. it’s a job interview for judge kavanaugh.”  thank you, . …
 : dr. ford is risking her safety, her privacy and her well-being to testify today before . we stand with he…
 : i have the privilege to call anita hill my friend. to this day, i admire her courage – just as i admire the courage of d…
 : this morning, i hand-delivered a statement, signed by  democratic members, to , urging an immediate post…
 : democratic women of the house going to senate to urge postponement for investigation!#kavanaughhearings …
 : this morning i joined  and marched to the  urging him to #postponethevote on kavaaugh until an…
headed to senator mcconnell’s office to urge him to support postponement or withdrawal of judge kavanaugh’s nominat… 
happening now!  delivering a letter to  calling to #postponethevote on kavanaugh until ther… 
 : hero dennis denham and  heroes with ! #nalcheroes #congress #michigan 
it was wonderful meeting with an amazing group from  today in my dc office. i’m so proud of all the… 
 : hosted a briefing w/ my friend &amp; co-chair  of the skilled american workforce caucus on ways to recruit &amp; tra…
ahead of dr. christine blasey ford’s planned testimony before the senate judiciary committee on thursday, ⁦… 
investments in #familyplanning are essential to advancing gender equity and achieving u.s. global health goals, whi… 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : change happens when you #vote, simple as that. take the first step by registering to vote this #nationalvoterregistrationday…
our democracy is stronger when every american exercises their right to vote. it is not only our civic duty, it is o… 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on… 
on this #nationalvoterregistrationday we must remember how hard our mothers and foremothers fought for the right to… 
rep. brenda lawrence (mi-), sends a letter to the fiscal year  interior appropriations conferees to urge robu… 
congresswoman lawrence announces a $. million grant award for the city of detroit through the fiscal year  bu… 
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. let’s not make the same mistake again– the senate must gi… 
dr. christine blasey ford is risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand a thorough investigation of the… 
dr. christine blasey ford is very brave to share her story; she must be taken seriously. that’s why house dems are… 
thank you to the women involved with my women’s advisory committee for attending today’s meeting! when a woman is a… 
we must end the inhumane treatment of #pregnantwomenincustody. proud to introduce legislation with  an… 
pamela tripped while shackled in prison and had a miscarriage as a result. that’s inhumane. proud to have joined th… 
 : congresswoman brenda lawrence () leads house members in a call to delay the vote of #scotus nominee brett kavana…
happy national #hbcuweek! i’m proud to be a member of the bipartisan ! we are the voices for hbcus on ca… 
 : more than just treating individual patients, detroit’s  treats neighbors, families and their entire communit…
today i stand with  and dr. jill biden as they host a national biden cancer summit to focus on the patient… 
 : it was a pleasure hosting  and   today at our center! 
 :  &amp;  thank you for your time listening to our leadership, talking to our staff and clients! …
 : .  shares her views on the #brettkavanaugh #scotus nomination and the allegations made against him by #chris…
with  on #brettkavanuagh sexual harassment allegations. “an investigation is warranted...investigatio… 
starting soon! glad to join  today to speak on #kavanaugh and #hurricanerelief needs. #rolandmartinunfiltered
 : on the . edition of #rolandmartinunfiltered at  pm est:  of detroit on  and puerto rico;…
to all of my followers celebrating yom kippur, may your fast be easy, meaningful, and the mark of a strong new begi… 
 : it took great courage for dr. christine blasey ford to come forward with her story. the american people are owed a thoroug…
when anita hill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. let’s not make the same mistake – the senate must give dr… 
i’m proud to join  leadership ,  and over  members of congress in calling… 
“we urge the senate to rise to the occasion, take these allegations with the seriousness and careful consideration… 
 : i joined , , , and my democratic colleagues to urge the senate to delay judge kavana…
 : [thread] sexual assault is a serious claim. i joined my fellow  leaders   &amp;  dem…
praying for a speedy recovery for ⁦⁩. wishing you all the best during this time. #getwellsoon  
in cases of domestic violence, one phone call can make the difference. without the  lifeline program that call… 
for the , women, men and children who call a domestic violence hotline each day, a phone is more than just a d… 
it is most important that everyone in the path of hurricane #florence stays safe. stay posted with your national an… 
trump’s boastful comments about the #puertorico hurricanes are insulting, insensitive, offensive to american citize… 
 : thank you  for taking time to talk with us today about  care, #b and #medicaidpossible! #tr…
shocking, horrible, and disgraceful: the trump administration transferred nearly $ million from fema to ice at th… 
today i cosponsored a resolution with  to make september national voting rights month. when we get out an… 
 yrs ago, our country suffered a horrific tragedy on /. today, we mourn those who were lost and express our gr… 
today is #worldsuicidepreventionday. if you are struggling today or any day, take the time for self-care and reach… 
l’shana tova! i would like to wish all friends and families of the jewish faith a very prosperous, healthy, and hap… 
 : . (mi-) visited louisiana gumbo in her district and helped make a batch of the restaurant’s famous gumbo.…
happy birthday to the city of lathrup village as they celebrate  years! 🎉  
 : .: "as members of the cbc, we cannot overstate #whatsatstake for african americans and communities of color...…
 : .: "the cbc believes that, if confirmed, judge kavanaugh’s views on voting rights, policing, and executive pow…
the american people deserve to know about a nominee to the highest court in the land. #whataretheyhiding… 
 : here are two additional kavanaugh “committee confidential” documents related to school busing and affirmative action: https…
 : here are  more kavanaugh "committee confidential" documents: 
 : today members of  released committee confidential docs about judge kavanaugh that were previously hidden from…
 : black caucus says kavanaugh nomination is threat to voting rights #whatatstake #stopkavanaugh 
after separating families, trump is now trying to undermine child protection standards by withdrawing from flores a… 
look at this list of pre-existing conditions, and chances are you'll identify with one or more of them. if kavanaug… 
 : black caucus urges senators to reject kavanaugh #whatsatstake 
speaking on house floor on the detroit public schools drinking water shutoff: “this is the consequence of years of… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
want to know #whatsatstake if #kavanaugh is confirmed? women's, workers', voters’, immigrants' rights &amp; so much mor… 
great news! the dept. of energy announced selection of  projects totaling $ million to support advanced vehicle… 
⁦⁩ standing together to demand healthcare protections for those with pre-existing conditions. we nee… 
my colleagues in the senate are asking a crucial question: “what is the gop hiding?” why won’t they let the vast ma… 
this labor day, we need to keep fighting for workers’ rights, especially women and minorities who are overlooked an… 
while the recent ruling will allow #daca renewals to continue, trump chose to end daca, putting #dreamers at risk o… 

“aretha franklin showed every woman that they can be strong and confident enough to put their arms around other wom… 
 : man, #arethafranklin is the undisputed queen. good on  for working to get her the congressional gold medal. #…
today we lay to rest an iconic entertainer, civil rights leader, history maker and a beautiful spirit who i was pri… 
president trump’s move to freeze federal employees’ pay is part of an overall assault on workers’ rights and an ins… 
thank you to  for joining me in pontiac discussing #jobsandjustice with our local pastors ⛪️ 
. has said women should face “punishment” for exercising their constitutional right to abortion. no… 
as we mark #womensequalityday, we must #uniteforjustice and protect women's, lgbtq+, workers', immigrants' rights a… 
when women fight, we win. the fight continues today on #womensequalityday to protect the right to vote and all wome… 
when women fight, we win. the fight continues today on #womensequalityday to protect the right to vote and all wome… 
 : thread ⬇️ /  :  “a war hero, senator john mccain led with courage and conviction on and off the battlefield.…
 : .:  “in congress, where there is more pressure now than ever before to stand on the left or right, he often st…
a man of extraordinary bravery, courage and relentless strength; sen. john  mccain embodied patriotism in the pures… 
 :  if you think washington republicans are aiding and abetting the trump administration’s #cultureofcorruption by refusing…
we need real answers from trump and his administration, especially after cohen and manafort’s guilty charges. on th… 
 : the st stop was in detroit. the nd stop will be in philadelphia. more stops will be announced soon.   cbc &amp; ⁦…
 : as one of the primary authors of every student succeeds act, i am certain that congress never intended - or even imagined -…
 : the president of the united states is taking policy recommendations from cable news hosts running stories from white nati…
 : .: “every time  is caught in a lie or the mueller investigation gets closer to the truth, he t…
 : “'s tweet has nothing to do w/ white south african farmers and everything to do with the fact that he is l…
i’m so glad to be joined by such a strong leader in support of jobs and our economy,  and auto industry r… 
devos continues to show she does not have the best interests of michigan’s children at heart. her focus on more gun… 
 : truly honored to introduce legislation awarding the legend, , with the congressional gold medal. her countl…
#staywoke 🗣 
never forget it’s our time! we must roll up our sleeves and do the work! #neverforget #letsdothework 💪🏾 
it’s our time! #letsfightback #nationalurbanleague 
good morning! my staff is at the chass mercado event. stop by and say hello 👋🏾 
 : in the wake of the passing of the queen of soul,  and  introduced bicameral, bipartisan legislat…
 : . and  put some respect on the #queenofsoul. they joined with gop lawmakers to intro a bill…
good luck to the grosse pointe woods-shores baseball team competing in the little league world series (great lakes)… 
“an iconic entertainer, powerful civil rights leader, history maker and a beautiful spirit i was privileged to call… 
“i am proud to join my colleagues in introducing a bill to award a congressional gold medal to honor an american le… 
 : if you pass a law (#goptaxscam for the rich) that drives up the deficit, don’t insult america’s intelligence by claiming th…
i extend my warmest wishes to muslims across our country and around the world a blessed eid al-adha. eid al-adha is… 
 : trump continues to abuse his office and obstruct justice by stripping security clearances from former intel officials who sp…
 : . sat down to a roundtable discussion with #ksbgrads from detroit to discuss small business growth in sout…
 : . is demanding that  works towards giving students equal access to technology. it’s time to clos…
 : our alumni enjoy meaningful opportunities to meet with with their law makers. thank you  for joining us today…
goldman sachs small business event 
words cannot describe the feeling of losing such a close friend and music legend. she gave us the gift of her voice… 
give her, her propers! endless love and respect for the legend  #rip aretha franklin - respect [… 
statement from rep. lawrence on the passing of #detroit legend aretha franklin  
 : "shame on you, and you are the president ... i always think he's hit rock bottom - this is totally unacceptable." - …
 : thanks for visiting! #onepride 
thank you to the  for inviting me to practice today! good luck friday against the ny giants #golions 
sending my love and prayers for the queen of soul and a powerful messenger who reminded the world that women deserv… 
tomorrow! hope to see you there ✅ 
the divisive rhetoric of the few white nationalist protesters was drowned out by thousands of anti-hate counter pro… 
  no problem joe. can you message us your email please?
 : washington republicans had a chance to #draintheswamp, instead they helped  build a hotel on it! …
  we do apologize for that joe. my staff will make sure your email is no longer on our list serve
the american people deserve better than the gop’s corruption, cronyism, and incompetence. while republicans enrich… 
women won’t settle for spare change. we must support women, invest in women, &amp; empower women. we have a lot of work… 
over a -year career, the avg black woman loses $, to the #wagegap. think what she could do with the… 
august  is #blackwomensequalpay day, the day black women's pay catches up with white, non-hispanic men's pay from… 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
h.res. -rep. lawrence resolution introduced // “resolved, that it is the sense of the house of representativ… 
thanks to ⁦⁩ who are demanding protection of the press. i was proud to introduce h.res.  in  in t… 
are you in farmington hills or nearby? i’m here! come chat 😉 #anotherone ✅ 
i’m on the move! did you miss the conversation this morning? join us at pm in hamtramck 📝 
years of republicans’ cruel and cynical attacks on vital initiatives have put the futures of medicare, medicaid and… 
since enactment, medicare has provided a guaranteed healthcare benefit to millions of senior citizens and handicapp… 
on july , , president lyndon b. johnson signed #medicare and #medicaid into law, helping to provide healthcar… 
 : house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality health c…
happening this morning! hope to see you there ☕️ 
rep. lawrence speaks on republican plans to undermine affordable healthcare for seniors and working families in mic… 
instead of protecting our democracy against russian interference, ⁦⁩ moves to impeach deputy ag rosenstein… 
happy birthday detroit! here's to many more! 🎁 🎉 
we cannot go back to the past when a woman’s right to choose was criminalized. senators must #rejectkavanaugh and s…   : "i believe the president of the united states should be able to go anywhere that he wants" says  in response to…
 : "we want to have a hearing to see how we can makes these issues better not worse," says  explaining why house j…
saddened by today’s tragic #pittsburghshooting. there is no place for violence or anti-semitism in america and no o… 
 : "it is absolutely hypocritical" for trump to have attacked hillary clinton, "when he's using a phone over unsecured net…
our national security shouldn't depend on whether  clicks on a malicious link on twitter or the fortuity of f… 
don't forget to rsvp for our next veterans town hall on sunday, november  from :am to :pm at the los angel… 
we see the pain of the #transgender community and we see this proposal for what it is: an unequivocal attack on the… 
 : "there's what donald trump thinks, and then there's what everybody else thinks"   on doj "putting country over…
proud to receive a % score in the  congressional voting record for the th congress! looking fo… 
arms sales with countries like #saudiarabia are worthy of intense congressional scrutiny, but current house procedu… 
despite what  says, his administration is trying to rip away protections for those with… 
this  report shows, in alarming terms, that thousands of our constituents could lose health coverage… 
protecting the popular clauses in the aca that protects americans from insurance discrimination seems like a no-bra… 
protections for those with pre-existing health conditions remains a high priority for our constituents and it’s sho… 
the aca prevents employer-sponsored health plans from excluding pre-existing health coverage. the trump admin’s dec… 
thousands could lose health coverage and face exorbitant healthcare cost increases because the trump admin won’t de… 
as many as , older californians may lose federal protections against coverage denials or premium increases as… 
as a result of the trump administration’s actions, as many as ,, women in california who currently purchase… 
under the affordable care act, insurance companies can't charge women more based on gender. right here in #ca, … 
if president trump and republicans succeed in rolling back pre-existing condition protections, , #ca constit… 
in california, if the trump administration is successful in its attempts to roll back affordable care act protectio… 
breaking: new  report shows how californians could be impacted by the trump administration’s unwillin… 
 : “if you look at this entire first two years of donald trump’s presidency, its generally been donald trump first, america s…
interested in a congressional internship? our la and d.c. offices are currently accepting applications for spring … 
reminder: applications for the  u.s. military academy nomination cycle are due this friday, october ! #ca s… 
today is the th anniversary of the death of matthew shepard. cosponsored a resolution to honor matthew and affirm… 
reminder: the deadline to apply for the  app challenge is next monday, october , ! #ca students are hig… 
today’s .% cola increase is good news, but we need social security benefits to keep up w/ the rising costs that h… 
proud to have helped introduce this bill, a great win for the music industry &amp; music lovers alike. our #ca consti… 
happy #comingoutday! proud to be a  member &amp; author the therapeutic fraud prevention act to establish… 
 : democratic rep. ted lieu says that if the democrats flip the house, the house judiciary committee should "interview the rel…
don't forget! our office is still accepting applications for the  u.s. military academy nomination cycle. #ca… 
join us for our next veterans town hall on sunday, november  from :am to :pm at the los angeles national c… 
many #ca constituents are concerned over local environmental impacts of leaded aviation fuel. that's why the rece… 
air pollution in california is a huge challenge, but we can all be a part of the solution. proud to join fellow cal… 
 : a supreme court justice, the congressman said, "is not supposed to be the mouthpiece for donald trump." …
proud of california for passing this pro-consumer rights net neutrality bill. everyone deserves access to a free an… 
 : “he [brett #kavanaugh] was lying about a central fact that would corroborate parts of the allegations of all three woman”…
 : “i believe that after that hearing judge #kavanaugh showed he was no longer qualified to be on the #supremecourt" …
october is national cybersecurity awareness month. are you #cyberaware? make sure to check out… 
a year after the deadliest mass shooting in american history, we’re still fighting for legislation to… 
our staff joined hundreds out in manhattan beach today for the beach cities walk to end alzheimer's. #endalz… 
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
our office is still accepting applications for the  app challenge. #ca students are highly encouraged to appl… 
this week's #kavanaugh hearing sparked an important national conversation about sexual assault but also unearthed p… 
it’s no secret that this is the most closed congress in u.s. history. what’s more,  passed their st clo… 
remember: this is not a trial. it’s brett #kavanaugh’s job interview for a lifetime appointment to the highest cour… 
great news! yesterday the house passed our hack your state department act, a bipartisan bill introduced with… 
as a supporter of  u.s. international family planning assistance, proud to join others in recognizing today as… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday! remember to register, check your registration, and exercise your right to v… 
 : from rep. :  "as a former prosecutor, i believe #christineblaseyford and #deborahramirez." #congress has to st…
we believe dr. blasey ford. we still believe anita hill. all survivors have the right to tell their own story, in t… 
 : .: this is not enough to fire rod rosenstein  #inners
we created the elected officials council on veterans to bring together elected leaders from all levels of governmen… 
meeting with tourism leaders in #ca to discuss the importance of travel to our state's economy &amp; celebrate califo… 
happy #hispanicheritagemonth! together let us celebrate the generations of hispanic americans who have positively i… 
september is national suicide prevention awareness month, a time to remember those affected by suicide, to raise aw… 
a year after #hurricanemaria devastated #puertorico and the #usvirginislands, our fellow americans are still strugg… 
 : democrat  tells  he now believes that ag jeff sessions ought to stay in place in order to protect speci…
congratulations to #ca congressional award recipients kim, hunter, luke, and chase for their service to our commu… 
wishing those celebrating #yomkippur a meaningful day of reflection, prayer, and an easy fast. may we take this tim… 
when #anitahill told her story, the senate didn’t listen. let’s not repeat mistakes - the senate must give dr. chri… 
happy st birthday to the ! 
low-yield nuclear weapons have the potential to lower the threshold for using nuclear weapons &amp; increase the risk o… 
 : . &amp;     introduce bill banning low-yield nukes https://t.co…
our thoughts and prayers are with  and . hoping for a swift recovery! 
are you a #ca student interested in attending a u.s. military academy? our office is currently accepting applicat… 
encouraged to see  advance 's hack the department of homeland security (dhs) act today.… 
proud to be one of many people from around the globe supporting the goals of the  and am excited to take a… 
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. proud to join the #expandsocialsecurity… 
honored to receive the  mvp award from  for this year's house democrats' member online all-star compe… 
delighted to launch the bipartisan california aerospace caucus w/  today! our state is light yrs ahead w… 
 : dem’s bill would "honor" pruitt by increasing penalties for corruption  
introduced the e. scott pruitt accountability for government officials act, which honors the legacy of former epa a… 
joined elementary students in #ca today to honor those who served &amp; continue to serve our country.  yrs after … 
today we remember the thousands of lives lost on #september and honor the brave first responders who gave their l… 
proud to support california's leadership in combating human trafficking with  recently signing measur… 
don't forget! our office is still accepting applications for the  app challenge. #ca students are highly enco… 
the inability of the trump admin to provide clear &amp; consistent info on its immigration policies demands oversight.… 
wishing all a happy &amp; prosperous #roshhashanah! the high holy days are an opportunity for reflection to look back o… 
 : rep. : ...the way our constitution is set up it is not for a staff member to be a check &amp; balance on president. it i…
today we introduced a bill to increase u.s.-israel cooperation on directed energy defense technology w/… 
don't forget to join rancho palos verdes this sunday, september  to celebrate 's th anniversary. more… 
proud to support and help pass h.r. , the empowering students through enhanced financial counseling act. this b… 
thanks to  for hosting today’s event to assemble care packages for military spouses. honored to help fellow… 
saddened to hear about the recent passing of , cystic fibrosis activist and #ca constituent. clair… 
happy th birthday to the city of los angeles! 🥳 
#brettkavanaugh will be a rubber stamp for the trump-pence anti-woman and anti-health care agenda. the senate must… 
this #laborday we honor &amp; celebrate the incredible triumphs of those who have fought tirelessly on behalf of worker… 
 : republicans in congress "have not stood up to the corruption that's in the trump administration" and they're "completel…
 : "this whole crazy conspiracy theory that the president keeps tweeting about with bruce ohr has no basis in fact"  "he p…
 : “we see the dominoes around those close to donald trump keep falling – people keep either getting indicted, convicted, or t…
 : trump's claim that campaign finance violations "are not a crime" is an attack on the laws that protect democracy, write …
 : "if donald trump were to fire jeff sessions, that would be obstruction of justice," says rep. ted lieu. "trump is not firin…
 : "it is not a coincidence that less than two weeks after donald trump finds out don mcgahn was cooperating with special coun…
we must condemn the kidnapping of yemen human rights researcher kamal al-shawish by houthi forces and call for his… 
always appreciate visiting local businesses in #ca -- especially with a beer in hand!  thanks to ,… 
. fixer michael cohen's $, payment to stephanie clifford looked fishy enough to prompt calling for an f… 
by nixing the clean power plan, the trump administration is creating a public health crisis that they even admit co… 
it’s high time that the dod ig investigates whether u.s. coalition support in yemen is violating dod regulations, t… 
calling all ca- kids who can code: our office is currently accepting submissions for the  congressional app c… 
corruption and cronyism have no place in our democracy. the  promised to drain the swamp but so far they'v… 
locking up americans before they have their day in court simply because they are poor is un-american. proud to join… 
our los angeles office is still accepting applications for our fall  internship program. make sure to apply by… 
appreciated the opportunity to speak to some of the employees at , an online food ordering platform headqua… 
had a great time visiting  in #ca earlier this week. learned a lot about the beer industry and how we… 
the trump administration’s attack on california and our planet won’t stand. california's authority to regulate gree… 
 : "the walls are closing in on the president"   when trump told ag sessions to shut down the mueller probe "that's obstru…
attention #dreamers: right now, you can still apply to renew your #daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for… 
enjoyed touring the tapia water reclamation plant at the las virgenes municipal water district this week.  do… 
 : "it's not surprising that donald trump is increasing his attacks (on the russia probe). the walls are closing in on him. .…
 : "no one is above the law. ... as a former prosecutor, defendants don't get to set preconditions, so the president shouldn'…
 : #otd in , president lyndon b. johnson signed the bill that established medicare and medicaid. today, the programs c…
today the house passed a provision to hold our coalition partners accountable for any failures to protect civilians… 
congress can exercise its power over 's administration &amp; hold them accountable for their actions, b… 
we refuse to let the trump administration roll back access to affordable health care. proud to join '… 
ever since  proposed a ban on trans service members a year ago, courts nationwide have held off his… 
 : . &amp;  introduced a bill today to end money bail, a broken part of our criminal justice system that…
thank you  for joining our fight to end cash bail! proud to have introduced h.r. , the no money bail… 
 : from rep. : we’re now seeing a debate about whether or not trump suggested paying for the story in cash. that…
it's outrageous for the  to even contemplate handing over former u.s. officials to the kremlin for inter… 
taxpayer money should never subsidize discrimination. we must do everything we can to stop the #aderholtamendment,… 
do you know what's scarier than a great white shark?  being able to launch a nuclear first strike without con… 
house republicans want you to ignore the last  months. democrats are fighting #forthepeople because you deserve b… 
 : don't be distracted by all caps. we’re not attacking iran.  but russia *did* attack our  elections to help donald tr…
 : .-[fisa warrant shows] there was overwhelming evidence to have probable cause for the surveillance of carter page…
 : . joins  today #reiders! be sure to tune in-- am et this #sundaymorning on  #amjoy https://t.co…
 : "there's no way vladimir putin should be coming (to washington) this fall. and if he does, i'm going to be marching in prot…
brett kavanaugh was chosen for his extreme views. the last thing we need on the supreme court is a radical justice… 
an accurate #census is critical to our nation. the political decision by the trump administration to add an unt… 
breaking: 's longtime lawyer/fixer michael cohen secretly taped a conversation w/  about paym… 
our los angeles office is currently accepting applications for our fall  internship program. #ca constituents… 
#ca residents are invited to join  &amp;  for a joint meeting to discuss the purple li… 
 : just in:  sided with  and voted down 's effort to restore election security grants that prev…
trump sold out america. it’s that simple. joined fellow military veteran members of congress to speak out and conde… 
it’s clearer than ever that the russians have something on . republicans have a duty to do what he… 
 : . joins bill and  in studio now! getting an elected official's response to all of the madness.  watch:…
in the past year, one in three #transgender people experienced discrimination from a doctor. now, the trump-pence a… 
don't forget to follow  on , , , &amp;  for updates from our office!  ➡️f… 
a foreign entity that gains access to a powerful political org to sway the outcomes of elections threatens the very… 
 : "it really is one of the most disgraceful moments, i think, of american history" - rep.  on trump-putin summit:…
today we watched  offer total deference to a hostile foreign power while attacking u.s. institutions. by refu… 
looks like someone didn’t get the memo. #trumpputinsummit 
dear : since it appears you will not be canceling your #helsinkisummit meeting with #vladimirputin, here's an… 
. cannot claim to love the u.s. while meeting with #putin, a man who is overseeing an all-out attac… 
. promised his policies would support job creation &amp; increase wages. instead of pursuing smart trade enforcem… 
today's indictments tell us what virtually everyone in the government, except the president and his enablers, has a… 
the #strzokhearing was just another opportunity for  to obsess over clinton's emails &amp; attack the  &amp;… 
our washington, d.c. office is currently accepting applications for our fall  internship program. #ca constit… 
 : listen:  () slams #republicans for their sham hearing today and attacks on #fbi agent #peterstrzok sayi…
how will separated children &amp; parents be reunited? good question! is the gop-controlled congress holding a hearing… 
wonderful meeting th grade #ca constituent, helen, during her visit to dc today. helen is participating in a pro… 
 : the #goptaxscam is leaving americans in the dust while the richest % see their incomes soar. everyday americans are no…
dear : in light of your comments about #nato today, here's a simple one page memo with pictures and colors to… 
congratulations to  for being chosen by  as one of its energy frontier research centers &amp; receiving a $… 
tom price ✔️ scott pruitt ✔️ who will be the next trump official to go? 🤔  while gop leaders cower behind… 
. nominated #brettkavanaugh, someone who could rule that  can pardon himself and/or can't be… 
.'s abuse of the pardon power is a grave threat to america. yet it was only just a few weeks ago wh… 
once again  misuses his executive power with no good or rational reason for these pardons. 
women have made incredible progress towards equality thanks to #roevwade - in the workplace, in society, in communi… 
drift gillnet fishing is antiquated &amp; harmful to local ecosystems. that's why congress must pass h.r. , our bil… 
.'s family separation policy created nothing but chaos.  continues to ignore these chil… 
 : "statistics... say that it's about .% that could be fraudulent families. everybody else are real families that got ripped…
 : in this in depth interview,  talks:  -family separations at the border -russia investigation  -supreme court p…
 : “we can’t normalize what should not be normalized!”  i asked  why he so aggressively attacks …
 : . says the  family separation policy is the “functional equivalent of kidnapping. it’s horr…
make sure to follow  on , , , &amp;  for updates from our office!  ➡️face… 
in a watershed time where more women and men are coming forward with harrowing #metoo⁠ stories of abuse, we have th… 
.’s #scotusnominee short list is full of candidates who could roll back progress on voting rights,… 
we're concerned about recent reports the north korean regime is expanding it's nuclear capabilities. that's why we'… 
looking for things to do in #ca this summer? make sure to check out some of these fun outdoor activities with… 
 : "i think definitely corruption is a major aspect of november's midterms but democrats also running on a economic message."  — …
 : watch: . discusses trump's scotus picks and scott pruitt's resignation #mtpdaily    https:…
 : . on scott pruitt's resignation: “i think we should not underestimate the power of public opinion and the power o…
 : . on the open scotus seat: “this nomination should be held open for the less than five months until after the mid…
we've been calling for 's resignation for months now. his time at  has been mired w/ secrecy, wa… 
reports indicate  used "secret" calendars &amp; schedules to hide controversial mtgs w/ industry players… 
wishing everyone in #ca a happy and safe #independenceday! make sure to check out these helpful tips on firework… 
need help w/ your social security benefits? running into issues w/ the dept of veterans affairs or u.s. post office… 
 : "democrats are not saying open borders because ice doesn't have to do with our borders, that's a totally separate agenc…
 : rep. ted lieu says democrats who want to abolish us immigration and customs enforcement are "not saying abolish ice and…
your progressive voice in congress. follow  to learn more! 
got summer plans to visit washington, d.c.? our office is happy to assist #ca constituents book tours during thei… 
 : michael cohen “seems like he is telling the president that he will likely flip on the president if he is charged, and he’s…
this weekend we saw thousands take to the streets to #keepfamilestogether &amp; #endfamilydetention. together we stand… 
 : "i think a president under active criminal investigation should not be nominating a supreme court justice."  — rep. ted lieu   h…
 : "in terms of the comey firing ... mr. rosenstein has every right to feel used and be angry," says rep.  https://t.…
 : “the special prosecutor’s investigation is far from over.” democrat rep.  tells  michael flynn’s delay…
it's #followfriday! make sure to follow  on , , , &amp;  for updates from… 
 : dem lawmaker tears into congress for taking recess despite migrant families still being separated  http…
together with  members of congress we’re calling for the  inspector general to open an investigation regar… 
congress just left for another week of recess. meanwhile, there's still thousands of children waiting to be reunite… 
our hearts go out to the #capitalgazette victims and their families. congressional inaction on gun violence prevent… 
questioned fbi director wray and deputy ag rosenstein today at the judiciary committee's “emergency” hearing – not… 
the house judiciary committee questioned  agent #peterstrzok for hrs behind closed doors. gop members now want… 
this #immigrantheritagemonth we honor the immigrants and refugees from around the world who have fled oppression, p… 
the gop-led house judiciary committee voted along party lines to block the passage of h.res. , our resolution of… 
this case was an attack on unions and an attack on working people and the causes we fight for every day. we stand w… 
 : are you searching for an undocumented child who was separated from his/her parents?  can help. call () …
shelby, korematsu, dred scott, and now, trump v. hawaii. today's decision joins a line of rulings history will look…  why is the president sending over  troops to the border? because folks are mad that the gop robbed the middle c… 
once upon a time there was another country that stripped certain groups of citizenship. we can't allow the slow rol… 
nothing like starting your tuesday off with the president threatening to erase the constitution by executive power… 
so trump thinks hamilton shouldn't have been a citizen? , thoughts? 
saying “the gop will protect pre-existing conditions” is like saying “donald trump is a principled leader.” get to… 
hey georgia! we only have  days until you get to elect  to be the next #gagov. keep making phone call… 
made a #worldseries bet with . really looking forward to the  and  beer sh… 
need more proof that we need new leaders in washington? congress has refused to invest in our crumbling infrastruct… 
the american people will not be taken for fools. we will not let the gop deprive americans of our medicare and soci… 
the last  days: ✔️a white supremacist killed two black americans in a grocery store ✔️a white supremacist mailed b… 
a truly rich city is not one where the poor can afford cars but where the wealthy take transit. a world-class regio… 
 : what an amazing packed house with lynn democrats this morning -  days to make sure our government shares our values. tha…
 : from jackson county to alton to cairo, brendan has driven all over southern illinois listening to you. only your power…
the last place someone should experience terror is in their place of worship. the happiest of times - celebrating a… 
glad to see some of ’s finest featured! 
need another reason to go out and knock doors this weekend? paul ryan wants to take away your medicare and social s… 
why are we going to see a jump in healthcare prices next year? because  thinks that selling out to insurance co… 
 years ago, matthew shepard was murdered because of his sexual orientation. the strength and commitment to justic… 
it was my pleasure to be joined by so many north shore women at our annual women’s breakfast on monday! thank you t… 
do you think the russian spies get sick of him always complaining about accurate media coverage? 
these calls must be quite entertaining for the chinese and the russians. did anyone ever think our draft-dodger-in-… 
in this country, when a terror emergency occurs, we ground the planes.  should cancel his rally ton… 
the economy is roaring, but it doesn’t take much to go into salem or lynn and see a lot of people aren’t benefiting… 
trump’s #taxscam has only increased the trade deficit and left our manufacturing industry less competitive around t… 
gutless attempts at inflicting terror will not stop our elected officials or free press from doing their job to def… 
be a voter in the  election. have questions about voting? call the voter hotline at --.
trump’s withdrawal from the inf treaty president reagan negotiated is a big mistake and provides putin a convenient… 
i've pushed from day  to do everything we can to support the people of the merrimack valley, including setting asi… 
emmy is ready for the  to #dodamage. 
what incentive do our kids have to join our foreign service if they see ambassadorships handed out to the wealthy l… 
it's a shame that children have to fly to the vatican to ask pope francis for help protecting their parents. i admi… 
public statements by the saudis so far:  - not dead - missing - dead but we have no idea what happened - dead but n… 
if you're early voting, be sure to learn about the ballot beforehand so you can feel confident about your vote. the… 
mitch mcconnell wants to fund their #goptaxscam with your medicare and social security. vote this november to stand… 
massachusetts, today kicks off early voting! if you’re working on election day, make plans to vote early so your vo… 
civil rights are not conditional. we must stand up to this cruel abuse of human rights and we cannot allow this adm… 
thanks for the mention and call to action, . selina meyer would have some stiff competition in these fu… 
i’ve endorsed  for congress - and now  has too. 
thanks for sharing our ad ! let's keep working to get these incredible candidates elected in november. 
 years ago a crooked president ordered his attorney general to fire a special prosecutor and the country had had… 
 : . is an iraq war veteran, and she served as a u.s. air force intelligence officer under "don’t ask, don’t…
we are so grateful for everyone’s love and support over the past week and a half. emmy has already given us so much… 
the bipartisan failure to invest in our infrastructure has suffocated economic opportunity while leaving us more di… 
the president is openly cheering violence against journalists while also protecting mbs from facing consequences fo… 
i’m the first one to call out veterans if they embellish their service, but amy is a true leader of courage and int… 
i’m sure this is what you said to each other at that “we just took healthcare away from  million people” white ho… 
how many children in this photo will be taken from their parents if they reach the us?   yes, we need immigration r… 
in the same week he’s too cowardly to condemn the murder of journalist, he praises a lawmaker who physically attack… 
after cutting off $ trillion in in our revenue and handing it over to billionaires, now the  wants to make it… 
congratulations to #medalofhonor recipient sgt. maj. john canley who selflessly and repeatedly put himself in dange… 
curious about this administration’s feckless response to the torture and dismemberment of a journalist? vote this n… 
trump built an empire around misleading investors, buyer, and contractors. why did anyone think he would behave dif… 
must read: jamal khashoggi’s final article about the importance of a free press in the face of authoritarianism. jo… 
mitch mcconnell thinks the biggest disappointment of his career was not being able to take away your medicare, medi… 
trump has time to watch tv, lob cheap insults at women and political opponents yet still has not visited u.s. troop… 
an economy is more than unemployment and gdp. millions of americans are suffering from stagnating wages and crushin… 
i'm proud to have received a perfect % on the  congressional scorecard. i will continue to stand on the righ… 
art of the deal? we have a commander in chief who fundamentally doesn’t understand the strategic advantages of the… 
always good to see your secretary of state declare that they’re not interested in facts when it comes to investigat… 
we need more of this. 
the party of “fiscal responsibility” is about to run a trillion-dollar deficit while the economy is at full employm… 
massachusetts, tomorrow is the last day to register to vote! make sure you're registered: 
mayhew held up , mainers from enrolling in medicare as maine’s top health official. yet again, the trump admin… 
even in today’s wildly partisan congress, there is strong bipartisan support to hold mbs accountable. that makes th… 
there's no way in a centrally controlled, police state like saudi arabia that  gov agents killed an opponent with… 
after this administration fails to comply with a court order ordering them to reunite families, now they want to te… 
 : we need to do more than just vote if we want to take back the house. see how you can get involved: …
i don’t know if he is gullible, disinterested, or compromised, but this type of weak leadership in the face of auth… 
because this strategy worked out great when you asked putin if he interfered in our elections. 
voting is important. but this year, it’s not enough. everybody who really wants change needs to get out there and v… 
i agree,  - i held the first congressional hearing on syria in months and the trump administration can’t e… 
separating children from their families is cruel and un-american. 
zeigler's lawyers said he “acted from passion instead of judgment.”   which brand of "passion" causes someone to sh… 
pretty hard to describe how proud i am of this little girl i only just met, and of my amazing wife, . t… 
these leaders have what we need in washington: courage. 
on this #nationalmentalhealthday, remember that talking about and treating mental illness doesn’t make you less tha… 
we know trump sympathizes with authoritarians, but patriotic americans should stand up for innocent journalists. we… 
those who think climate security is not part of national security are missing the boat (ark analogies not totally o… 
the gop refuses any request to investigate corruption and wrongdoing in this administration. luckily, we have a fre… 
if we want to avoid a stagnating economy and prepare ourselves to compete in the future economy, it is essential th… 
 : today is the last day to register to vote in:  arizona ✅ arkansas ✅ florida ✅ georgia ✅ indiana ✅ kentucky ✅ louisiana ✅…
people with intellectual and developmental disabilities often have extreme difficulty accessing the healthcare they… 
the gop would rather fly in a female prosecutor than actually - god forbid - let one of their female senators sit o… 
because the billionaire who dodged millions in taxes and puts his name in gold on his own buildings is definitely l… 
gop leadership is apparently horrified at the prospect of wealthy individuals actually following the law and paying… 
today marks the th year we have been at war in afghanistan, the longest war in our history. we must never forget… 
we have every right to be angry—and i am—but there is no better time for that old adage: don’t get mad, get even. see you in november, .
any great leaders in maine, veterans especially, who want to unseat a senator who has no courage to stand up for he… 
gop leadership is apparently horrified at the prospect of wealthy individuals actually following the law and paying… 
the people who have come out to set the record straight on kavanaugh’s lies are not partisan actors; they are conce… 
having wh counsel don mcgahn coach a scotus nominee while directing the fbi investigation of said nominee is... not… 
() - will get you to the capitol switchboard. there’s still time to make your voice heard. keep calling.
trump’s version of u.s. ‘leadership’? inspiring less confidence in the world than autocrats and dictators like xi a… 
happy birthday to my friend, ! here’s to another year of having to prove our friendship to the .
so it’s ok if white men commit sexual assault and dodge millions in tax dollars, but immigrant children have to rep… 
 : rather than politicizing the issue of border security and protecting our homeland—a mission i committed myself to as a ma…
vote this november so we can have a congress with the courage to stand up to the president and investigate these gr… 
it's simple: weapons of war don't belong on our streets. my friend  has shown courage by turning trag… 
donald trump isn’t self-made, he’s self-serving. a man who spends his career dodging drafts and taxes is unfit to b… 
discrimination isn't strong, smart, strategic foreign policy. it just makes us bigots. 
i admire my friend jason’s courage, facing his own challenges head on and doing it in a way that sets a brave examp… 
the trump administration can’t decide whether we’re in syria to fight iran or isis—and one of those answers is ille… 
👏👏👏 
i agree with my colleague  on this one. 
what is our strategy in syria? the trump administration owes an answer to our troops. 
one year ago today, the worst mass shooting in us history took  lives and left over  wounded. we'll… 
great day canvassing in #ma today! thanks to all the volunteers who showed up and knocked on doors with us. here… 
 : watch: senator klobuchar's full speech at yesterday's supreme court nomination hearing 
i'll be launching three coordinated canvassing events tomorrow in gloucester, newburyport, and north andover. 📋🗳️no… 
both parties have a history of picking the next guy in line -- and it's almost always a man -- in congressional pri… 
i'm in awe of dr. ford's bravery. and i believe her. #believewomen
with  days to go,  and  are shifting the battlefield in their districts. send them each $ t… 
what we’ve seen from the trump administration is a lack of consistency and an inability to put forward a clear stra… 
military escalation by russia in syria threatens to exacerbate an already devastating humanitarian crisis with over… 
economic well-being is much more than the unemployment rate and gdp. we have to make sure that our fiscal policies… 
i had a wonderful discussion with the  about working towards a congress that serves the american pe… 
our democracy only works when everyone is engaged. make sure your voice is heard in november by registering to vote… 
our #publiclands are a major economic driver in communities across the country. we can't afford to lose the . mil… 
 : get registered to #vote and turn out this november! there's too much at stake to sit this election out. #beavoter https:…
trump’s “accomplishments”? isolating our country globally, backing away from our allies, and cozying up to our enem… 
trump’s version of leadership is praising china’s authoritarian leader and calling north korean dictator kim ‘terri… 
the  nuclear deal was and remains the best way to prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. trump’s withdra… 
i don’t think the founders expected the  to fill the void left by a feckless house intelligence committee… 
i #believesurvivors. proud of my team for walking out and standing with dr. ford and the #metoo movement. 
a year ago, the trump administration implemented a “travel ban” meant to curb muslim immigration into this country.… 
while many veterans feel satisfied with their va care once they get it, access to care is a perennial problem. simp… 
for #hispanicheritagemonth, let’s celebrate the countless contributions of our vibrant latino community and fight b… 
trump's suspicions and unfounded accusations should not be used to fire rosenstein and install a trump loyalist to… 
virginians, join me at the veterans for spanberger meet and greet on sept. th with  &amp; ! 
earlier this year i co-sponsored h.r. , the puerto rico admission act of . puerto ricans have been deprived… 
nearly k puerto ricans were killed by hurricane maria. families didn’t have access to basic necessities &amp; health s… 
one year ago today, the island of puerto rico was devastated by hurricane maria. we will always remember the ,… 
i am proud to endorse a new group of  candidates who will put public service before personal gain. th… 
it's been seven years since “don’t ask, don’t tell,” was repealed and i want to share a story of someone who served… 
leaders like  won’t back down when it comes to standing up to the trump administration and fighting f… 
these are not the policies of public servants; they are the fear tactics of political hacks. we need leaders in was… 
g'mar chatimah tovah to all of those observing #yomkippur tonight. may you have a meaningful and easy fast.
. is as tough as they come. glad to hear he is in good spirits and i know he is in good hands with… 
on #constitutionday let’s appreciate the freedom of the press. those of us in positions of power need to be held ac… 
this is today! excited to be on the road campaigning with  
there should not be a vote on brett kavanaugh until prof. christine ford testifies. we should have listened to anit… 
. gets to the heart of what i’ve been saying for over a year with our  candidates: find gr… 
the lack of response from  is unacceptable. people deserve to feel safe in their homes, and we all ne… 
the first responders, emergency management crews, utility workers, the red cross, volunteers, and local leaders hav… 
if you are affected by the gas explosions, check our resources doc for information and updates. 
got the number of the columbia gas president and have tried him multiple times with no answer. everyone wants answers. and we deserve them.
experts believe houses will have to be inspected and gas turned back on  one by one, which could take a couple of days.
just talked to the the pipeline and hazardous materials administrator. a few updates: - he’s dispatched  investiga… 
just landed in boston and on my way up to north andover. my team is already on site to assist however we can. thinking of everyone.
shelters for folks who are forced to evacuate from andover and north andover have been set up at north andover midd… 
 
monitoring the situation in north andover. i hope the first responders and those who are dealing with this are stay… 
get to know , a service-driven leader. and be safe down there! 
amazing effort and hard-fought campaign by . your dedication to serving our country is an inspiration… 
congratulations to  for a big win in #nh. he’s been representing his communities as a public servan… 
veterans should not have to suffer in silence. reach out to people who might be struggling and listen to them. no o… 
national suicide prevention lifeline: ‑‑‑talk ()  veterans crisis line: --- and press  crisi… 
remember that there is great strength in empathy. you never know who is struggling. #suicideawarenessweek
after the loss of an american hero, i wrote this medium post honoring john mccain’s legacy. 
 years ago, terrorists attacked our country in a cowardly attempt to break the american spirit. what they did ins… 
everyone needs to do their part if we want to flip the house this november. you can find and follow candidates who… 
veterans should have access to whatever safe treatment options are available, regardless of partisanship. 
hey #nh voters! don’t forget to come out tomorrow and vote for ! 
shanah tova to all of those celebrating #roshhashanah across the country and around the world!
i’m on team harbaugh and ready to kick some ass with him. 
proud to join  introducing a resolution urging nato to name its new headquarters after senator john mc… 
no one will rest easier knowing that even 's closest advisors worry about him as our commander in c… 
“% of active-duty service members said they believed that seeking mental health treatment is damaging to one's mi… 
you can’t hide character in undisclosed documents. 
a hard-fought race and an upstanding concession from —that’s politics at its best. thank you for your y… 
congratulations to  for being willing to challenge the party establishment and for building a winnin… 
wouldn’t be here without you! 
 : knocking on doors in #burlington this afternoon with congressman ! so proud to have your support in our campaign…
i second my colleagues' push for cannabis research. the va needs to stop ignoring this potential alternative to opi… 
liz and i voted in the mass. primary this morning bright and early! ✅polls will be open until pm &amp; you can find yo… 
we can all do more to succeed in the automated economy instead of watching it pass us by. praise for local  for p… 
on our day off, let's remember the hard working americans who fought for workers’ rights and made sure that the eco… 
today’s service was a moving reminder of the man that john mccain was and the country he hoped for us to be. all of… 
the gop has decided to put politics over the security of those who have served our country. 
this will be an unmitigated public safety disaster- which is why i introduced legislation to modernize the undetect… 
this is a good time to remind everyone that we all play a part in this and showing up to the polls in november is o… 
the president is currently an unindicted co-conspirator in a federal investigation. we cannot allow him to appoint… 
 : "i have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the colour of their sk…
david foster wallace wrote a masterful piece for rolling stone while covering mccain’s  campaign. great read.… 
happy birthday to our th president, lbj. while his climb from hill country congressman to senator “landslide” lyn… 
the state dept. is still unwilling to call this genocide despite overwhelming evidence. i agree that burmese offici… 
i'm proud to hear my friend, sheriff steven w. tompkins, speaking out about mass incarceration. we need to stop war… 
john mccain dedicated his life to this country and always put people over politics. his example of leadership will… 
 : .'s record of service is outstanding - in uniform abroad, and as a tireless veterans advocate at home. this…
management at the va has failed our veterans again. too often, the only option  can provide a sexual… 
campaigns should not be about questioning the legitimacy of someone's service to our country. these petty attacks e… 
if  stopped and listened to students, she’d hear them calling for less guns, not more. our leaders shoul… 
market consolidation and a lack of competition allows corporations to stiff workers on wage increases and charge ma… 
strong community relations at the local level are imperative for any future success in iraq. playing politics with… 
how do you plead guilty to something that's not a crime? 
.  has taken time away from his campaign to report for national guard training with his unit. running ne… 
proud of the students in massachusetts who are marching to keep gun violence issues in the national spotlight. thes… 
overcoming some of our greatest challenges in the st century requires innovative legislation like  ‘s… 
on this day in , our country finally guaranteed the right for women to vote. nearly  years later, brave publ… 
if you think the intelligence community will be intimidated by petty autocratic gestures, then you have greatly und…  we learned a lot of hard lessons after sandy. this is an important, bipartisan bill that will make the storm recove… 
today i introduced the transparent disaster relief act, which requires fema to give storm survivors more informatio… 
 : "before they go to the polls november, the american people deserve real assurance that our government is taking every nec…
devastated and horrified by the events in pittsburgh. our hearts go out to the victims and their families and to th… 
 : today i joined  at her substance abuse prevention day event, which featured a variety of community ser…
thank you to all the residents and local partners who came to our substance abuse prevention day!   information is… 
this was an attempt to silence our leaders and our free press. we need to stand united in condemning these acts of… 
had a great time visiting rambam mesivta and shulamith this morning! two wonderful schools in #ny. keep up the gr… 
today we welcomed a new mobile medical unit for veterans in . a critical resource for our local vets… 
for weeks saudi arabia has misled the world about jamal khashoggi's death. there’s absolutely no way we can trust t… 
reminder: our first-ever substance abuse prevention day is coming up!   join us at the garden city public library o… 
thank you to all the students and families who joined us for our annual service academy night! it always gives me s… 
it's always an honor to speak at the 's long island legislative breakfast. had an opportunity to discuss many… 
"and the new tax law provides even more opportunities for property investors to take larger deductions."  meanwhile… 
new yorkers: today is the deadline to register to vote! our democracy is stronger when everyone participates.   cli… 
 : “before they go to the polls in november, the american people deserve real assurance that our government is taking every…
the administration's proposal to privatize the postal service would lead to higher rates, fewer jobs, and reduced s… 
 : in brett kavanaugh, senate republicans have installed a wholly unfit justice to the #scotus. this is a dark day for wo…
good news for the , tps recipients in nys. the decision to end tps was yet another shameful &amp; dangerous move b… 
proud to see two of my bills included in the bipartisan #faareauthorization. the transparency in technological acqu… 
looking forward to our first-ever substance abuse prevention day.    join us at the garden city public library on o… 
this report confirms what we already knew: . dhs was completely unprepared to implement trump's disastrous zero-to… 
congratulations to south side high school and w. tresper clarke high school on being named  national blue ribbo… 
the first tax bill capped state &amp; local tax deductions &amp; hurt hard-working families in #ny. the new tax package m… 
in awe of dr. ford's poise and courage. by coming forward and testifying today, she is standing up for survivors ev… 
my statement on h.res.. 
enough is enough. , it’s time to vote on legislation to protect robert mueller and his investigation. t… 
i met with our #veterans advisory committee yesterday to discuss the ongoing efforts to improve access to health ca… 
proud to introduce the students and families empowerment act today . too many college graduates are living… 
the majority of sexual assaults are never reported to the police.  this is a disgusting and ignorant take - but not… 
had a great roundtable discussion today with local labor leaders from across long island, where we covered importan… 
wishing all those observing #yomkippur in #ny an easy and meaningful fast. g’mar chatima tova!
could not agree more. long island's veterans deserve nothing less than the best possible care - and that starts wit… 
today i testified before the house rules committee on my resolution to prohibit members of congress from serving on… 
 : one immediate change we can make to strengthen ethics standards in congress is to ban house members from serving on corporat…
today we remember those who lost their lives on /, we pray for their families, and we reaffirm our never-ending… 
wishing a happy &amp; healthy new year to everyone celebrating #roshhashanah in #ny &amp; around the world. l'shanah tovah!
it's been  year since trump terminated #daca. since then,  hasn't taken any action to protect dreamers… 
once again, republicans are trying to eliminate protections for americans with pre-existing conditions. they want t… 
happy #laborday! today we celebrate the contributions of all american workers, past and present. tomorrow we keep u… 
president trump wants people to think that michael cohen didn't actually commit a crime. that would be pretty conve… 
these grants represent critical investments in our communities and schools. i'm grateful to governor cuomo for reco… 
pleased to announce more than $ million in security grant funding for eight nonprofit organizations in #ny. i'll… 
deeply saddened to hear of john mccain’s passing. this is truly a national tragedy. senator mccain served, he sacri… 
senator mccain is a true patriot and public servant. his strength, independence and unwavering sense of duty should… 
i was a prosecutor for + years. cooperating witnesses play a crucial role in exposing the truth and bringing crim… 
teachers are asking for raises, new books &amp; more money for school supplies.   besty devos wants to buy them guns.… 
today  &amp; i introduced our bill to prohibit members of the house from serving on corporate boards. if we… 
such a pleasure spending time with pablo villavicencio, his wife sandra &amp; their two beautiful daughters. this famil… 
revoking brennan's security clearance is pettiness at the expense of national security. we always knew… 
today i met with the sokolow family to discuss the anti-terrorism clarification act, which recently passed in the h… 
had great visit with the hempstead  team this morning. home depot employs , people at  stores across… 
the indictment against rep. collins has made clear the need for reform. today,  &amp; i announced a resoluti… 
this is one of the most despicable examples of the cronyism that’s come to define this administration.   our vetera… 
it is clear that tsa needs to reassess its technological capabilities and improve its screening procedures to be mo… 
the transgender community deserves to be treated with fairness and respect in all aspects of life, including travel… 
a proud moment for nassau county! this designation reminds us of the pivotal role that our community has played in… 
thank you karen and brandon! your family's story and your tireless advocacy have played such an important role in g… 
today i introduced the younger-onset alzheimer’s disease parity act. too often americans w/ younger-onset alzheimer… 
a woman's right to choose should not be up for debate. we must #committoroe &amp; oppose any efforts to restrict abortion rights. 
one year ago  foolishly tweeted his unconstitutional ban on transgender service members. we must co… 
great news! pablo deserves to be home with his family. thank you to  for their incredible work on behal… 
american victims of terrorism like the sokolow family deserve the opportunity to seek justice, regardless of where… 
earlier this year,  and i called on the fbi to investigate these exact payments. we believe they may hav… 
few members of congress have more credibility on this issue than my colleague . a smart piece that ca… 
today  &amp; i called on  to appoint an election security czar. the threat of continued interference… 
american citizens are not bargaining chips. the fact that  even entertained the idea of letting russia interr… 
in may,  &amp; i sent a letter to the fbi calling for an investigation into russian ties to the nra. yesterd… 
my statement on why we need an election security czar: 
this is not a thing of the past. our intel community confirmed that russia is actively trying to interfere in the … 
whether or not  addressed russia's interference in our election during his meeting with putin is irrelevant,… 
watch: when asked if they agree w/ the intel community's assessment that russia interfered in the  election /… 
yesterday,  and i questioned senior dhs officials about russian interference in the  election &amp; th… 
my amendment to the intel authorization act passed yesterday. it'll require  &amp;  to develop a thr… 
proud to join  of my colleagues in requesting information from  on its screening procedures for transgender p… 
fine print: " adults have been deported and are being contacted."  i wonder how "complete" this process feels for… 
the entire intel community acknowledges that russia interfered in the  elections. yet president trump's words &amp;… 
in a  hearing on election security where dhs under secretary krebs says there is a concerted effort b… 
meanwhile, the trump admin failed to meet the deadline set by a federal judge to reunite all separated children und… 
 years ago, the th amendment was ratified, establishing equal protection under the law. it has since been used… 
disgusting to see the president mock the #metoo movement, but not surprising coming from an admitted sexual predato… 
i’ve seen firsthand how  has failed to hold ice accountable for its actions. we have not had  hearing on… 
last week  senior ice investigators raised this concern publicly. they asked  to separate the investig… 
the trump admin is clearly misusing ice resources to fulfill its political motives instead of actually empowering i… 
calls to abolish ice are only shifting the conversation away from the real problems facing our immigration &amp; asylum… 
thread: no question that ice is in need of serious reform. the policies it’s prioritizing today don't reflect its p… 
this is what happens when you have the trump admin actively working to sabotage the affordable care act. the federa… 
heat advisory for long island must be taken seriously, especially for families with children &amp; seniors. please drin… 
today marks the th anniversary of the stonewall riots. let's honor the legacy of all the lgbtq activists who risk… 
"he’s the kind of person we want in this country." ice should not be using its limited resources to go after a hard… 
thank you for your work on this important issue! on this #ptsdawarenessday let's recommit to supporting our veteran… 
devastated by the #janus decision. this hands a victory to corporate interests &amp; will hurt working families. americ… 
another bad scotus decision: #niflavbecerra allows crisis pregnancy centers to give women biased &amp; inaccurate infor… 
a bad decision by #scotus does not change the fact that the travel ban is completely discriminatory &amp; does not make… 
. put it best: "it’s hard to imagine anyone fighting to return to a system that left many people with pre-e… 
after spending the day w/officials from  &amp; , &amp; seeing the temporary shelters in #tornillo, one thing is… 
just wrapped up my visit to the #tornillo facility with a bipartisan delegation. securing our borders is critical,… 
just finished a briefing with  on border operations. arriving now at the facility in #tornillo, texas where mig… 
, kids were torn away from their families by our government. and there is still no plan for reuniting them. we… 
the executive order does nothing to address reunification. we need to continue holding this administration accounta… 
this week has shown the world frightening new levels of incompetence and malevolence within the white house.
on #worldrefugeesday we are reminded of our moral obligation to help the world's most vulnerable people. our nation… 
i'm proud to be a cosponsor of the keep families together act. if you oppose the cruel practice of separating child… 
jeff sessions &amp; john kelly spoke publicly of using family separation as a deterrent. then , kids were separated… 
while you and your colleagues have been busy getting your half-baked story straight, there are , kids at the bo… 
thank you  for skyping into our #daca forum today! it was great to have you with us in #ny as we t… 
had a great morning in #ny honoring our vietnam vets and their families. thank you to all those who joined us, es… 
an incredible honor to join so many long island veterans this morning as we commemorate the th anniversary of the… 
tomorrow: please join us saturday at :pm for a daca forum.  will be joining us via skype for the… 
mañana: acompáñanos en el foro sobre el programa de acción diferida para los llegados en la infancia (daca). sábado… 
there's no law compelling trump admin to separate children from their parents at the border. they're purposely usin… 
 : sarah sanders stands at the white house podium and repeats trump's lie that there is a law requiring children to be taken…
proud to have cosponsored the synthetics trafficking &amp; overdose prevention (stop) act, which would stop deadly synt… 
please join us for a commemoration of the th anniversary of the vietnam war this saturday, june th at :am. 
had the most inspiring meeting with . ayisat shared her story about living with dyslexia &amp; how her mom c… 
it's been two years since #pulse &amp; not enough progress has been made. this #pridemonth, let's recommit to combating… 
 : two years after #pulse, i know that love will win. we will transform our sorrow into love and progress. we will grieve,…
cruel &amp; completely inconsistent with american values. this could have deadly consequences for families fleeing viol… 
despite overwhelming public support, the ’s repeal of #netneutrality starts today. it's imperative that the int… 
acompáñanos en el foro sobre el programa de acción diferida para los llegados en la infancia (daca). sábado,  de… 
please join us this saturday, june th at :pm for a daca forum.  will be joining us via skype f… 
truly relieved to hear that pablo villavicencio has been granted an emergency stay of removal. this is great news f… 
mr. villavicencio is a hardworking family man - he shouldn't be in custody.  and i are asking ice's… 
the va's motto overlooks the service and sacrifice of women veterans. i proposed an amendment that would fix that,… 
the brave women who serve our country and the families of those who gave their lives defending it deserve to be a p… 
the number of women veterans in our country continues to rise, but still the va’s official motto excludes women. th… 
pablo’s detention represents everything that is wrong with the president’s immigration policy. pablo did nothing wr… 
pablo villavicencio’s arrest is outrageous and unacceptable. my office has been working with his wife sandra, a res… 
 years after passing the #equalpayact, the #paygap still exists &amp; harms working families. we must pass the… 
history made in america's largest township. happy #pridemonth! 
and yesterday a  spox mentioned d-day as an example of our strong relationship with germany. our allies -… 
 : trump: i have the unlimited power to do anything i want.   also trump: i’m completely unable to stop separating children from…
i've had the pleasure of meeting many wwii vets in #ny. anyone who's had that privilege knows why we call them th… 
when it comes to practicing law, honesty and integrity is everything. that’s why i joined  in asking the ge… 
that being said, the only way to ensure lgbtq americans are protected from discrimination — whether it’s in a baker… 
today's #masterpiececakeshop ruling is disappointing, but it is not the sweeping "license to discriminate" that ant… 
acompáñanos en el foro sobre el programa de acción diferida para los llegados en la infancia (daca). sábado,  de… 
please join us next saturday, june th at :pm for a daca forum.  will be joining us via skype f… 
ice should not be using its limited resources to detain hundreds of people who are vulnerable to abuse and pose no… 
ice recently provided my office with information about lgbtq people in its custody, including incidents of sexual a… 
 : today w/  we sent a letter to  director wray calling for an investigation into whether the kremlin used…
joined fellow former prosecutor  today to call for an fbi investigation into whether russia funneled mon… 
had a wonderful #fosteryouthshadowday with this bright young man, justice henry. justice lives in the bronx &amp; works… 
happy #harveymilkday! fun fact: milk grew up in woodmere &amp; taught for a year at george w. hewlett hs in #ny befor… 
the president of the united states is blatantly demanding an investigation for his own “political purposes.” this i… 
trump-pence admin continues to put their personal political views ahead of women’s health care &amp; reproductive right… 
last night i signed the #queenofthehill discharge petition to force debate on four immigration bills. ’… 
it takes tremendous courage for women to stand up &amp; say they've been harassed, assaulted or abused by powerful men.… 
it’s clear 's travel ban is unconstitutional, fuels xenophobia, and does not make us more secure. h… 
pleased to see a third federal judge reject the trump administration's decision to end daca, but it’s still on spea… 
wishing israel a very happy th independence day! here's to many more years of friendship between our two countries. #yomhaatzmaut
i commend  for taking this step. it's the right thing to do. 
when working women are shortchanged, families suffer the consequences. it’s long past time to close the wage gap fo… 
#ny resident mark sokolow &amp; his co-plaintiffs deserve justice. extremely disappointed that the trump admin denied… 
dr. king challenged all of us to listen to our conscience as americans &amp; as human beings.  years after his assass… 
today we commemorate #vietnamwarveteransday. vietnam veterans are heroes who deserve our respect, our gratitude, &amp;… 
 : earmarks encourage the worst behavior because they tempt people in congress to steal taxpayer money to benefit big contri…
 : trump should spend less time undermining #census &amp; focus on questions that matter. , if we are to se…
 : earlier this month  and i wrote a letter to the  asking for an investigation of  attorney…
rallied with students at #marchforourlives in long beach #ny. thank you for speaking up &amp; demanding action. #nra'… 
devastating. firefighter michael davidson was only , a husband &amp; a father of four young children. praying for his… 
excited to announce that long island now has a new full-time counselor serving student veterans at ncc &amp; sccc throu… 
important reminder: the re-registration deadline for haitians &amp; salvadorans with temporary protected status is this… 
to all of the students participating in #nationalwalkoutday on long island &amp; across the country, thank you. not one… 
tonight: join us from :-:pm for a temporary protected status (tps) information session. reps from u.s. citize… 
the sokolow family &amp; supporting plaintiffs in this case deserve to seek justice for enduring terrorist attacks in i… 
please join us this tuesday, march th at :pm for a temporary protected status (tps) information session. reps… 
urged  to withdraw trump administration proposal to unnecessarily disrupt the world trade center he… 
on this international women’s day, let’s celebrate all of the fearless women who fight for their rights and the rig… 
 : more evidence then-candidate  &amp; michael cohen conspired for cohen to make a $k in-kind contribution to sile…
yesterday i called on the federal railroad administration to investigate workplace safety practices at the lirr’s r… 
another nor’easter headed for long island tonight. winter storm warning in effect for nassau county and northwester… 
 : if this article is true, it shows cohen coordinated with  or his campaign. that makes the $k payment to sto…
more than , #dreamers have already lost their daca protections. although renewal applications are still being… 
today is the deadline  set to end #daca. because of scotus’s decision last week, daca recipients ca… 
major nor'easter headed toward long island tonight. expecting heavy rain, high winds, severe flooding, and a wintry… 
wishing everyone in #ny a happy purim!
thank you for your letters. i encourage all students in #ny to keep speaking up &amp; making your voices heard.… 
 th graders at  in lynbrook sent us letters in response to the #parkland shooting. heart-wrenchi… 
“no child, parent, teacher, or anyone should feel scared to go to a school.”-lia, th grade
“rep. rice i feel that the law should change because of all these shooting that happen at schools are really a nigh… 
yesterday i joined a bipartisan effort to force a vote on expanding background checks and closing loopholes. we all… 
please join us for a temporary protected status (tps) information session on tuesday, march th at :pm. reps fr… 
when unions are strong, working families succeed—especially women and people of color. #unrigthesystem
corporate special interests and right-wing donors are spending millions to undermine labor unions and divide worker… 
if congress had a shred of the courage we're seeing from #parkland survivors &amp; students across america, we wouldn't… 
 : t-minus  hour -  #frontlinepbs investigates "the gang crackdowns". who is behind the wave of killings on long island -…
 : today at pm #frontlinepbs investigates "the gang crackdowns". who is behind the wave of killings on long island - &amp; is…
this certainly is an american disgrace. 
today, congresswoman kathleen rice contacted the u.s. capitol police, as well as surgeon general jerome adams, aski… 
on #internationalholocaustrememberanceday, #weremember the six million jewish men, woman &amp; children who were murder… 
the government may not be open tomorrow, but our staff will be out in long beach helping #ny residents find affor… 
nothing can change the fact that republicans control our entire government, and their leadership would rather shut… 
. &amp; i just signed on as original cosponsors of the #usaact, bipartisan legislation to protect #dreamers… 
 : if dr. martin luther king jr. was preaching today, he would be speaking the idea that we are one people, one family, one…
we have two more sessions of mobile office hours before #openenrollment ends in ny! we'll be in uniondale tomorrow… 
racist. 
met with  members today to discuss the ongoing health care crisis in puerto rico &amp; the us virgin islands.… 
salvadoran tps recipients have lived in ny for decades. they are members of our communities, and this is another sh… 
trump ordered wh counsel to stop sessions' #trumprussia recusal. he thinks the ag's job is to protect the president…  it should come as no surprise that he believes that he has the power to undo with the stroke of a pen a right that… 
if there is one thing  has made clear throughout his time in office, it is his complete disregard for the u.s. constitution.
today: join me and the  explorers program to learn about the nomination and appointment process for… 
 : irresponsible . this is a lie. stop quoting president without including fact check.  countries guarantee bi…
 : another reminder to ask your pomona finance questions for our first ever facebook live q&amp;a tomorrow at :pm! leave you…
devastated by the horrific shooting at the tree of life synagogue. my heart is with the families of the victims, la… 
hrs  mins -  innings -  pitches 💪🏼  ,  . what a game!   congrats 🎉 🍻 
today is national prescription drug #takebackday! have unused prescription drugs around your house? keep them out o… 
welcome home, boys! let’s get that win tonight ! #worldseries #ladetermined 
i commend our law enforcement officers, federal agencies, and first responders for their swift response and investi… 
thankful for the  civilian postal workers who helped tracked down the suspect behind the package bombs. they a… 
republicans have voted against lowering the costs of prescription drugs while the #goptaxscam hands billions of dol… 
 : health is not a consumer good, but a universal right: let us unite our efforts so that health services are available to all.…
had a fantastic start to this year’s #redribbonweek with fontana students at the annual red ribbon breakfast. it’s… 
after nearly  unsuccessful republican repeal attempts,  &amp; his administration have turned to chipp… 
gracias al trabajo bipartidista en el congreso de los estados unidos,  ahora cuenta con los recursos para c… 
violence has no place in our democracy. regardless of our political beliefs, we must stand together to condemn thes… 
within three weeks of contacting my office for help with her social security benefits, we were able to help pamela… 
congrats 🎉🎈 
let’s try this again, go ! #ladetermined #game 
good luck tonight, !! #ladetermined 
. continues to grow! happy to share that beginning tomorrow, you can buy tickets for direct flights from ont… 
 : “in sierra leone, it was inspiring to see firsthand how the young leaders in the girl power program were empowered to be force…
today, communities across our state practiced earthquake drills to mark the th annual great california #shakeout.… 
i am honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality. no one should be… 
republicans just can’t stop their shameful assault on protections for americans living with pre-existing conditions… 
today, i’m meeting with local seniors to talk retirement security. i’ll have to explain to them that after decades… 
 : walkouts. low pay. second and third jobs. this is why america’s public school teachers are a profession in crisis. https://t.…
 i told you so! but you voted to create a wall of debt anyway. now you want to cut medicare &amp; social secu… 
i am proud to receive a % score in the  congressional voting record for the th congress. now,… 
., thank you for having me! cultural and religious diversity is an important part of america, and i… 
this is what the #goptaxscam really means for most americans—cuts to their medicare and social security. 
this doesn’t even make any sense. the whole point of our foreign assistance to honduras is to address the root caus… 
i’m proud to be part of the ahmadiyya muslim caucus and our work to preserve religious freedom for all. today, i’m… 
the separation of families is an affront to this nation’s most deeply held values. isn’t that why … 
open enrollment for  kicks off today! you have until january th to sign up for, renew, or change your h… 
 : happy #nationalfarmersday🌱 did you know the  grants % of california's agriculture degrees?  https://t…
do you know a high school student who is interested in law enforcement or serving in the military? join me on tuesd… 
ever wonder what it's like to intern in a congressional office? now’s your chance to find out! my office is accepti… 
 : the city of ontario will have  locations collecting unused or expired drugs for safe disposal on saturday october . f…
this international #dayofthegirl, it’s never been more important to invest in educating and empowering girls around… 
this lack of concern for the safety and well-being of children is horrifying. how do you send a -year-old back to… 
 : ‘who would ever think that so much went on in the soul of a young girl?’ - anne frank. today is #internationaldayofthe…
the central america conference is an opportunity to get u.s.-central america policy back on track.  and… 
 : #voterale -- there is a robo call circulating that falsely claims there is an error in the sample ballot. the sample ba…
that moment when you realize you showed up to the graveyard shift with #birthdaycake for the wrong son 😪😅.  happy b… 
no one is exempt from hackers and impersonators, not even members of congress. if you’ve received an unsolicited me… 
 : photo of arizona crash shows importance of seat belts: ‘this simple device saves lives’  https:…
i believe dr. ford, and she should know that she is not alone. i stand with her and all the survivors of sexual ass… 
judge kavanaugh’s confirmation has tarnished the highest court in the land. from health care to women’s rights, the… 
partisanship, rancor, and dishonesty have no place on the supreme court. deeply troubled about what the lifetime ap… 
join me  #pumpkinpatch #gobroncos 
america should be projecting values of equality and acceptance on the world stage, not cruelly revoking the visas o… 
congratulations to the winners of this year’s . we must stand together to end sexual violence and its us… 
manufacturing is one of the fastest-growing fields and a powerful job creator. this national manufacturing day, be… 
 : #happeningnow: manufacturing day at #chaffeycollege  is underway!   …
while the senate debates kavanaugh, behind the scenes republicans are suing to remove protections for pre-existing… 
 : “this isn’t a political decision. if this were a political decision for me, i certainly would be deciding this the other w…
i’m ready. go ! #ladetermined 
good news for , , and ports across the nation: my legislation in the faa reauthorization t… 
legal ruling on #tps is a good step, but we should not rely on the courts. congress must take action now to protect… 
🙏🏼 
i introduced the bipartisan homeowners disaster preparation act to help homeowners prepare their homes and mitigate… 
this #hispanicheritagemonth, join me in celebrating a few of the remarkable contributions of latino leaders in the… 
a year ago this week, we witnessed one of the worst acts of humanity during the #lasvegas mass shooting, but… 
el uso indebido intencional del equipo donado por los estados unidos es inaceptable.   mi pronunciamiento después d… 
it was an honor to meet with the   western region hero, antonio colon of pomona. he courageously… 
today, i took to the house floor to speak against #goptaxscam .. it would make the kickbacks to millionaires and… 
i believe you and stand with you, dr. ford. #believesurviors
dr. christine blasey ford risked everything to bravely tell her story before the senate judiciary committee. there… 
 : please take a moment to watch this important psa that the  is launching to educate peo, especially parents, on the…
pleased that the faa authorization includes my provision to enhance transparency in international development &amp; ens… 
from the wildfires in ca to the response to hurricane florence,  &amp;  mobilize volunteer che… 
 : "today, as we recognize #worldcontraceptionday, we must remember that access to timely and quality maternal and reproduc…
 : filling out the fafsa form will be a breeze if you use this guide:  
great news for students in the inland empire    ! 
wishing a very happy national #hsis week to  and ! 
#yearaftermaria puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands continue to lack the essential necessities they need to fu… 
i call on the trump administration to deliver a strong response to this latest attack on democracy and the rule of… 
i am appalled by the decision of guatemala’s president, jimmy morales, to disobey the orders of the country’s highe… 
happy b-day  from a proud #bluestarmom 
many thanks to , , , and  for being a part of this important conversation.
 dispatchers are far more than clerical workers. they're incredibly skilled &amp; well-trained members of first resp… 
¡les deseo un feliz día de la independencia a todos nuestros amigos mexicanos!
 : great to host  the  commissioner  &amp; the honorable  for a discussion with …
congratulations to the chino valley fire district on this recognition, and for all of their work around the clock t… 
¡felices fiestas patrias a guatemala, costa rica, el salvador, honduras, y nicaragua!
 : treat to join  at los angeles police department. she's the only former # dispatcher in congress &amp; she bel…
 : more than  blood drives have been canceled through early next week due to #florence, resulting in over , uncollected b…
 : today is the last day of #suicidepreventionweek, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't continue the conversation. learn th…
 : in the present circumstances, no one can afford to assume that someone else will solve their problems. each one of us has a…
the president's lies won't whitewash history. thousands of american citizens lost their lives. each person was some… 
 : news: california’s uninsured rate falls to a new historic low as the national rate holds steady  http…
congrats to the us men’s national team for winning today’s friendly game against our neighbor  -  #usavmex… 
 : manufacturing cities like dayton have been falling behind more prosperous parts of the country for decades — due to sever…
🇺🇸 let’s win this! #usmnt today is a friendly game in preparation for the world cup #nashville 
i’m honored to share my flight with our ie first responders from riverside and san bernardino. they’re on their way… 
a continuación estaré hablando con  sobre  y la situación en guatemala. sintonicé aquí .
we also reflect on the sacrifice of our veterans who answered the call to serve after that september day  years a… 
today, the nation pauses to honor the lives that were lost on that tragic morning of september th, . we can… 
in ca, one person dies by suicide every two hours. this #worldsuicidepreventionday, please remember that you're not… 
 : every  seconds, someone takes her/his own life.  on world #suicideprevention day, get info from  on what you can do if…
wishing all who celebrate a very happy and blessed #roshhashanah. #shanahtova 
happy birthday to my home state of #california the state of #resistance &amp; defender of human rights, may you always… 
 : brett kavanaugh used materials stolen from democratic senators to advance president bush's judicial nominees. he was aske…
attention inland empire students: if you’re interested in learning more about foreign policy, your class could requ… 
#puertorico is still suffering nearly a year after #hurricanemaria. this new study estimates the death toll was dra… 
., you visited detention centers and met with these young children and their parents. is this rule your idea… 
we don’t often think that an object as simple as a flashlight can save a life. grateful for #sbcsd lieutenant jim c… 
 : asking someone about suicide does not plant the idea in their head. asking someone about suicide does not plant the ide…
 : conversamos con la congresista estadounidense de origen guatemalteco, norma torres, sobre las recientes decisiones y pr…
esta noche a las pm et/pm pt, estaré hablando con  sobre  y la situación en guatemala en  .
 : leahy statement on defending the rule of law in guatemala 
californian families can count on me to keep fighting to protect their access to the quality, affordable coverage they need. #protectourcare
#whatsatstake: should the judge in tx rule in favor of repealing the aca, this case could go to #scotus. that means… 
but you don’t have to take my word for it. listen to wendy from san bernardino share what the aca has meant for her… 
the aca finally barred insurance companies from denying coverage to people who had asthma, diabetes, cancer, or a m… 
this week, in a federal district court in texas, the gop is once again attempting to undo the lifesaving protection… 
 : we have discovered evidence that judge kavanaugh misled the senate during his  and  hearings. truthfulness under…
 : conspicuously missing: the united states of america. cc:  
the house is making progress with a new baby changing station, but where are the feminine products? 🤔 
if brett #kavanaugh is confirmed, it would jeopardize the ability of american families to access basic health care… 
the lifetime appointment of a #scotus justice requires serious consideration &amp; scrutiny. my colleagues in the senat… 
the guatemalan government has blocked the head of the u.s.-funded anti-corruption commission  from returnin… 
yes! longevity pay &amp; adequate training. invest in your employees &amp; they will stay 
 : believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #justdoit 
america once led with moral authority against corruption. trump has abandoned that moral authority and is telling t… 
mi mensaje al pueblo guatemalteco: no debemos permitir que el progreso retroceda. 
step : blow a $ trillion hole in the deficit to give tax cuts to the very wealthy.  step : start a trade war req… 
in pomona, my office held our first ever trilingual social security workshop. we helped seniors understand their be… 
heartwarming to see  there for little gregg's big first day. officer casillas and his family remain in all… 
in ontario, i met with seniors who are in the process of becoming u.s. citizens. it’s never been a more important t… 
last week, i visited the inland valley care and rehabilitation center, where seniors in the th district are recei… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the mccain family tonight. he was a war hero and a role model for service to this… 
a pack of coyotes thought they scored breakfast when they saw me walking scout this morning but little did they kno… 
🙏🏼 for everyone affected by this terrible hurricane 
after more than  years as a  dispatcher, i know that public safety telecommunicators are the unsung heroes of… 
my heartfelt prayers are with  and his family. we are so grateful for his dedication and service to o… 
trump's  is going after states that have benefited from salt deductions. that means many californian fam… 
when i talked to teachers and school administrators in my district about gun violence and school safety, they asked… 
 : rm : it’s truly shameful that the trump administration is allowing white nationalist conspiracy theories m…
 : this has been a difficult opening  of our new school year but please know the chaffey family cares deeply about every student.…
what a heartbreaking way to start off the school year. please know that you are not alone. call --- or t… 
 : interested in the law enforcement field? 🚓 join the ontario police explorer program on thursday, september ,  outsi…
 : two months ahead of schedule. via  
 : breaking: us justice dept.: us rep. duncan hunter and his wife indicted by federal grand jury for allegedly converting more than…
if this is a witch hunt, i’m ready to believe in witchcraft now. so, so many witches.
“and al capone was only ever found guilty of tax charges” 
let us not be numb to the fact that ’s lawyer just confessed he had him commit federal crimes the s… 
"best people" 
join me at  pm pt/ pm et for a small business growth workshop. we’ll hear from a variety of experts on where to f… 
 : ¿cómo funciona la iniciativa de un grupo de congresistas en ee.uu. para fortalecer la lucha contra la corrupción en el salvado…
we're monitoring the situation closely. please stay away from the affected areas and follow the direction of first… 
the #dirtypowerscam is the trump administration’s latest threat against the health &amp; security of our children &amp; cli… 
 : nur, a -year-old somali girl, died after undergoing female genital mutilation (fgm).  we must act now, so that nur's case i…
¿qué significa mi enmienda que requiere una lista de funcionarios corruptos para el triángulo norte? no se pierda m… 
happy august birthdays to our ontario seniors! wishing you a joyous birthday month and many more years of celebrati… 
as #backtoschool season gets underway, one thing is clear—no student should have to fear attending school because o… 
 : rosenworcel: let's give  professionals the classification they deserve 
 : interested in joining the ontario police department explorer program?  there will be an orientation and demonstration sessio…
i’m saddened by the passing of the #queenofsoul 🎶 aretha franklin 
 : get involved in neighborhood watch program today! for more information about the neighborhood watch program or to schedu…
 : longtime teacher's aide brittany clark, , of fontana was arrested for possession and distribution of child pornography. https:…
 : watch: we just finished our tour of the #victorville and #adelanto detention facilities. now, i'm joining with my cali…
tune in at : pm pt/: pm et to hear about our experience here: .
people seeking asylum don't belong in prisons. joining w/   … 
great meeting with  chief billy green. we talked about improving communication and coordination between t… 
🤢 god help the victims &amp; hell welcome their predators 
for  years, social security has provided older americans with stability and security. we must protect it. #socsec
 : did -year-old hack election website? officials are rankled  
orgullosa de anunciar que la provisión bicameral que presenté con  para responsabilizar a los funcion… 
 : "it's these unusual events, these stressful events... that's when your training kicks in &amp; that's when the good controllers rise…
 : in , a new #influenza virus emerged causing a #pandemic that killed an estimated , americans &amp; at least  mill…
 : what's driving the number of asylum-seekers fleeing central america? "the number of people being threatened or killed and for…
 : thank you to our friends  for visiting our valley communication dispatch center, but more so for sharing our story. we a…
yesterday, i met with women who are on the frontlines of healthcare and creating economic opportunities for their l… 
it’s wildfire season and that means poor air quality. please follow these smoke &amp; ash health and safety tips on how… 
inspiring meeting with the freetown mayor to learn about local emergency response and preparedness efforts in sierr… 
the u.s. is one of sierra leone’s leading partners in health &amp; development. seeing our investments firsthand this w… 
it’s the th anniversary of national night out. join  today from :-: pm in the city civic cente… 
•it’s the th anniversary of national night out. join  tomorrow from - pm in the civic center plaza for… 
 : thank you representative  for welcoming uc student organizing summit to pomona and recognizing the work of uc stude…
 : how crisis text line helps schools strengthen their mental health services: 
the stupidity never ends!  where’s the traffic study? 
#dreamers, you can still apply to renew your daca right now! if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal… 
 : 👮🏾‍♀️👷🏼‍♀️👩🏿‍⚕️👩🏽‍🌾👩🏻‍🍳👩🏼‍🎓👩🏽‍🏫👩🏻‍🏭👩🏿‍💻👩🏾‍💼👩🏻‍🎨👩🏻‍🚒👩🏾‍✈️👩🏽‍🚀👩🏻‍⚖️🕵🏽‍♀️👩🏼‍🔬👩🏽‍💼👩🏾‍🏭👩🏿‍🎓👩🏻‍🌾🧕🏼👮🏻‍♀️ 👩🏼‍🏫 when women are empower…
it’s hot outside, i’m staying in the office celebrating #nationalicecreamsandwichday #neapolitan # 
today i joined , , , &amp;  in calling for magnitsky act sanctions t… 
.'s rollback of fuel efficiency standards threatens the health of the american people and our envir… 
national night out brings together neighbors &amp; local police to foster trust &amp; cooperation. this year, i joined w/… 
 : you're invited to our free community event! check out this video about what's to come for next week's #nationalnightou…
 : "they were destroying trees because they didn't live here. it wasn't their home." 
 : ontario’s #nationalnightout is next tuesday, august . join your neighbors and the rest of the nation during america’s n…
 👏🏼 now ee need this type of courage &amp; compassion to stop the separation, drugging &amp; incarceration of to… 
 : ***ale***   lines are down in the high dese for an unknown amount of time. if you have an emergency, please dia…
 : happening now: the senate judiciary committee is holding a hearing on family separations. you can watch my opening remark…
 : people and chefs near redding’s  needs you! please if you can volunteer   #sidexside #ch…
 : fontana police department is hosting a family friendly event in celebration of national night out at fontana park at  s…
 : the trump administration is considering a new tax cut for the rich that would not require congressional approval https:…
for  years, medicare and medicaid have provided our seniors and hard-working families access to lifesaving health…   is a collection of  organizations fighting to protect human and civil rights. they've tallied al… 
donny klein was a model for his students as a coach at both manasquan high school and . his passing is a great… 
 : back stage in trenton with  for our event discussing how far we've come with the #aca. i’m proud that thanks…
 : mr president, your new eo ending citizenship for children born in the us is patently unconstitutional. i am sending you…
 : -lower prescription drug costs -raise wages by rebuilding america -fight corruption in washington   that’s the heart of our…
  thank you so much
my statement following the shooting of two african american's outside of louisville, ky last week and saturday's ma… 
powerful words. 
we’ve lost a powerful voice for black women. yesterday, i was with young black girls, many from the same community… 
 : today we had the opportunity to engage with some incredible young women from all over new jersey on the topic of the system…
i am once again sickened and saddened. my thoughts and prayers are with this community right now as they are added… 
 : here’s the reality: republicans are suing to get rid of pre-existing condition protections. if they win,  repo…
republicans claim they will protect those with preexisting conditions. while they sue to eliminate those very prote… 
...trump admits he makes up lies about those fleeing their homes. we can’t hope to solve the problems surrounding i… 
the united states has since its inception welcomed people fleeing poverty, violence, and persecution. those who com… 
...perhaps this cavalier attitude has contributed to the dramatic drop in the world confidence in us global leaders… 
...strategic allies like egypt, saudi arabia &amp; turkey haven't had ambassadors for much of last two years. the failu… 
diplomats have been the backbone of foreign relations since benjamin franklin represented our interests in france,… 
 : statement from ranking member  on today's attempted terror attacks: 
i applaud la county for doing the right thing and reversing the trend of profiting off the criminal justice system.… 
the discussion of opioid addiction must be a part of a larger conversation about how we address drug addiction. we… 
as law enforcement continues to intercept explosive devices addressed to various current and former officials, i’m… 
...now the  has erased sections from their own report on the struggles of women around the world. make no… 
the  administration has attacked women’s reproductive rights not only in the us but abroad as well.… 
...too often we equate what's good for top executives and wall street with what's good for business. our priority s… 
...the mantra of trickle-down economics was adopted, and the success of big business was paramount — avoiding askin… 
...we began to prioritize corporate profits through changes to the tax code. we ceased to regulate financial instit… 
for most americans, economic progress shuddered to a stop in the s as so-called “growth” policies began to help… 
 : going to work everyday should not be a health risk for pregnant women. 
i'm saddened to learn about the passing of scotch plains councilwoman rose checchio. my thoughts and prayers are wi… 
one more on the long list of ways 's administration is chipping away at the progress we've made to… 
betsy devos and her mismanaged dept. of education have ignored their responsibility to process applications, and … 
heard of the public service loan forgiveness program? created to encourage students to consider desperately needed… 
... instead they gave % of the cut to the top %. their taxscam will actually increase taxes for half of american… 
this is an outright lie. the republicans put the house in recess weeks ago &amp; won't be back before the election. if… 
millions of americans live with pre-existing conditions including something as common as arthritis, depression, obe… 
protecting pre-existing conditions protects families like yael's. her story is not unique: it is an example of a fe… 
republicans in congress have said cutting the aca (including it's protections for preexisting conditions) is a top… 
they tried it last year and they're going to try it again. even though the #aca protects millions of americans, inc… 
 : .⁦⁩ &amp; ⁦⁩ at trentoncity hall urging residents to be counted in the  census. 
     and ceos told trump and republicans th… 
     the biggest share of the tax savings w… 
this is the right decision. the next one is to call for a thorough investigation guided by facts. 
.  mcconnell and  told us the tax cuts for the rich would increase wages f… 
instead we have a republican party that is too afraid of upsetting trump to do what they know is right. 
investigations should be guided by the facts and truth, not ramming through the convenient conclusions the trump ad… 
this is exactly why house democrats have been calling for greater scrutiny into the emoluments clause; where a pres… 
 : the congressional republican tax bill will end up giving % of the benefits to the top % and big corporations.  now t…
 : president  doesn't have time for these  excuses not to vote. 
the killing of journalist jamal khashoggi at the saudi consulate is deeply concerning. i along with  other repres… 
but what can you expect when the head of the epa is a coal lobbyist and the agency takes its marching orders from o… 
this is just one example in a pattern of disregard for the environment and our health.  a recent study by harvard r… 
nj tourism is worth over $b and supports half-a-million jobs. our shoreline's health is integral to our economy.… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
 i did. the report covers  and . this is about accountability of the cbp. the dhs report says "c… 
when gop was pushing a nd tax cut last month, i (and many others who know their tricks) said this was just a step… 
the american public deserves the confidence that all of our dhs personnel are professional and effective; these rep… 
the trump administration and his allies in the gop led congress talk about building a wall to keep americans safe a… 
georgia, north dakota, indiana, nevada, texas, florida; wherever republicans are at risk of losing power their answ… 
make sure you get your voter reg to the post office by closing today or visit your local board of elections. mercer… 
i had the pleasure of touring the new muslim center of greater princeton on wednesday. the new building is a space… 
reminder: tomorrow is the last day for new jersey residents to register to vote in the midterms. get your voter reg… 
it’s unacceptable that residents have yet to see fema on the ground, and incomprehensible that volunteers are the o… 
maybe with the $ mil taken from fema to fund separating kids from their families, they could be doing more to get… 
the deadline to register to vote is this tuesday! click here to find your local county board of elections and get r… 
in honor of the th anniversary of matthew shepard’s death, we stand firmly against all types of hate and violence… 
republicans are violating their sworn oath to protect american lives by ignoring the real dangers of climate change 
there is one major political party in the world that doesn't believe in climate change: the republican party. as lo… 
some of these changes are unavoidable but we can mitigate the worst effects if we take the problem seriously and ma… 
if we continue on our current track, global grain yields could be cut in half (just as our growing population needs… 
senior military officials have warned that global warming poses our greatest threat to national security.  the disr… 
the icpp representative from the low-lying marshall islands, called the world's failure to address global warming a… 
"hundreds of millions of lives are at stake should the world warm by more than .° which it will do as soon as … 
a recent report by the intergovernmental panel on climate change paints a bleak picture of the coming climate catas… 
today on international day of the girl,  is honoring the remarkable  national gold award girl scouts… 
we're very lucky to have the capital health mobile stroke unit serving our community. it is  of only  of it's kin… 
as a result of president ’s policies and programs, #wehavelostalot. in order to get back what we’ve… 
my thoughts and prayers are with those in the path of hurricane michael. share this link with family and friends in… 
 : .'s visit to pa is reminder of the results of the #gopagenda: —health costs are rising —prescription dr…
 : what a wonderful opportunity!  if transportation an issue for any student who would otherwise like to attend, the bayard…
we have  years to change course on our emissions before global warming becomes a humanitarian disaster: drought,… 
on october , the congressional caucus on black women &amp; girls is presenting the in her power conference at mercer… 
we’ve seen an alarming increase in hate speech and anti-semitism over the last few years. there is no room for this… 
 : amidst it all:  let us not  curl up,  shut up, or   give up  let us continue  to stand up  to speak up  to rise up  to neve…
it’s worth remembering at this time that the republican party has rejected attempts to reauthorize the once biparti… 
while attention was focused on the shameful behavior of trump and his scotus nominee, house republicans doubled dow… 
 :         …
 : something very important is happening. since dr. christine blasey ford so bravely came forward to tell her story of assa…
attention: the deadline to apply for service academy nominations has been extended to november nd. for more inform… 
 : “i thought it was going to be an investigation,” a yale classmate of brett kavanaugh and deborah ramirez said, of the f.b.i.…
we have lost a lot  via 
. mitch mcconnell and his republican friends' flagrant and shameless hypocrisy damages the institution… 
 mitch mcconnell and his republican friends' flagrant and shameless hypocrisy damages the institution… 
looking forward to a conversation with  and  about this very important topic. i hope you'll join us… 
take note: while the world isn’t looking, the migrant child crisis - continually perpetuated by this president with… 
 : 🚨breaking: u.s. district judge rules that ,  &amp; nearly  members of congress have standing…
 : as an antidote to cynicism, i joined  youth in dc to learn about the civil rights movement from its founder…
i hope more of the gop show this level of respect -- and no one should vote to confirm #kavanaugh until an investigation has been completed.
thank you senator  for standing up for fairness and justice. he’s right, we should have the fbi investiga… 
my deepest condolences to the family of navy airman joseph min naglack. in the words of his sister: "he wanted to s… 
since trump signed the st gop tax law, wages aren’t keeping up with inflation, health care costs are rising, and c… 
 : the ⁦⁩, out of “respect for the rule of law and due process under law” calls on ⁦⁩ to #postponethevote un…
 : i applaud dr. ford for bravely sharing the details of her sexual assault before  today. her earnest testi…
when workers come together and amplify their voices amazing things can happen. congratulations on a job well done.… 
in  the senate judiciary committee held  days of testimony from  witnesses and an fbi investigation was cond… 
i stand with you dr. blasey ford. it is troubling to see how much we’ve regressed in the  years since anita hill’… 
republicans’ “tax .” is a continuation of their #taxscam. it increases our national debt by $ trillion, and will… 
 : truly sick #itsapayoff #taxscam 
 : with  women who've courageously come forward to share their stories, it's past time the senate gop bring #judgekavanau…
i'm sharing my story to empower others to take charge of their health, and to remind my colleagues that access to h… 
your income, social status, occupation or lack of an occupation shouldn't determine your access to healthcare. that… 
those who knew kavanaugh best agree: investigate him.  
 : only % of sexual harassment in the workplace is formally reported.  one big reason why: a fear of retaliation. https://t.c…
 : proud to join  in the fight against poverty by cosponsoring the #eitc modernization act. while republicans are p…
the #eitcmodernizationact would make them eligible for the eitc, and help ensure their dreams of a better job aren’… 
more than half of pell grant recipients were independent students in -, and almost a third of them had depend… 
you probably know a caregiver or might be one yourself. caregivers are % more likely to face financial instabilit… 
don’t take your basic rights for granted. make sure you register to #vote today, and cast your vote this november.… 
 i am in support of the disability integration act and have signed on as a co-sponsor. thank you for your advocacy.
 : seattle throws out  years of marijuana convictions  
rod rosenstein, in the interest of the independence of the justice department you should not resign. if trump wants… 
 : stronger storms, rising sea levels, record breaking heat -- the evidence of #climatechange is overwhelming. but presiden…
 : the #whyididntreport tweets are powerful, but please understand that those are only coming from people comfortable about t…
 : blood donation event in princeton in florence aftermath 
 :  in my instance, my brain had convinced me that it was my fault. there was no crime committed since i went the…
 :  actually the question is not why didn't a  year old hight school student call the fbi  years ago b…
why don’t women come forward? one wonders. 
all this, to be told that her account won’t be investigated and that she will need to face her abuser and be grille… 
in dr. ford’s case, she has received death threats, been told she is destroying her abuser’s future, had to flee he… 
in a system in which only  in  rape perpetrators see jail time, victims are put through the ringer; called “hy… 
victims of sexual assault often don’t come forward out of fear of retribution and harassment. and a fear that even… 
 : hello, female high school student here. i would just like to say that the emergence of this whole "teenage boys should g…
 : dr. blasey ford says she wants the facts established through an impartial investigation by law enforcement.  kavanaugh’s a…
 : the fbi investigated anita hill’s allegations in  and delivered a report to the judiciary committee; you were a member…
 : no fbi investigation, no outside witnesses, publicly stating dr. ford is “mixed up", &amp; demanding she come before the sena…
thank you  and  for focusing on this very important issue. looking forward to addressi… 
 hi brittany, please call my district office so we can help you with this.
 :  wants to end hiv/aids. and she’s got an actual plan. #prep  cc: 
applications for u.s. service academy nominations are still being accepted. apply by october th. - u.s. military a… 
scotus confirmation is the senate's solemn responsibility. dr. ford's account seriously calls into question mr. kav… 
 : nj congresswoman , on an outstanding panel of strong women at  , said that addressing #climatechange and the…
 : attention new jersey students. the congressional app challenge is back! if you're interested in participating, go to https:/…
  ,  and  ,  are all good places to start. thank you!
attention new jersey students. the congressional app challenge is back! if you're interested in participating, go t… 
i'm lifting everyone in the path of hurricane florence in my prayers. 
 : “we are applying a criminal justice solution to social problem” “we must restore humanity to the system”  spea…
thousands of americans died donald. in no small part because of your incompetence and indifference. the sooner you… 
 thousands of americans died donald. in no small part because of your incompetence and indifference… 
 : this is a flat-out lie, . the puerto rican government raised the official death toll to , people after m…
 : let's be clear: , americans died in puerto rico following hurricane maria due to a failed response by this administrati…
 : the president’s assertions fly in the face of the what we know happened to our fellow americans in puerto rico, and comp…
 . there is a storm coming now! can you focus for a few days?
 : i am working to make social security stronger for generations to come. it's an insurance program, not an entitlement. t…
  congratulations
take a look at this list of pre-existing conditions, and chances are you'll identify with one or more of them. if k… 
republicans’ “tax .” is a continuation of their #taxscam. it increases our national debt by at least another $… 
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
as a resident of nj who worked to help our state recover from superstorm sandy (and knows the importance of fema) i… 
gop leadership are trying to squeeze every dime they can out of the middle class before american’s show them the do… 
step , cut the programs americans turn to when they’re down, they’ve lost a job, or in the case of social security, have finally retired.
it’s simple really: step , cut taxes for the wealthy and corporations to create a budget deficit in the trillions.… 
the gop is at it again. let’s be clear, this latest round of tax cuts is just the next step in their long term plan… 
new jersey lost nearly  of its citizens on /. today we remember them and their families. #neverforget 
if you or someone you know needs help, reach out to national suicide prevention lifeline at ---. 
today is world suicide prevention day. suicide, which has seen a  percent increase over the past  years in nj,… 
l'shanah tovah to those in new jersey and beyond celebrating rosh hashanah! 
congratulations to  on their #  ranking! #nj 
 : women of color know how to get things done for their families, communities, and their country. let's make sure we use ou…
we should never forget that the ability of the incarcerated to share in humanity upon their release is directly lin… 
i stand with these prisoners exercising their first amendment right to petition their government for a redress of g… 
proud to join you . 
 : "if judge kavanaugh is confirmed, we are concerned about his likely rulings on several matters that disproportionately…
yesterday, i asked why we give away our constituents' private land to companies building gas pipelines -- esp. when… 
 : .: "the cbc believes that, if confirmed, judge kavanaugh’s views on voting rights, policing, and executive pow…
 : this is called political courage.  senator cory booker says he will release the confidential emails hidden by the republ…
 happy birthday rep davis
an email from brett kavanaugh from march  reveals he, in fact, does not believe roe v. wade is settled law as h… 
it is not "hypothetical" when the president is publicly talking about doing it. it is cowardly for that president's… 
a so-called "great legal mind" that has “never analyzed” issues like self or quid-pro-quo pardons to stop testimony… 
i also thank my colleagues on the senate     and… 
i stand with my brother . those documents belong to the american people. the american people have the rig… 
 : "oh my god."  reacts to  on the sudden and shocking #anonymousoped by a white house senior offici…
 : looking forward to speaking with  (d-nj) tonight on my  show about everything from why we must de…
i will be on the  show this evening at :. i hope you'll tune in. 
hit-new-jersey-hardest . corporate-handouts . ripping-off-working-families . handout-to-the-rich . putting-… 
 : i don’t care if brett kavanaugh is a good carpool driver. i care about #whatsatstake if he's confirmed to the supreme co…
"rushed decisions in a judicial context sometimes aren't always the best" - brett kavanaugh during his rushed supre… 
the scotus nominee may not tell us, but the president created a litmus when making his choices and he was clear. hi… 
 : protestor says she'll die without care for her pre-existing condition. hatch pauses until "this loudmouth [is] removed."
 :   same for me!  #imwithkap. ck is my role model and hero for many reasons. peace ✌️. justice. fr…
recent decisions by the supreme court (janus v. afscme) threaten the very existence of labor unions and their right… 
weekends, overtime pay, the minimum wage, an end to child labor, basic safety regulations. these things weren't jus… 
we can’t un-elect  but we can change congress to hold him accountable and stop the implementation of his worst policies
since  we have been reminded that elections have consequences, in november we have an opportunity to remind rep… 
there is no doubt that the war on drugs not only failed to solve the problem of drug abuse, it exacerbated it by cr… 
 : president trump and the gop passed a deeply irresponsible tax plan that put the interests of the wealthiest americans, mu…
so even if trump broke the law to win the presidency he still gets to make a lifetime appointment to the court that… 
the  and trump gave away pay raises for hardworking federal employees to multi-millionaires because they were a… 
this administration uses endless racism and exhausting levels of depravity to try to blind us to what they’re reall… 
 : schools need books not guns! over  house dems called on  to adhere to federal law and prohibit the use of…  : i was pleased to help honor the late state rep. david p. richardson jr. today by taking part with numerous community le…
i was pleased to help honor the late state rep. david p. richardson jr. today by taking part with numerous communit… 
 : thank you  for meeting with your music constituents from  on #districtadvocate day.  and…
 : it's all about the music! we had a great meeting and a jam session with . thank you for supporting music…
 : only  week until the november  general election. do you know: ✅ am i registered?  🔍 where do i vo…
 :  pm *today* is the deadline! 
 : more federal money to help philly - congrats to    and their “find your…
 : small businesses are crucial for revitalizing &amp; maintaining our middle neighborhoods. that’s why i was proud to work to…
 : i’m proud to co-sponsor h. res.  designating october as national women’s small business month &amp; noting the th ann…
i’m proud to co-sponsor h. res.  designating october as national women’s small business month &amp; noting the th… 
small businesses are crucial for revitalizing &amp; maintaining our middle neighborhoods. that’s why i was proud to wor… 
 : are you a grandparent caring for an infant or child under ? your grandchild may be eligible to participate in wic, a spe…
more federal money to help philly - congrats to    and their “find y… 
 : honoring rep david p. richardson jr. at the renaming ceremony of pastorius-richardson elementary school! …
 pm *today* is the deadline! 
more photos from the national service opportunity fair are at  
thank you to all the students, parents, organizations &amp; everyone who made my nd annual national service opportunit… 
 : our thanks to  for taking time out of his busy schedule to visit with the chc community today and share hi…
 :  is accepting applications for free home repair in the rd legislative district now! call --…
 : some positive news here in philadelphia for your monday – progress plaza is celebrating  years: …
 : while i was in #pacapitol rotunda last friday morning, i stumbled upon a cool bipartisan house archives display of books…
jobs, jobs! 
 : glad to welcome  to speak at chestnut hill college this morning #vote 
some positive news here in philadelphia for your monday – progress plaza is celebrating  years: 
congrats #parkway 
 : #powerup your business! join #ulp,tuesday, oct.  (p.m.- p.m.) at the "fundamentals of starting a business" workshop locat…
 : president  doesn't have time for these  excuses not to vote. 
 : . honored to speak at tonight's interfaith service  shalom   …
 : tonight  shared "none of us are safe unless all of us are safe". this could not be more true. thank you t…
 : and thank you thank you  for your words and your presence with us at rodeph shalom right now. you’re ri…
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
 :   you can visit  to check the requirements, learn about the process, get a…
 : following the horrific shooting in pittsburgh, a verified gofundme has been created to support the survivors &amp; victims' famil…
 : 
 : we grieve for the americans murdered in pittsburgh. all of us have to fight the rise of anti-semitism and hateful rhetoric…
 : philly stands with pittsburgh and all those affected by the horrific shooting at the tree of life synagogue. this is not n…
 : . has ordered all commonwealth flags lowered to half-staff for victims of the shooting at the tree of…
 : i am on the scene at the tree of life synagogue shooting in pittsburgh.   i have spoken with local leaders and my admi…
 : both the pittsburgh shooting &amp; this week's kentucky shooting should be federally investigated as hate crimes. all leade…
both the pittsburgh shooting &amp; this week's kentucky shooting should be federally investigated as hate crimes. all l… 
 : the victims of today's pittsburgh shooting, and victims of gun violence in philadelphia and across the usa, are in my t…
 : sss leg liaison jacob daniels with  at  for the congressman's national service opportunity fair. hig…
 :  is honored to be hosting ' national service opportunity fair today in mcgonigle hall https://…
the victims of today's pittsburgh shooting, and victims of gun violence in philadelphia and across the usa, are in… 
 : calling all middle school, high school and college freshman students: if you’ve been interested in a national service c…
 : the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
 : i stand by my comments from thursday about the attempted bombings: 
i stand by my comments from thursday about the attempted bombings: 
 : new repo 🚨 republicans want to cut programs that millions of working americans depend on -- and for what? to cover $ trilli…
 : the republicans are asking average americans to tighten their belts so congress can give more mega tax giveaways to the rich.…
calling all middle school, high school and college freshman students: if you’ve been interested in a national servi… 
hb  hope u have many more! 
jobs,jobs &amp; jobs👍🏽 food is medicine👍🏽 
 : join me tomorrow at  for my nd annual national services opportunity fair -- an event designed for middle, h…
 : happy to join     &amp; all involved  to discuss the team work it took to c…
 : what better day to celebrate the completion of the i- overhead bridge replacements than the th anniversary of the p…
 : do you know young people who are interested in national service careers, but don’t know where to start? if so, click on…
do you know young people who are interested in national service careers, but don’t know where to start? if so, clic… 
 : important deadlines are coming up: ‼️ oct  - absentee ballot application deadline ✅ nov  – completed absentee ballot #v…
happy to join     &amp; all involved  to discuss the team work it took… 
 : we are grateful for ’ ongoing support of our mission, and we’re honored that he could join us for this r…
join me tomorrow at  for my nd annual national services opportunity fair -- an event designed for middl… 
congrats williard fair👏🏾 
 : i've been proud to play a key role in the planning for together for west philadelphia with lankenau medical center and…
 : thank you to numa at  office in #philadelphia for meeting with acha's trawana porter and trisha d’costa! we…
i've been proud to play a key role in the planning for together for west philadelphia with lankenau medical center… 
 : remember when trump asked african americans “what do you have to lose?" 
 : thousands of pa'ians are using our pa business one-stop shop website and hotline to start and grow their businesses in…
 : -dems passed obamacare, which includes protections for preexisting conditions -nearly all rs voted to repeal obamacare (no…
 : cbo on what house gop health bill's waivers would allow: "less-healthy people would face extremely high premiums" on hea…
remember when trump asked african americans “what do you have to lose?" 
 : thank you  and  for cosponsoring the #reachact and joining our fight to #savemomsandkid…
 happening at  this saturday! 
 of : 
 of : 
 : this event is saturday: have you rsvped yet? it'll be a great opportunity for middle and high school students, college…
 : today we celebrated the completion of  home repair projects in phl. on the front steps of sharswood resident sylvia's…
 : in ,  clarified that under the existing state #mammogram law ( p.s. § c), d mammograms must…
 : #electionday is  days away. our simply stated blog highlights  things pa voters should know:  #v…
this event is saturday: have you rsvped yet? it'll be a great opportunity for middle and high school students, coll… 
 : my fellow music industry colleagues and i had a great meeting with  today! he got bars! #districtadvocate …
 : how healthy are the young people in your state? check it out in the new  #stateofobesity report: …
jobs!!!! 
philadelphia homebuyers:  if you’ve been a victim of ‘redlining,’  josh shapiro wants to hear from yo… 
 : proud to support renewing the land &amp; water conservation fund. #savelwcf 
 : medicare open enrollment has begun &amp; runs through dec. . here are some answers to key questions you may have: https://…
medicare open enrollment has begun &amp; runs through dec. . here are some answers to key questions you may have: 
proud to support renewing the land &amp; water conservation fund. #savelwcf 
 : today! it's a nonprofit job fair at parkway central  on wednesday, october , :-: p.m. details here…
 : 📢 hey pa! the deadline to request an absentee ballot for the november  election is one week away. ⏰ don’t wait! reque…
 : “build brother build” rev sullivan 
 : if we vote, we win. that’s why they try to stop us. vote! our lives depend on it. #naacp 
“build brother build” rev sullivan 
 : ruth e. carter, the creator of the stunning costumes of "black panther" and numerous other hollywood films, will receive th…
 : we’re not seeing big gains from the #goptaxscam in philly. but we’re worried about gop talk of cuts to social security,…
 : president trump says he’s working on a “very major tax cut for middle-income people.” but last year, speaker ryan said t…
we’re not seeing big gains from the #goptaxscam in philly. but we’re worried about gop talk of cuts to social secur… 
 : this story by  for  shows need for my hr  – if a tax credit is good enough for the trump hotel,…
 : more info about my rehabilitation of historic schools act, introduced with  – senate version introduced by…
trump threats to cut off aid to central america will only worsen conditions there &amp; drive more people to flee to ou… 
 : #mondaymotivation - “energy rightly applied and directed will accomplish anything.” – nellie bly find your polling place b…
more info about my rehabilitation of historic schools act, introduced with  – senate version introduced… 
this story by  for  shows need for my hr  – if a tax credit is good enough for the trump hot… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
 : trump administration is trying to pretend #transgender people don’t exist. i stand against discrimination.  to transgen…
trump administration is trying to pretend #transgender people don’t exist. i stand against discrimination.  to tran… 
 : discussing turning pediatric health policy into action,  says "what  does is needed now more…
 : “we have to think about how our policies are affecting our children and reducing health disparities in our communities .…
 : exciting to see progress plaza, and its anchor , still going strong! #healthyfoodaccess #progressplaza #…
 : it's an honor to welcome the philadelphia holocaust memorial plaza to the parkway in its th year. may we never forge…
 : artinitiates change👍🏽 
 : #protect our democracy vote! 
#protect our democracy vote! 
 : "libraries have been the entity that protect our democray"-  at the dedication of the legacy mural at the luci…
artinitiates change👍🏽 
 : u.s. congressman  after meeting the #khalifaofislam at inauguration of baitul aafiyat in #philadelphia:…
 : wonderful opportunity to speak with my former, middle school, substitute teacher,  at the  str…
fact: despite a strong economy created under former president obama, the gop tax scam is creating huge deficits the… 
 : save our middle neighborhoods, save our cities👍🏽now!!! 
save our middle neighborhoods, save our cities👍🏽now!!! 
***correction: meaning one adult with two children has an income less than $,.
 : % of black americans in philly live below the poverty line, meaning one adult with two children has an income less th…
 : we were so glad to have  visit the garden yesterday along with so many of our community partners &amp; stake…
% of black americans in philly live below the poverty line, meaning one adult with two children has an income les… 
 : 
 : happy -year anniversary to this tweet. (obamacare has not been repealed.) 
 : pla is excited to partner with , , and  with the support of , …
 : my ⁦⁩ #litc colleague anthony marqusee, flanked by state sen. ⁦⁩ to left &amp; congressman ⁦…
 : . thinks massive new tax cuts for billionaires should be paid for with your social security and medicare.    th…

 : as someone who plays a lot of volleyball , i must say this trail/boardwalk is a beautiful addition to the…
 : today’s #thursdaytrivia tests your knowledge of the absentee ballot process. do you know who can request an absentee ballo…
 : this is a #realcollege issue which makes it especially hard to work your way through college. raising the wage will bo…
 : i couldn’t be more proud to stand for lgbtq+ equality and receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard! https://t.co…
i couldn’t be more proud to stand for lgbtq+ equality and receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard! 
 : the federal minimum wage, $. per hour, is pathetically low. full stop. no person can survive on an income of less th…
the federal minimum wage, $. per hour, is pathetically low. full stop. no person can survive on an income of les… 
 : the last presidential election turned on fewer than , votes in three states. more people go to coachella. there’s no…
 : photos from the water works island dedication held tuesday, october ,  are now on our flickr:  …
 : in a recent poll, % of pennsylvanians support #medicareforall because they, too, understand no individual should be c…
in a recent poll, % of pennsylvanians support #medicareforall because they, too, understand no individual should… 
happy birthday mayor street👍🏿 
 : november th is a chance for all americans to make their voices heard and participate in an important political process…
november th is a chance for all americans to make their voices heard and participate in an important political pro… 
 : nice day for turtle-watching with   &amp; west philly orchestra 🐢🎺🌳 
 : my thanks to the creative minds  for turning a naturally forming island into a peaceful oasis for resid…
 : hugs for  at #tuesdayswithtoomey  
 :   
 : excited to present tonight about hunger and advocacy for  with  . advocacy is key to address…
 b#
rip🙏🏾 
 : more jobs!! 
more jobs!! 
 : i need all of you to tell your family &amp; friends about the importance of voting and why we can’t sleep on the midterms.…
i’m proud to announce that the city of philadelphia received a whopping $. million for community revitalization p… 
i need all of you to tell your family &amp; friends about the importance of voting and why we can’t sleep on the midter… 
 : election day should be anational holiday👍🏽 
election day should be anational holiday👍🏽 
 : jobs,jobs&amp; more jobs pa thanks spark therapeutic ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ “ west is best” …
jobs,jobs&amp; more jobs pa thanks spark therapeutic ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ “ west is best” 
 : young people are more concerned about their access to health care &amp; an affordable, quality college education than the p…
young people are more concerned about their access to health care &amp; an affordable, quality college education than t… 
 : “we get the leaders we vote for,” says michelle obama at the #whenweallvote voter registration rally in las vegas #tictocnews h…
 : anti-lynching legislation by black senators advances 
anti-lynching legislation by black senators advances 
 : great news—a bill authored by committee dem  has been signed into law. the small business innovation prote…
 : jobs, jobs👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽 
jobs, jobs👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽 
 : instead of talking about the hysteria we all witnessed yesterday in the white house, let’s focus our efforts into getti…
 : nearly % of older black americans have been homeless at one point in their life &amp; black americans are x more likely…
nearly % of older black americans have been homeless at one point in their life &amp; black americans are x more lik… 
instead of talking about the hysteria we all witnessed yesterday in the white house, let’s focus our efforts into g… 
 : this #comingoutday we celebrate strides our country has made on behalf of lgbtq+ community &amp; reaffirm our commitment to…
this #comingoutday we celebrate strides our country has made on behalf of lgbtq+ community &amp; reaffirm our commitmen… 
 : as a nation, we can enact the change we need in our neighborhoods if we #vote in  days this #midterms!   don't si…
as a nation, we can enact the change we need in our neighborhoods if we #vote in  days this #midterms!   don'… 
 : our country funnels more money into unnecessary wars than the so-called “war on poverty.”  the  million americans liv…
our country funnels more money into unnecessary wars than the so-called “war on poverty.”  the  million americans… 
 : pleased to see seniors will receive a .% cola for  on their hard-earned #socialsecurity benefits. i &amp; democratic…
vote, vote, &amp;!vote👍🏽 
pleased to see seniors will receive a .% cola for  on their hard-earned #socialsecurity benefits. i &amp; democra… 
 : no american should be struggling to pay the bills while living in one of the richest countries in the world. if republi…
no american should be struggling to pay the bills while living in one of the richest countries in the world. if rep… 
 : vote!!!! 
vote!!!! 
 : although bloomberg’s recent report about phl ranking third in income inequality is disheartening, it demonstrates the t…
although bloomberg’s recent report about phl ranking third in income inequality is disheartening, it demonstrates t… 
 : trump rides a wave of policy wins to erie rallies, but dems see a bleaker picture  via …
 : your #voterregistration may need an update if you: 📍 changed address 💒 changed marital status ⚖️ are on parole/probation 👋 chan…
 : great👍🏽 
great👍🏽 
 : don’t be that person on #electionday where you find out you aren’t registered to vote -- click on the link below and re…
don’t be that person on #electionday where you find out you aren’t registered to vote -- click on the link below an… 
vote,vote, &amp; vote👍🏽 
 : “charles walker bowser, esq” day 
“charles walker bowser, esq” day 

i want everyone to turn their anger and disappointment into action -- if we want to create change that lasts a life… 
if you believe in #medicareforall, #raisethewage, and #snap, then i urge all of you to check your voter registratio… 
today is the deadline to register to #vote in pennsylvania or update your registration due to a change of name or a…  congress must respond to threat of dangerous extremism: that’s why i introduced the domestic terrorism prevention a… 
visiting a drop off location for unused prescription medication at northwestern lake forest hospital. i encourage y… 
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families, but we must do more. we must unite as one nation t… 
i am heartbroken by the tragic loss of life at the pittsburgh synagogue shooting, inspired by the heroic actions of… 
solar and other renewable sources of energy are not just necessary to reduce emissions and address global climate c… 
i visited certasun in buffalo grove, a home solar company serving the chicagoland area and also toured a nearby hom… 
did you know a majority of abused prescription drugs were obtained from family and friends, often from the home med… 
i’m grateful for the professionalism of the secret service, capitol police, usps, and other members of law enforcem… 
these heinous acts of political violence targeting public servants, the media, and activists deserve to be condemne… 
great visit to startek in gurnee, which employs more than a dozen workers designing &amp; manufacturing led lighting. t… 
their upcoming schedule here: 
i visited the national kidney foundation of illinois mobile unit during their stop today in waukegan. they offer fr… 
we will not be silent as the trump administration seeks to rollback federal civil rights protections for transgende… 
great costumes over the weekend at the north suburban ymca - northbrook halloween spooktacular!  
i joined volunteers at growing healthy veterans constructing a "hoop house" greenhouse in gurnee this weekend the o… 
i was glad to join the exchange club of grayslake for their annual pancake breakfast and support their service on t… 
our office worked with john wensch of winthrop harbor to acquire medals that his late father, a world war ii vetera… 
proud to announce that my legislative record on #lgbtq equality issues has earned a  percent score from human ri… 
this was one of the many reasons i voted no on tax bill. because it would explode our debt &amp; be used as cynical jus… 
i was glad to be in round lake for the annual chili supper to support round lake area best and round lake area exch… 
with some of the constituents at this afternoon’s #neighborhoodofficehours at deerfield public library. 
i was glad to visit lake co tech campus last week to learn more about the career and technical education training o… 
today is the th anniversary of the death of #matthewshepard. i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor matthe… 
so many of our debates about immigration are based in overheated rhetoric instead of fact. the truth is immigration… 
today, i joined a letter urging governor rauner to address the damage of this new law on illinois taxpayers and exp… 
the new tax bill’s restriction of the salt deduction is punishing for illinois families – particularly when our sta… 
the strength of the us-israel relationship lies in the broad bipartisan support for our close ally. my democratic c… 
i was glad to join local business leaders and mayor  at the business summit in  
i joined this letter to president trump because the united states needs to push for answers from the governments of… 
a little rain didn’t stop people from enjoying the great highwood pumpkin festival this weekend. 
talking with constituents at our most recent #congressonyourcorner in highwood. this is our th so far this term.… 
glad to join more than  neighbors out this morning at the walk to #endalz with alzheimer's association in liber… 
 : more than  democratic house members have asked  to reverse the new u.s. policy that requires partners of forei…
manufacturing is a foundation for our economy, &amp; we need to ensure it continues to grow in the st century. i'm wo… 
 : thank you , , , , , , + democratic u.s.…
 : today, more than  democratic colleagues joined me to urge  to reverse the discriminatory new  poli…
 : ty     &amp; highland park/highwood legal clinic for great discussion on #domesticviolen…
america should be projecting values of equality and acceptance on the world stage. this heartless policy puts diplo… 
today, more than  democratic colleagues joined me to urge  to reverse the discriminatory new… 
just  days left to register for students to sign up for the the congressional app challenge. register today!… 
it is stunning that hundreds of thousands of guns are sold annually before the results of a federal background chec… 
chatting with constituents who dropped by our #neighborhoodofficehours today at waukegan public library. next, i’ll… 
we must ensure any energy deal with saudi arabia does not spark an arms race in the middle east or accelerate nucle… 
i was glad to join students studying civics and government for a discussion at north chicago community high school.… 
the students at big hollow elementary school in ingleside had some great questions. thanks for inviting me to visit… 
today's bill will expand access to treatment and recovery services, develop non-opioid alternatives for pain treatm… 
i was proud to vote for this bipartisan package. we have more to do, but this bipartisan package is a strong start.… 
today, house republicans voted to double down on a bad deal for illinois working families. we still need real tax r… 
our #tenthdistrictday attendees hearing from u.s. department of health and human services about the opportunities f… 
kicking off our inaugural #tenthdistrictday, welcoming local mayors, township supervisors, commissioners, and trust… 
these credible accusations and kavanaugh’s judicial record are ample reason to vote no on his appointment to the su… 
thank you dr. blasey ford for your courage to share your story today. you set an example of bravery for all survivors of sexual assault.
the discourage dishonest dialing act would shift the power back to customers by making it easier to recognize and i… 
scam calls are more than just an annoyance, and with the new ability to impersonate local numbers, the risk of dang… 
it’s #nationalvoterregistrationday! take some time to make sure you’re registered to vote! your voice matters.… 
we kicked off our first #stemscholars visit to the chicago executive airport in wheeling. students learned more abo… 
congratulations to the mount prospect public library, celebrating  years in the community!  
this is why i introduced the ethics in public service act. read more in :  
rather than focusing on helping the island recover, president trump has recently spread false conspiracy theories a… 
this week marks one year since hurricane maria's landfall in #puertorico, which tragically claimed nearly , liv… 
were you affected by the prospect heights condo fire? wheeling township is accepting housing assistance application… 
i can't wait to see what our tenth district students create this year! if you're a student interested in app develo… 
read my op-ed in  about how the effects of president trump's trade war are being felt in the tenth dist… 
wishing all those observing yom kippur this evening a meaningful fast and reflective holiday. g'mar hatima tova.
this morning we held another #bagelswithbrad breakfast open house at our lincolnshire office. enjoyed this opportun… 
false &amp; a shameful new low. nearly , americans died from hurricane maria &amp; many more in #puertorico went w/o po… 
new data shows clearly that tenth district families who have long relied on the state and local tax deduction will… 
this would be a positive step by the trump admin, but does not replace need to pass the bipartisan #deteract i intr… 
and we reflect on the countless people who have served in the years since, in ways known and unknown, to protect ou… 
seventeen years ago today, attackers struck the heart of our nation, killing nearly , americans. every year, we… 
september is national preparedness month. it's never a bad time to make an emergency plan for a disaster. learn how… 
tonight at sundown, jews around the world will begin the celebration of rosh hashanah. i wish all those observing t… 
i was honored to join the start of the lake county ruck march this morning. marchers are walking with + lb rucksa… 
pres trump campaigned to ‘drain the swamp,’ but his administration has only accelerated revolving door between the… 
i introduced the ethics in public service act as a commonsense step to restore the rules surrounding executive appo… 
i welcomed lake forest country day school students to the capitol this morning. despite the heat, they had some gre… 
when a spouse is deployed overseas, the entire family shares the burden. i’m glad to highlight the good work of… 
i need your help! are you a vietnam veteran? know a vietnam veteran? we're honoring all veterans who served between… 
it’s time to put the destructive political games behind us and work together toward bipartisan solutions that would… 
standing against the gop and administration’s latest #aca sabotage effort: a lawsuit that would strike down pre-exi… 
joined visiting constituents from immigration voice to discuss my support for h.r., the bipartisan fairness for… 
last month, i led all  members of the il delegation to request a bipartisan briefing on federal efforts to improv… 
our state election officials in illinois take the threat of foreign election interference seriously and are strengt… 
our firefighters and first responders daily answer the call and put their lives on the line on our behalf. i'm thri… 
protections that benefit untold numbers of workers and that we now take for granted such as the -hour work week,… 
today we celebrate the drive and determination of american workers and recognize their contributions to our society… 
great conversations at our most recent #congressonyourcorner town hall in north chicago this weekend. 
bruce johnson with  and bill gentes with a way out discuss progress in lake county to counter the epid… 
lake co board member sandy hart says she was struck by the number of stories of addiction in documentary that began… 
chris wayne with  says chicagoland area saw second highest increase in overdose deaths in nation. #opioidcrisis 
getting ready to start a documentary screening and expert panel discussion on #opioidepidemic in vernon hills. 
we continued our #tarifftour at benchmarc display in vernon hills, which designs designs point-of-purchase displays… 
more than , americans died of an opioid-related overdose in . join me this evening for a documentary scree… 
thank you to scott anders and brad rabin for inviting me to visit this week in wheeling and discussing ways congres… 
durable packaging international manufactures aluminum foil products, including bakeware, serving trays, and more. t… 
more than . million americans provide provide unpaid care for people with alzheimer’s or other dementias. yester… 
the #opioidepidemic continues to claim lives in our district and across the country. join me this week for a screen… 
thank you to taubensee steel and wire, a th generation family business in wheeling for inviting me to visit. appre… 
my heart breaks for #jacksonville in the wake of sunday's horrific shooting. the toll of daily gun violence in comm… 
did you know  million americans provide unpaid care for people, often family members, with alzheimer’s &amp; other de… 
today marks  years since the th amendment was adopted, finally granting women the right to vote. on… 
john mccain lived a life dedicated to service to his country. he puts others before himself as a prisoner of war in… 
thanks to everyone who dropped by this afternoon during our office open house! enjoyed the conversation. 
last month, i was proud the house passed a bill i supported to make it easier for more startups and small businesse… 
this #startupweek, i visited  in lincolnshire to learn more about their growing and innovative work on… 
senator mccain has dedicated his life to the service of our nation, and we are a stronger country because of it. i'… 
come out this afternoon to say hi and learn more about the services our office can provide at our open house! #il 
we held a great consumer protection event yesterday at the northbrook senior center to help constituents identify a… 
thanks for having me. appreciated the opportunity to talk with the tenth district's #smallbiz community! 
it's time for congress to overturn #citizensunited &amp; remove the corrupting influence of big money from our politics… 
no, , arming our teachers and putting guns in the classroom would make our schools more dangerous, not… 
thanks for having me. great questions from the students! 
glad to visit with the ap government &amp; politics class this morning at buffalo grove high school during their first… 
 : #bgenius lab so excited to host  !  thank you to our wonderful ap gov teacher zach crandall for arranging thi…
 : what a great experience for  students in ap gov to interact with  today and ask tough questions!…
it was a privilege to recognize libertyville resident howard pollari for his service during world war ii. thank you… 
learn to recognize and stop scams! sign-up today to attend our consumer protection event in northbrook. 
we had good conversations about improving public transport, health care, and the breaking news about paul manafort… 
i rode the  route  from college of lake county in grayslake to fox lake and back to catch up wit… 
stopped by the lake bluff public library today to drop off a donation from the library of congress surplus book pro… 
i applaud glencoe's efforts to support the great lakes. we must protect lake michigan – a regional treasure and eco… 
are you a student interested in coding? learn more about the congressional app challenge!   
i had a wonderful tour with winthrop harbor officials yesterday. great discussion about their downtown redevelopmen… 
i enjoyed visiting with residents of heritage woods of gurnee. we had a great conversation about ways to safeguard… 
congress previously passed legislation to award the congressional gold medal in recognition of the service of more… 
howard was a flight engineer during moonlight “carpetbagger” operations to deliver supplies to resistance fighters… 
i was honored to present a copy of the congressional gold medal to libertyville resident howard pollari, a wwii vet… 
aretha franklin lived a remarkable life, inspiring millions with her beautiful voice and her passion for all forms… 
i met today with members of the labor community at ibew local  in libertyville. great discussion about ways to s… 
dropping off a donation of books at  in libertyville. we’ve donated more than  books so far through… 
i was glad to kick-off the morning with the libertyville sunrise rotary club and share an update from washington. i… 
excited our district will again be participating in the the congressional app challenge. looking forward to seeing… 
this afternoon i visited the advocate condell medical center in libertyville to tour their intensive care unit and… 
this is a powerful read. like so many other american families, mine is a family of immigrants who fled persecution… 
on this day in , fdr signed social security into law. before #socialsecurity, nearly half of seniors lived in p… 
i appreciated the opportunity to visit  enterprises today in mt prospect and learn more about the opportun… 
it was my honor to join lake county honor flight in north chicago and welcome home returning veterans from their ho… 
great to be with pastor johnson and friends at the new hope church summer picnic in waukegan. 
thanks to everyone who came out to our health care fair at nuestra señora de guadalupe in waukegan! 
some of the tenth district student artists that participated in the congressional art competition are featured at t… 
 : good morning! we are participating in  health fair advocating for a healthier lifestyle! 🍎 #onamission ht…
our health care fair is underway at nuestra señora de guadalupe in waukegan. come out for free health screenings, h… 
glad to support the work of arden shore child and family services last night in waukegan. 
i dropped by the  district summer lunch program this afternoon in wheeling. they serve children, un… 
today, i held a q&amp;a with the residents of lake forest place, a senior living center. we discussed immigration refor… 
. does great work helping members of the community who are experiencing homelessness find shelter a… 
thank you to the lake county latino coalition for inviting me to join your lunch at the  to share a… 
i joined the north lake chapter of the  – retired this morning to discuss the state of education in our coun… 
it was great to connect with constituents during their morning commute on the  route. we had good c… 
i had a great time at the national night out event in niles talking with friends about efforts to strengthen police… 
it’s time for another #commutertownhall. tomorrow morning, i’ll be riding the pace suburban bus route  – milwauk… 
welcoming some of the employers and attendees at our job fair with , which is kicking off now in round… 
d printing guns allows individuals to avoid our nation's background check system. it's important we keep these dan… 
our job fair is starting soon in round lake. come out and meet with  local employers looking to hire!  
this is sad news. stan mikita was a legend both on and off the ice.  
on #purpleheartday we remember all those who were wounded or killed while serving our nation in the united states a… 
more than  area employers looking to hire will be at our job fair this coming wednesday in round lake. hope to se… 
 : . (il-),  (il-), and  (il-) held a press conference after visiting the…
 : this morning i introduced the d printed gun safety act with    to block publication…
i’ve previously introduced legislation to crack down on untraceable “ghost guns” bought and shipped as unassembled… 
if plans for homemade plastic guns are readily available on the internet,  individuals could avoid a background che… 
d-printed guns are a threat to the safety of our nation and communities, and i’m glad to join my colleagues in int… 
the bill also strengthens transparency and responsible use of taxpayer-funded travel. learn more: 
it’s wrong for former members of congress to leverage their public service for personal profit lobbying for corpora… 
rolling back fuel economy standards hurts our health, makes it harder to address global #climatechange, and slows a… 
mueller's investigation into russian election interference must be allowed to continue to its conclusion. we need t… 
russia's interference in our elections didn't stop with . today's news shows why we need to step up our defense… 
fifty-three years ago today, president johnson signed #medicare and #medicaid into law. since then, millions americ… 
thanks to all who joined the discussion during our congress on your corner at bannockburn village hall over the wee… 
we must reunite these parents and children separated by this shameful policy as soon as possible, and work to refor… 
today i visited a facility in chicago housing children who were separated from their parents by the trump administr… 
 : thanks to equality champions  and  for raising #lgbtq human rights issues in a congressional hearing on…
i’m proud to be an original co-sponsor of the bill to reauthorize the violence against women act. today i stood wit… 
 : protecting our elections from the ongoing russian assault is bigger than politics — it is about the oath that members tak…
i’m encouraged that the entire illinois house delegation is united in seeking answers to protect the integrity of o… 
the recent mueller indictments raise more questions about the extent of russia’s meddling in the  election and… 
today, i led our bipartisan illinois congressional delegation requesting a briefing on the administration's efforts… 
i'm part of the bipartisan group working to overcome the gridlock preventing congress from making progress for the… 
 : “' trade war is spiraling out of control &amp; our workers and small businesses are paying the price." …
 : #newdems , , and  introduced bills to offer assistance to american farmers, workers, and b…
 : concerned over the consequences of ’s trade war on rural small firms,  has introduced legisl…
today marks  years since congress last raised the federal minimum wage to $., and that’s too long. i’m proud to… 
this week, our constituent service representatives will be in wheeling and grayslake. if you need assistance, come… 
today marks  years since #turkey invaded #cyprus and began its illegal occupation. we must continue to advocate f… 
 : this week, #smallbiz democrats passed a series of reforms to strengthen:  -access to capital -federal contracting &amp; subco…
this week legislation i introduced in th congress to help start-up businesses access capital passed the house. b… 
if you lost passports, social security cards, or other federal documents in the blaze, our constituent service repr… 
i’m very grateful for the bravery and professionalism of the firefighters who responded to this devastating fire in… 
today, bipartisan legislation i introduced with  to help small businesses access federal contracts pass… 
 : washington workers will be casualties of #trumpstradewar. while  plays games with our economy, …
$. billion in illinois exports have been targeted by retaliatory tariffs from china, canada, mexico, and the euro… 
i also strongly support the legislation  introduced today to expand the trade adjustment assistance prog… 
the #trumptradewar is spiraling out of control, and our workers and small businesses are paying the price. today i… 
i was proud to introduce house version of this legislation with rep.  . #deteract will help protect our… 
 : no, . mueller investigation on election manipulation by #russia is not “a disaster for our country.” it is law enfor…
 : congress must hold moscow responsible &amp; deter future attacks. we must send a strong, united message to the world: if you…
 : protecting our elections from foreign interference is not a republican or democratic issue: it’s an american issue, and…
our state was targeted by putin’s meddling in the  election. we need to hold those responsible to account. i in… 
why does president trump continue to side with vladimir putin over our intelligence agencies? he spent today’s pres… 
photo today after meeting with pharmacy students from illinois.  today i visited a great group of kids. i handed around my congressional pin for the kids to see. this little girl t… 
 : we had the honor to have  visit the cherly green center.    #lotsof…
joined boys and girls from the cheryl green youth center for a fun visit filled with laughter and halloween cheer!… 
 : hey  --   stop with the lies and distractions &amp; actually stand up for pre-existing condition protections.…
 : last week secretary zinke tried to fire his inspector general. this week we find out the ig he tried to fire has referred zinke…
today is the last day for registered voters in los angeles county to request a vote by mail ballot! for more inform… 
congratulations  and  on the red sox win! looking forward to keeping my end of the bet whe… 
  thank you, john! let’s do another soon.
the distractor-in-chief is at it again. even trump knows you can’t change the constitution with an executive order.… 
thank you for the tour today ! #ca 
the trump administration’s rampant culture of corruption &amp; self-enrichment is met by absolute silence from my repub… 
let’s win this tonight! go ! #ladetermined 
had a great time attending services at faith inspirational missionary baptist church this morning in #compton. than… 
let’s go ! #worldseries #ladetermined 
our hearts ache with sorrow as we learn of yet another deadly mass shooting at a place of worship. following closel… 
thank you to all the veterans &amp; military families for joining me at my welcome home event for veterans! many servic… 
today is the last day to submit a public comment to tell the  that you’re against the proposed rollbacks on… 
join me today at as i host a welcome home event for veterans from am-pm at the vfw post  in #compton. vetera… 
the president should focus on the threat at hand and quit the dangerous rhetoric. we need to come together as ameri… 
addressed leaders in the fight against poverty at ’s #lawomenssummit this afternoon. it’s important… 
tune in to  tonight at  pm pst for my interview with  on the bomb threats and investigation. 
 thanks! all in good fun. we can both root on our respective teams and be friends.
getting ready to go on  with . tune in now. 
tune in to  tonight at : pm est/ : pm pst. i will be on with  to discuss the latest on… 
join me this friday, oct.  as i host a welcome home event for vets from am-pm at the vfw post  in #compton… 
join us tomorrow for ’s st “women’s economic empowerment summit” in #southgate! looking forward to disc… 
#teambarragan was excited to be a part of the grand opening of the  innovation center in #compton. this… 
as many as  million americans with pre-existing conditions may lose coverage because of the gop’s continued effo… 
my dc office got a call this morning from mr. haun and his government class at  in #ca. thank you… 
when the  win, do you think  will look better in a  or  jersey? 
making a friendly #worldseries bet with  &amp; . the losing member will have to wear the other t… 
 : i have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
 : we couldn't be more excited to welcome , betty t. yee , , and many more incredible spea…
today is the last day to #registervote in california. our democracy is stronger when every american exercises thei… 
this latest attack on the lgbtq community is a disgrace. now more than ever, we must fight back to protect the civi… 
congratulations to macedonia baptist church on your th anniversary! so grateful to join your congregation at thi… 
congratulations on being back-to-back national league champions and reaching the #worldseries!   #ladetermined 
great afternoon with constituents and so many community partners at #tasteofsoul. the food was off-the-chain delici… 
 : spending time with  at the “taste of soul”.  #bakewell media   
enjoyed visiting my alma mater, , to speak to students from ’s class about my law school… 
join me next friday, oct.  as i host a welcome home event for vets from am-pm at the vfw post  in #compton… 
 : i’ve co-written a letter to  &amp;  to share our deep concerns about mistreatment and neglect of #adelanto d…
los cambios propuestos a la regla de carga pública por la administración de trump harían más difícil para los inmig… 
the proposed changes to the public charge rule by the trump administration would make it more difficult for immigra… 
a new  report estimates , of constituents in #ca are at risk of healthcare coverage loss or pr… 
. &amp; the department of education are mismanaging the public service loan forgiveness program, a critica… 
planning a trip to washington, dc? my office can arrange for tours, including the us capitol building &amp; white house… 
it’s an honor to have received a % on the #hrcscorecard! we’ve come too far to turn our backs on our lgbtq commu… 
on this #worldfoodday, we declare our commitment to ensuring food security for all and reducing food waste. let’s r… 
another exciting visit to thank our brave firefighters, this time to  fire station no.  at the ! s… 
gop two-step: step : pass a #taxscam for the rich that adds $t to the deficit and ships jobs overseas step : use… 
my tour to thank firefighters in #ca continued today as i visited  fire stations  and  in #carson. fi… 
today is the last day to participate in the #congressionalappchallenge. show off your #tech skills by submitting an… 
icymi: “the choice is clear. democrats are fighting for the people — and republicans are fighting for the powerful.… 
truly a labor of love last night at ’s evening of the giving spirits dinner. thank you for recognizing me… 
 in  women and  in  men have experienced domestic violence in their lifetime. during… 
congrats to all the dancers in today’s filam’s got talent dance competition. glad to be celebrating… 
awesome photo of today’s th annual compton walk. had so much fun for a good cause with our amazing community. 
so honored to join fighters &amp; survivors of breast cancer at today’s th annual #compton walk for a cure. thank you… 
met with representatives of steel exchange, inc. this morning - a small business from #sanpedro that distributes st… 
looking forward to joining nonprofit &amp; philanthropic leaders at 's st "women's economic empowerment sum… 
. and his administration are hell-bent on separating families at the border. we must be hell-bent o… 
proud to join over  of my colleagues on this letter condemning the trump admin for moving over , migrant chil… 
 it was my pleasure!
exciting visit to the #compton fire department station no.  this morning! met with brave firefighters 👨‍🚒👩‍🚒 who s… 
when we empower and support girls, incredible things happen. #dayofthegirl 
we acknowledge the gains that #latinos are making in areas of entrepreneurship &amp; the workforce. we make up nearly … 
as we approach the end of #hispanicheritagemonth we recognize that latinos have had a significant, positive impact… 
picking up treats at alma’s restaurant and bakery to deliver to our #compton firefighters at station no. ! #ca 
a quarter of households in my district #ca rely on social security to help pay for basic needs, but with the risi… 
an incredible amount of support from community leaders, businesses &amp; residents at ’s nd annual… 
in #ca, over , individuals are experiencing homelessness. on this #worldhomelessday let's recommit ourselves… 
great video from ! over the past two years the trump administration has made it clear that they don’t c… 
it’s #worldmentalhealthday  as we continue to have more discussions on mental illness, it’s important to remember t… 
the proposed public charge rule is yet another attack by the trump administration on our immigrant communities.   i… 
congratulations on today’s ground breaking! the new student center and grand entrance to the university represents… 
icymi: ⚡️ my twitter chat with  where we discussed key environmental issues that impact latinos and… 
 : we have to #actonclimate and #protectmadretierra so that our families live a healthier life. 
 : global action needs to happen to bring solutions to protect our communities and future generations. #actonclimate https:…
 : thank you  for your commitment to fighting for stronger environmental protections. latino families depend on…
   fue mi placer. these issues affect all of us and it’s important that we keep up the fight! #hhm
  
   if the federal government is not doing its part, we can all do something: use pu… 
   in congress, in addition to fighting and speaking out against the harmful trump… 
   while the trump administration moves backward in support of a dirty energy agend… 
   thankfully, california--along with subnational, community &amp; business leaders in… 
   from the seemingly endless series of climate and health rollbacks, it’s clear th… 
   it’s absolutely unacceptable that  million u.s households struggle to pay for… 
   unfortunately, the trump administration wants to cut grants that help protect ag… 
   in congress, i’m working hard to promote investment in water infrastructure so t… 
   it’s critical that we keep this issue in the forefront of our minds. it’s been m… 
   that’s why i introduced h.r. , the #nodrillinginourbackyardsact, to ensure t… 
   so, we should be looking to protect homes and schools from oil and gas developme… 
   children are particularly susceptible to the health impacts from oil and gas pol… 
   our families should be able to live and work in schools and neighborhoods that a… 
   oil &amp; gas drilling does not belong in our neighborhoods. in my district #ca, t… 
   coastal tourism in california is unparalleled, contributing $. billion dollar… 
   loosening this regulation increases the risk of devastating oil spills that thre… 
   the #deepwaterhorizon spill was one of the worst environmental disasters in this… 
   three superfund sites are in communities in my district in south gate. our commu… 
   the trump administration says it wants to clean up dangerous, abandoned “superfu… 
   i’m particularly incensed about the administration’s repeated efforts to slash e… 
   it’s truly appalling to see these attacks on the ’s budget, and for that mat… 
   we need strong protections that will help protect the health of our families and… 
  instead of putting families, children and the most vulnerable in our communities first, this… 
  the #cpp, #cleanercars standards, and mercury and methane rules are common sense safeguards.… 
  i’m very concerned. millions of americans have already spoken out – most recently at a public… 
  oil and gas drilling are one of the leading causes of climate change, and our communities—one… 
  the city of los angeles—where the th congressional district that i represent is located—is… 
  % of latinos in the u.s. live in three states already experiencing serious negative effects… 
  latino children are % more at risk than their white counterparts of having asthma attacks,… 
  for latinos in my district, caring for &amp; protecting our environment is an everyday concern be… 
 : we’re joined today by congresswoman nanette diaz barragán, who represents california's th congressional district, fo…
  thank you, ! it’s my pleasure.
happening now: join me as i participate in a conversation about environmental issues that impact communities of col… 
#toxictrump has undermined critical environmental safeguards at every turn. districts like mine – where urban oil w… 
this #hispanicheritagemonth, i’m excited to join  to discuss important issues that impact latinos a… 
 : thank you to         and …
this new report on climate change is alarming. now more than ever, we need republicans and democrats to come togeth… 
today we celebrate our indigenous communities across the nation and honor the original inhabitants of america. may… 
calling all middle and high school students in #ca! sign up today for the #congressionalappchallenge and show off… 
great to join so many community members and families in #compton yesterday at councilwoman emma sharif’s harvest fe… 
congrats to the men, women &amp; youth who successfully completed the #watts #ce program! their commitment to emergen… 
october marks #breastcancerawarenessmonth! on average, a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer every two minutes. l… 
nearly % of latinos live within  miles of a power plant and are at greater risk of exposure to increased smog a… 
 : with congresswoman  and councilman  at the new ilwu, local  dispatch center in wilmington! htt…
 : icymi:  policy training director  testified to  and  about her experience leading the #…
 : thank you  for prioritizing the american people over polluters by asking the trump administration to aband…
congratulations to our labor brothers and sisters from #ilwu local  on the grand opening of their longshore dispa… 
the ’s new “scientific transparency” proposal is opposed by nearly everyone with any scientific credibility and… 
california clean air day challenge accepted - driving an electric hybrid car around #ca for events and meetings.… 
the trump administration wants to gut safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. they may have forgot… 
 :  years after #deepwaterhorizon the safety regulations put in place still aren’t permanent – and are now under attack.…
at a time when nearly all of america’s coastal waters have been put on the table for increased oil &amp; gas drilling,… 
loosening offshore-drilling safety regulations increases the risk of a devastating oil spill &amp; poses a threat to ou… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
now vote against his nominee. 
house republicans passed their #taxscam . last friday, making it clear that they are not on the side of working a… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
the trump epa is once again attacking our public health, this time by proposing a roll back of mercury and toxic ch… 
in the middle of the night &amp; without notice, migrant kids who were separated from their parents were taken to unreg… 
it’s #october and today we mark one year since the las vegas mass shooting, the deadliest shooting in american his… 
 : the dissolution of sativa is long overdue. congratulations to all for a righteous effort. 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾  …
calling all middle and high school students in #ca! sign up today for the #congressionalappchallenge and show off… 
 thank you! i love you back.
      thanks, joe! honored that you and t… 
   look forward to reading it. thanks!
thank you ! i’m a proud . grateful for the role #ucla played in my success and career path. educat… 
great music 🎶 and community at the th annual #watts towers day of the drums festival! #teambarragan was there tod… 
during this #hhm, we celebrate the achievements of our hispanic community. but despite our progress, there are stil… 
en este #hhm celebramos los logros de nuestra comunidad. pero a pesar de nuestros avances, todavía hay pocos latino… 
glad to see  sign ab , a step in the right direction to ensure #sativa customers have clean and s… 
today, i joined my colleagues at the #kavanaughhearings to stand in opposition of brett kavanaugh’s nomination to t… 
thank you for participating in the hearing and sharing your experience and work to reunite families. 
 : icymi:  policy training director 's testimony to  about her work helping reunify hundreds of peopl…
#ibelievechristineblaseyford 
at the #kavanaughhearings today supporting victims of sexual assault. inspiring to see so many men and women coming… 
in the #kavanaughhearings room listening to dr. ford. she states she is 💯 sure brett kavanaugh is the one who sexua… 
 : right now, many survivors of sexual assault are reliving trauma. if you’re a survivor, know that you are not alone. if…
thank you! 
breaking: the #faa reauthorization bill was just passed with a provision i authored in my “strengthening local tran… 
watching ’s press conference is making me sick to my stomach. his lying and victim shaming is disgusting. enough already.
happy to see  introduce a senate companion to my bill, the outdoor recreation legacy partnership (orlp… 
today is #nationalvoterregistrationday! from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women and people of color… 
proud to join  in the fight against poverty by cosponsoring the #eitc modernization act. while republican… 
reauthorizing #lwcf is a must - it creates jobs, protects our treasured #publiclands and helps preserve american hi… 
this is rich coming from donald trump, a man who made a career out of bankrupting businesses, running fraudulent un… 
republicans are trying to “plow right through” disturbing and credible allegations of sexual misconduct against bre… 
another cruel policy by donald trump meant to intimidate and demonize immigrants.  as my friend  likes… 
so great to join families &amp; community members this week to celebrate the grand opening of the #wilmington farmers m… 
like so many others, alzheimer's is personal for me. on this #worldalzheimersday let us remember the ones we've los… 
#yearaftermaria puerto rico &amp; the u.s. virgin islands continue to suffer from the destruction caused by the storm.… 
#hhm is about recognizing the hard work, contributions and impact the latino community has had. latinos are the sec… 
this attack on a sexual assault victim is disgusting and appalling.   it’s a good time to remind everyone that dona… 
thank you for being part of it! 
 : today along with    &amp;  we celebrate the grand opening of  units of affo…
 : families at dana strand now have a safe, beautiful place to call home. today, we celebrate the hard work of this community a…
excited for the #wilmington residents that will get to call vista del mar &amp; camino del mar their new home. thank yo… 
so great to have over  job seekers turn out at my st annual #jobsfair. many interviewed, applied &amp; some even go… 
 : together with  &amp;  we celebrate the grand opening of #caminodelmar &amp; #vistadelmar consisting of …
 thank you!
 thank you! great turnout. will catch you next time. and thanks for helping promote it.
meet today’s employers – from social services to law enforcement to health services, they are hiring on the spot! j… 
today's the day! my #jobsfair begins at am and will run until pm at the dollarhide community center in #compton.… 
 : latinos make up % of metro’s rail ridership and % of metro’s bus ridership. latinos are underrepresented in the decisio…
great meeting with  ceo, phil washington + management to discuss ways to expand opportunities for l… 
was honored to attend morning service at temple beth el in #sanpedro and share a prayer for our country. to everyon… 
tip no. for our upcoming #jobsfair: dress to impress. as with any interview, it’s important to dress in business… 
we are a nation of immigrants and our strength comes from our diversity. the administration’s plan to cap the numbe… 
proud to join  and  in calling out the president for his awful comments questioning the de… 
reminder: stop by my #jobsfair tomorrow from am-pm at the dollarhide community center in #compton to meet with o… 
we must continue to shed a light on the families who have yet to be reunited and hold this administration accountab… 
thankful for maria's courage &amp; willingness to be part of our hearing. many thanks to , our witnesses fro… 
hosted informative &amp; emotional hearing today in  on the separation of immigrant families. maria, a m… 
happening now: joined by my colleague  as i host a hearing in south gate on the status of the reunificat… 
holding a hearing in south gate in less than an hour with my colleague, , to discuss the reunification e… 
tip no. for our upcoming #jobsfair: arrive prepared. bring at least  copies of your resume (more if there are m… 
go ! proud to see #ca students participate in the jsa program and learn about the importance of ad… 
the allegations against judge #kavanaugh are serious and credible. it’s time for senate republicans to finally be b… 
tip no. for our upcoming #jobsfair: develop questions. job fairs aren’t only an opportunity for recruiters to get…  our places of worship should be sanctuaries for us all, and together, we must stand against anti-semitism and hatef… 
my heart breaks for the victims of today's tragedy at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. i am closely monito… 
great meeting dr. lei from the national institutes of health’s idea program at the delaware clinical and translatio… 
yesterday, i toured the usda's beneficial insects introduction research unit in newark. the facility's research hel… 
we are all better for knowing charlie, and i send my condolences to his family and friends during this difficult ti… 
i am deeply saddened by the loss of a dedicated public servant and former delaware volunteer firefighters associati… 
with locations across the state, citizens can dispose of their unused, unwanted, or expired medications in an effor… 
drug addiction affects delawareans in all communities – urban, suburban, and rural. to raise awareness,  is s… 
a free press is critical to a healthy democracy, and i am optimistic about the next generation stepping up into the… 
this morning, i stopped by bancroft elementary school and was interviewed by several students about my work in cong… 
last week, i had the pleasure of attending the delaware leadership foundation's rd annual prayer breakfast in wil… 
congratulations to dana bowe, a special education teacher at west seaford elementary school, for being named delawa… 
i would also like to congratulate brigadier general michael berry on his nomination as the next adjutant general, a… 
thank you, major general carol timmons, for your dedicated service to our country and commitment to the brave men a… 
all delaware students can meet the qualifications for nomination. the deadline for submissions is fast-approaching,… 
we are grateful for the thousands of young men &amp; women who volunteer to serve in our nation’s armed forces. if you’… 
americans deserve strong environmental action now to slow the pace of #climatechange, so we can fight and prevent s… 
for more information on the hotline and additional online resources, please click on the link provided: 
for survivors out there, we see you, and you are not alone. if you feel like you need to talk or need help, please… 
millions of women across the country saw themselves, their family members, and their friends in dr. ford's heroic a… 
moments like this reflect the historic times we live in. every senator needs to ask themselves if partisanship and… 
by voting yes, senate republicans are sending a message to women everywhere that their experiences and their truths… 
i know that as women watched dr. ford’s powerful testimony that they didn’t just see dr. ford, they saw themselves,… 
like millions of women across this nation, dr. ford’s pain cut right to the core for so many who live in silence af… 
today, i joined my colleagues &amp; stood in solidarity with dr. blasey ford. i believe her, &amp; we need to… 
all delaware students can meet the qualifications for nomination. the deadline for submissions is fast-approaching,… 
we are grateful for the thousands of young men &amp; women who volunteer to serve in our nation’s armed forces. if you’… 
from the th amendment to the voting rights act, women have fought for our right to have a voice. today, on… 
i’m proud to support the  delaware museums participating in #museum day on /. where will your curiosity lead yo… 
calling all delawareans! tomorrow:  is hosting a construction career expo for those looking to explore… 
i look forward to seeing how the new public-private partnership for the port of wilmington will drive economic deve… 
as delaware's economy continues to develop, critical partnerships and strategic investment in our workforce will ke… 
this crisis affects delawareans in all communities – urban, suburban, &amp; rural. we must continue to speak out agains… 
as a member of the bipartisan heroin task force, i’m fighting for new and innovative ways to increase access to tre… 
during prescription opioid and heroin epidemic awareness week, let us remember those whose lives have been touched… 
for more information on how to get started, visit: 
calling all tech-savvy delaware middle &amp; high school students! do you have an interest in coding &amp; computer science… 
to all family, friends, and neighbors observing yom kippur, g’mar tov, and i hope you are having a meaningful and e… 
we're grateful for the delaware first responders who are joining teams across the country in assisting with… 
each year, more than , hispanic women die from heart disease without access to proper health information &amp; cri… 
watch: i joined  &amp;  in urging our colleagues to update the environmental quality incentive… 
before the  cuts the cord on lifeline, it should think hard and recognize the women, men and children who have… 
cell phones enable vulnerable individuals to contact emergency services, family members, health care, and social se… 
for the , women, men and children who call a domestic violence hotline each day, a phone is more than just a d… 
the  lifeline program helped  million americans last year alone. affordable wireless service, especially for… 
in cases of domestic violence, one phone call can make the difference. without the  lifeline program that call… 
on monday, i took part in the unveiling of a new  safe medication disposal kiosk in dover. with locations… 
to learn more about emergency preparedness, visit:    for delaware weather updates, visit:… 
as we continue to closely monitor #hurricaneflorence &amp; its potential impact on #delaware, now is the time to get pr… 
 years ago, our nation &amp; values were attacked. today, we remember the lives lost &amp; honor the heroes who made the… 
shana tova to all family, friends, and delawareans coming together today to celebrate #roshhashanah! i wish everyon… 
i had a great time today catching up with delaware small business owner trey kraus, president of carlton's clothing… 
after a productive august back home in delaware, i'm back to work in d.c. today with the  discussin… 
as delaware's member of congress, one of my duties is to submit qualified nominees to our nation's prestigious serv… 
today, the fight goes on, and i continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with our brothers and sisters in #labor so t… 
#laborday is a time to remember the men and women who courageously fought for worker’s rights. labor’s dedication a… 
are you a tech-savvy delaware student with an interest in coding &amp; computer science? if you are or know someone who… 
the #cleanslateact would ensure that those who have paid their debts &amp; earned a #secondchance have an opportunity t… 
for millions of americans, an arrest or minor criminal record can put owning a home, getting an education, or earni… 
student debt should not determine the quality of your education or career path. as a member of , i… 
it's back to school for the wonderful teachers and staff of the new castle county vocational technical school distr… 
senator john mccain was an american hero and statesman who valued integrity and placed our country above all else.… 
we should provide teachers with pencils, paper, and resources to ensure that every student has the opportunity to s… 
the trump administration’s proposal to take money away from critical mental health services and put guns in the cla… 
jamie was an inspiration to us all and will be dearly missed by many. i'm honored to have known and worked with jam… 
i am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend &amp; devoted disability rights advocate jamie wolfe. for more than  dec… 
it's always a great day down on the farm! last week, i spent time in kent &amp; sussex counties talking with farmers ab… 
it was a pleasure to join dr. shelton and the committed educators in the capital school district. we shared the rec… 
#teamlbr is now accepting applications for fall interns! interns play a critical role in serving the people of dela… 
yesterday, i had a blast climbing firetrucks alongside the women of . of firefighters across the nation,… 
as a delawarean and life-long disabilities advocate, i am proud that so many community businesses and partners are… 
motivated by the energy, innovation, professional development, and connections at the  #millsummit today! 
the pay gap is math, not myth, and we must ensure that working families have equal pay to expand opportunity and su… 
pay gap affects women of all ages, races &amp; education levels. we must do better. 
#blackwomensequalpay is critical for family income as black mothers have highest rates of being primary or sole breadwinner in a family.
despite more than % of black women in the workforce, black women in delaware are far more likely to live in pover… 
harsh reality: black women make ¢ for every dollar paid to a white man. we need #blackwomensequalpay 
last week, i had the pleasure of taking part in the peter spencer family life foundation cdf freedom school's summe… 
all americans deserve clean air, &amp; rolling back clean car standards will allow automakers to make vehicles that pol… 
it's #nationalinternday! my office wouldn't be complete without our wonderful interns. i'm grateful for their hard… 
👇🏽 
the administration’s trade actions have made it even more difficult for family farmers to sell their crops and make… 
while there is a real need to hold china and other bad actors accountable for trade imbalances and currency manipul… 
today, i introduced the trade assistance for farmers act that would expand the trade adjustment assistance program… 
a woman's right to choose a safe and legal abortion is #whatsatstake with judge brett kavanaugh's nomination to the… 
our laws should reflect our values and priorities, and i look forward to working with my colleagues in both chamber… 
ensuring workers have a fair and safe mechanism to report sexual misconduct is an essential piece of our work to pu… 
the #empoweract is a bipartisan, bicameral bill that will create a system to foster transparency and accountability… 
live now: i'm joining , , , &amp;  in introducing the #empoweract… 
 : at pm,     &amp; i will intro the bipartisan, bicameral empower act to comba…
later today, i’ll be going live at : pm to introduce the bipartisan #empoweract. the empower act creates systems… 
in , the business manufactured its own line of products &amp; started a new charitable product line that benefits c… 
i had the pleasure of meeting with jennifer mcmillan today, a delaware small business owner and founder of… 
last week, i met with fellows participating in the young african leaders initiative in partnership with .… 
i had the pleasure of speaking to the next generation of scientists and engineers this morning at the … 
today's indictment of  russian intelligence officers is further proof that the kremlin worked to undermine our el… 
while we share president trump’s desire to hold china accountable for their longstanding history of unfair trade pr… 
yesterday, i sent a letter with  &amp;  to usda  expressing concern over how th… 
 million american are providing assistance to their loved ones.  if you care about caregivers, you care about the… 
seniors are at risk – and the #oaa is helping to protect them. the oaa protects elder rights – helping prevent expl… 
more than  million older americans are food insecure – the older americans act helps provide them with meals on w… 
"the older americans act clearly affirms our nation's sense of responsibility toward the well-being of all of our o… 
nutrition services, disease prevention programs, transportation services, job training, and legal services for seni… 
the older americans act helps ensure seniors can live with dignity during retirement by supporting essential servic… 
this saturday marks  years since the older americans act was signed into law. as #oaaturns, we must recommit to… 
the best way we can save more lives and ensure people live happily and healthily is by preserving the affordable ca… 
a new study found that delaware's cancer mortality rate is declining due to early detection technology &amp; advancemen… 
today, i met with  to discuss the ongoing efforts in the first state to treat, prevent, &amp; eradicate t… 
i had the opportunity to swap internship stories &amp; share my experiences with the  interns. we touched on… 
take a look at this list of pre-existing conditions, and chances are you'll identify with one or more of them. with… 
the trump administration has declined to defend the affordable care act in court, and the case will likely end up i… 
the affordable care act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions, which more than half of all wom… 
judge kavanaugh’s nomination is a clear threat to women’s reproductive rights. the senate must block this dangerous… 
-- one where all people have the right to make their own healthcare decisions, to marry who they love, to collectiv… 
in spite of and because of president trump’s #scotuspick, we must continue fighting for a more inclusive america --
today, we celebrate caesar rodney’s midnight ride to philadelphia to cast the deciding vote in favor of independenc… 
icymi:  &amp;  penned an op-ed on why millions of americans in pennsylvania and across the… 
 : happy birthday, ranking member peterson! 
looking forward to joining , , and  to discuss #cleanslate legislation in penns… 
rebuilding unions is critical to rebuilding the middle-class, and the #janus decision undermines the ability of pub… 
the #janus decision is another dangerous ruling by #scotus that has overturned  decades of precedent. 
the travel ban and religious test will not make us any safer and instead gives terrorists who seek to harm us a rec… 
in the words of justice sonia sotomayor, "the united states of america is a nation built upon the promise of religi… 
we are better off when all eligible americans can vote. but now, millions of americans are denied this freedom. it’… 
the voting rights advancement act ensures that states with repeated voting rights violations are required to clear… 
since the supreme court decided shelby county v. holder, more than two dozen states have enacted anti-voter laws th… 
five years ago, the supreme court gutted the voting rights act in its shelby county v. holder decision, but there i… 
our democracy only works when elections are free &amp; fair and all eligible voters are able to cast a ballot. on the a… 
we need to come together and pass comprehensive immigration reform. a working, bipartisan solution is the only answ… 
the president’s executive order does not:  🔴 reunite more than , separated children with their parents.  🔴 end… 
today, i was proud to vote for the bipartisan suppo for patients and communities act, which will make strides in… 
in a  hearing this week, i discussed my clean slate legislation with 's . c… 
the #farmbill is too important for one party to go it alone, and it is my sincere hope that we can come together an… 
i'm disappointed that house republican leadership chose to advance a blatantly partisan #farmbill, and it is the re… 
today, i met with representatives from delaware credit unions during their annual "hike the hill day." we had a tho… 
children should not be ripped from the arms of their parents.  babies need to stay with their loving parents.… 
the #keepfamiliestogetheract establishes a preference for family unity, discourages the separation of siblings, and… 
fact: family separation has been universally condemned by the child welfare community, immigration rights community… 
#juneteenth is a celebration of freedom, and today serves as a reminder that we must continue the fight for justice… 
 black women serve in state legislatures,  black women are members of congress, and countless other black wome… 
i will continue fighting for our values, and i encourage you to stay engaged, stay informed, and stay vocal in your… 
this moment requires more than just words; it requires action. that’s why i’m joining  in introducin… 
the heartless policy of separating innocent children from their parents at the border is inconsistent with our valu… 
our nation has long been a beacon of hope for people facing persecution. yet,  and his administrati… 
today, i wish my dad and all dads a very happy father’s day! 
as the moon finds its way into the night sky and the holy month of ramadan comes to an end, i wish our muslim frien… 
 : “i come from a background where work is aspirational, where we strive to be productive. but what’s been presented to us in congre…
tune in: i'm live with  for a discussion about the #gopfarmbill and its impact on farmers and families. 
last night at the  reception &amp; today in my office, i spoke with #nnedvad advocates about my bill to reautho… 
yesterday, i met with the young delawareans who were appointed to our prestigious military service academies. they… 
the commission was charged with studying school safety, and the american people have a right to know about the root… 
today, i led a letter with  of my  colleagues to  sec. devos asking her to explain her te… 
yesterday, i discussed employment opportunities in sussex county with billy banning &amp; sarah ruffcorn of… 
today, i joined  in asking  sec. azar for specifics on what his agency is doing to combat ri… 
this morning, i took part in breakfast on the farm to celebrate the partnership between  and .… 
it was a pleasure getting to know the th wilmington friends school graduating class on saturday. the creative, i… 
the only way to ensure the lgbtq community is protected from the kind of discrimination in masterpiece is to pass t… 
the #scotus ruling in masterpiece cakeshop is narrow and specific to the facts of the case, but we cannot for one m… 
yesterday, i had the honor to attend the de commission of veterans affairs' memorial day service &amp; pay tribute to t… 
in de moms only make ¢ for $ a dad makes.  💸and the difference of annual median earnings between moms and dads i… 
closing the #genderwagegap wouldn’t just help working mothers— it would also help the millions of families that rel… 
. reports that "nearly  in  working mothers of very young children work in low-wage jobs" &amp; are disproportio… 
the #wagegap between mothers &amp; non-mothers is greater than between women &amp; men—&amp; actually getting bigger and is lar… 
 in  working mothers work in low wage jobs that require childcare, often in more irregular &amp; evening hours. moms… 
mothers’ wages are also impacted by a lack of support for women’s disproportionate caregiving responsibilities. #momsequalpay
did you know? ➡️ being a mom is a greater predictor of wage discrimination than gender. #momsequalpay 
#paycheckfairnessact is part of solution: we need #paidsickdays, #paidfamilyleave, affordable #childcare &amp;… 
that's why i'm proud to cosponsor the #paycheckfairnessact because it would help bridge the wage gap for all moms.… 
all hardworking women and moms deserve to be paid equally &amp; recognized for their contribution to the national economy. #momsequalpay
thanks to  for crunching the numbers for the wage gap for moms and creating great resources for #momsequalpay… 
today, i took part in a gun violence prevention forum and heard the stories of students who have lived through sens… 
uscis’s goal for processing daca renewal applications used to be  days so assess whether it makes sense for you… 
you can apply for renewal even if your last application was rejected specifically due to not meeting the october ,… 
this faq by  &amp;  can help you determine whether you qualify to apply → 
right now, you can still apply to renew your daca. if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal, you shou… 
every student should have the opportunity to succeed, but often, minority students &amp; children with disabilities are… 
tonight, make your voice heard by joining my #telephonetownhall meeting at : pm. i’ll be discussing issues befor… 
 : ⚡️ “#enoughisenough”   
as we gather more details about the school shooting at santa fe high school, one thing is clear: we cannot accept t… 
👇🏽 
i stand with  in asking: does the #gopfarmbill even get the policy right?  let's go back to the drawing… 
we're voting on the #gopfarmbill today. a bill that cuts $ billion from snap – hurting children, seniors and peop… 
 : all too often, discussions about #snap don’t recognize how it improves the lives of the *people* who receive benefits. …
#organics account for nearly $ billion in annual sales, and organic foods are an increasingly valuable market for… 
house republicans held more than  hearings on #snap, at which none of the witnesses recommended cutting benefits… 
rural schools, businesses, farmers and healthcare providers need high-speed broadband to provide adequate service t… 
#gopfarmbill fact: % of u.s. farmland will change hands and one fourth of our farmers will retire over the next t… 
in delaware, % of our farms are family owned. we need to strengthen the farm safety and increase education and ou… 
#gopfarmbill facts: an estimated . million people will be forced off of snap by the #gopfarmbill’s workforce bure… 
#gopfarmbill facts: house republicans say their bill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s not true. ,… 
#gopfarmbill facts: this bill cuts $ million in federal conservation programs. 
farmers take great pride in feeding america, but the #gopfarmbill doesn't ease the pressures on their families crea… 
democrats oppose the #gopfarmbill because it simply isn’t good enough. not for farmers, not for consumers, and not for communities.
during #nationalpoliceweek, let's take a moment to thank all of the men &amp; women in blue who put their lives on the… 
the  / resolution requires congress hold hearings to ensure that  &amp;… 
in the past, under both democratic and republican administrations,  and  supported enforceme… 
. &amp;  must uphold  school discipline guidance package, to remind schools of their legal o… 
the  findings substantiate claims that the severity of disparate treatment for students of color and students… 
. ranking member  and  introduced a new resolution to affirm support for… 
according to a  report, black students, boys, and students with disabilities are disproportionately disciplin…   : congratulations  on your % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! thank yo…
the president desperately wants to talk about his manufactured crises, how you should fear asylum seekers, and how… 
 as a long-time supporter of increasing transparency and improving rider experience, i believe metro’s pr… 
wmata’s efforts to increase ridership, including implementing ideas  and i proposed in our bill such as f… 
when our leaders praise acts of violence against the media, defend neo-nazis, imply very real bomb threats are hoax… 
when our leaders remain neutral in the face of hate, it flourishes. when our leaders’ opt to blame “both sides” or… 
the news out of pittsburgh is horrible. we’ve become all too familiar with these images of hate and senseless viole… 
proud to have been given a % grade by the  for my votes in congress to promote and protect the rig… 
i visited the  james e. duckworth regional school where i had the meaningful opportunity to speak with studen… 
  to stop the spread of opioids, we have to aid local &amp; state law enforcement officers wh… 
i applaud 's  decision to send over $ million to maryland's police to help stem the flow… 
ensuring that riders have a platform to share their experiences with metro is critical to increasing transparency a… 
republicans voted repeatedly to strip away protections for those with pre-existing conditions. the white house is b… 
 : the trump administration recently proposed changes to how people can protest &amp; assemble on the national mall.  these chang…
terrorizing and harming public figures and journalists has no place in the united states. these reprehensible actio… 
these acts of terror are cowardly and un-american, and those who are responsible will be caught and prosecuted. i a… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
i had the opportunity to visit the  ice cream factory in laurel with  and  amb… 
the white house will continue to find every single opportunity to provoke fear and hate, so that while we are divid… 
their response will always be to demonize you, your struggle and your fight to make america a better country. this… 
the white house is all in on fear mongering -- it doesn't matter if you're a sexual assault survivor, a refugee fro… 
the state department and the department of homeland security said the claim that terrorists -- or as donald trump i… 
the trump administration wants to write off transgender americans' humanity, including nearly , transgender a… 
 the gsa and the fbi must return to their original plan to build a fully consolidated fbi headquarters… 
 these new documents solidify my original suspicion that president trump is politicizing this critical… 
the documents released today by  show that the president was intimately involved in changing the fbi’s… 
 : “visiting schools is a favorite part of my job,” congressman anthony brown told students at james e. duckworth regional schoo…
republicans still want to repeal the #aca. they still want to pass legislation that undermines protections for thos… 
. fired the  inspector general.  he also happens to be the subject of  government investi… 
 : trump &amp; betsy devos tried to enrich their for-profit college industry friends by blocking the #borrowerdefense rule, w…
. owes us more info on the mishandling of the public service loan forgiveness program that teachers, f… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
republicans passed the #goptaxscam knowing it would explode the deficit, so they could cut programs that keep milli… 
. is leading the way on making prince george's county more inclusive for those with disabilities. it's… 
it's becoming ever clearer that the president's inability to fill diplomatic positions around the world -- from tur… 
 : had a great time recognizing the best of the best in  friday night at #teacheroftheyear banquet. congrat…
as a member of , i understand the mission to modernize our armed forces, and how difficult this becom… 
sec. mattis has been a consistently good partner with congress in our mission to support our men and women in unifo… 
it is my belief that secretary mattis has consistently held the nation’s security, the modernization of our militar… 
the trump administration and republicans in congress have consistently proven they're opposed to expanding medicaid… 
climate skepticism will get us nowhere. climate change is exactly the problem created for american ingenuity to sol… 
 years until a planet-altering climate crisis becomes far more likely and the president is busy peddling climate… 
i am proud to receive a % score in the  congressional voting record for the th congress. now,… 
it was great to suit up and experience fire-fighting training demonstrations with  during national fire pr… 
this costly, abhorrent &amp; ineffective policy is un-american at its core. instead, the administration should work wit… 
the white house wants to try separating families again, only this time they're giving legally asylum-seeking famili… 
children don't belong in detention camps. they don't belong in immigration courts alone, too young to understand wh… 
 no matter where you were born, the color of your skin, the faith in your heart or who you love, you de… 
. signed the #matthewshepard act into law nearly  years ago, extending federal hate crime protections… 
the th anniversary of matthew shepard's death is a somber reminder of the many lives lost to senseless violence p… 
 : thank you  for welcoming  &amp; his team to mfri. congressman brown &amp; his team donned #mfris turnout…
it was great speaking with  and the team at  for their bipartisan backstory podcast. while i’ve… 
from day  my top priority has been to serve my constituents and fighting for maryland's families.  while we have s… 
 i'm proud that our work in congress has helped deliver more than $ million in important grant funding… 
buying a home is becoming more and more difficult. however, organizations like  and housing initiative… 
 :  headquarters, proud to partner with  for this important inclusion works breakfast with  https…
amb. nikki haley's resignation is another example of dysfunction in trump's washington, and how "america first" pol… 
 : there has been a rise in biased-related attacks since the election of  and african americans and other mar…
looking forward to discussing issues important to marylanders and families across the country 
 by scrapping the clean power plan and the paris climate agreement, the #toxictrump administration has given up… 
the  released a report put together by  scientists from  countries describing how our planet is hurtling tow… 
congress must play a role in modernizing the defense industry workforce, and my bill, the developing the national s… 
from gun safety to civil rights; anti-corruption and the vietnam war; not to mention on the chesapeake bay, metro,… 
joe was a hard-working, principled progressive with an unwavering moral compass. joe relished his reputation as mav… 
from his early days in the maryland house of delegates, to his youthful years as a kennedy-appointed united states… 
 : this is a difficult, painful day for millions of women and survivors of sexual assault and harassment everywhere.   whi…
i led a letter encouraging  to encourage free and fair elections in cameroon. we cannot step back from ou… 
 : congressman  shares vision of #purplelightnights 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
       this work is too imp… 
   but protecting victims isn't a partisan issue. together,… 
  i’m proud to cosponsor ’s gun violence restraining order act that would… 
  domestic violence does not discriminate. its impact is felt in every community, and… 
  it is up to us to ensure that no one who exhibits and is convicted of violent behav… 
 in congress, i introduced the protecting domestic violence and stalking victims act which would pre… 
when  people every minute suffer abuse at the hands of an intimate partner in the united states, there is always… 
october is #domesticviolenceawareness month, and stands as a reminder that millions of american women face domestic… 
if the trump administration wipes out protections for those with pre-existing conditions, , marylanders may n… 
 :  east district commander captain craig green and  were out last night to help raise aw…
these children -- no child -- should be kept in a detention camp in the middle of the desert. this is fundamentally… 
 : "to maintain our advantage in #space and #science, and keep our war-fighting edge, we need to invest in a diverse and young…
we must honor the victims of the las vegas shooting by being the change our country needs.  it happened one year ag… 
congress cannot sit by while donald trump expands his #cultureofcorruption. we don't have to let it continue. i'm p… 
 : yesterday, i had a valuable and productive meeting with a key group of members from the house. pleased to discuss critical is…
 : we believe dr. christine blasey ford.  we understand that today's hearing may be difficult for survivors. if you or som…
this is a moment when people around the country are hurting alongside dr. ford. millions of americans have experien… 
i stand with dr. #christineblasleyford, applaud her courage and demand my colleagues in the senate &amp; americans arou… 
 : while the deadline to reauthorize the violence against women act looms, republicans are busy forcing the #kavanaugh no…
 : the land and water conservation fund benefits us all. watch  explain how the fight to #savelwcf affects veterans…
it was great speaking with  chapter  today.  everyone who puts in the work should be able to go home to… 
 : the alternatives to detention act is a commonsense solution to trump's family separation crisis.  jailing children and…
 : reminder: the family separation crisis has always been one of the trump administration's own making.  it's the direct result of p…
the right to vote is no small thing. thousands of americans have fought and continue to fight to protect and expand… 
the alternatives to detention act is a commonsense solution to trump's family separation crisis.  jailing children… 
our #publiclands create thousands of jobs and millions of dollars for the outdoor recreation economy. the #lwcf pro… 
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
every family can have bad luck or hit a rough patch and need some help to get back on their feet.  immigrant famili… 
a modern #vawa would allow survivors to maintain stable housing and unemployment benefits. it would keep guns out o… 
while the deadline to reauthorize the violence against women act looms, republicans are busy forcing the #kavanaugh… 
rod rosenstein's firing imperils the muller investigation, which has produced numerous indictments and convictions.… 
we must give dr. ford a fair opportunity to tell her side of the story. america has failed to stand up for victims… 
dr. ford’s courageous decision to speak out is indivisible from the courage it takes for survivors of domestic viol… 
victims of sexual violence and domestic violence live a similar experience -- their lives are dominated by silence,… 
they are rarely listened to or taken seriously, and are often blamed for the violence they endure. my cousin cathy… 
through my work with domestic violence victims and my time spent on bills to prevent abusers from owning firearms,… 
i have long advocated for protecting victims of domestic violence and doing everything we can to punish perpetrator… 
the trump administration isn’t prioritizing americans. their only priority is their hard-line deportation agenda th… 
i'm praying for the victims and appreciate the work of maryland's first responders and federal authorities who are… 
 : please remember to follow us for official information. help us eliminate the rumors that are floating out there.
#hurricanemaria made landfall in #puertorico a year ago, yet too many families are still suffering. i haven't forgo… 
i am proud to join  and  to demand the president recognize the death toll in #puertorico a… 
my thoughts are with these two  officers and their families, and i am praying they make a full and quick r… 
we must close the pay gap with bills like the paycheck fairness act and bills that improve access to reproductive h… 
 : republicans in congress turned their back on #puertorico &amp; u.s. virgin islands following #hurricanemaria. we’re demanding they…
 : a reported  families are still waiting to be reunited since the administration separated them at the border. it's be…
wishing those in the u.s. and abroad who are celebrating #yomkippur a peaceful holiday and an easy fast.
 : in today’s edition of #wastedresources we’re exposing how republicans failed #puertorico following hurricane maria.  &amp; read h…
the trump administration wants to add the citizenship question to the census to harm communities of color. it's an… 
 : since #lwcf was established in  it has expanded access to our #publiclands &amp; protected +, special places across americ…
 : a tornado watch has been issued for parts of district of columbia, maryland and virginia until  pm edt …
this morning i spoke with leaders from across the country at 's progressive summit about the importance of ou… 
that's why i introduced the expanding access to the workforce through #dualenrollment act of . this bill will c… 
dual-enrollment makes college more affordable and increases the number of students pursuing higher-education. but n… 
this is a reality for far too many of america's teachers -- and on top of it, % of the . million public school… 
detaining immigrant children is abhorrent, expensive and un-american.  that's why i introduced the alternatives to… 
the number of immigrant children imprisoned by our government has grown from , to , in one year, and the t… 
 : yesterday,  associate administrator, glenn a. delgado presented at the  annual legislative conference  pan…
congratulations to , a fierce champion of women's reproductive rights and access to health care for all,… 
proud to be a member of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus. social security is an earned benefit that is critical to… 
 : says  at  : african american women are graduating in record numbers. we must focus on incr…
 : women earn more bachelor's degrees than men, yet a great disparity exists in certain fields, like the #stem industry. we…
 : says  at : it is estimated that the country will need m workers to meet the need in the #…
, american families are grieving and many can't afford to hold funerals for their loved ones.  this isn't a par… 
since sandy hook in december, , congress has observed over  moments of silence for victims of gun violence.… 
the white house must learn from mistakes in puerto rico and must get their priorities in order, or else americans w… 
president trump claimed success for his hurricane maria response -- , people died. now his administration has t… 
at the  annual conference this week. today i'm talking about the role small businesses play in dod's access… 
 : the trump administration shifted millions of dollars from fema and the us coast guard to ice even as hurricane season appr…
the trump administration took $ million from fema's response and recovery budget while the gulf and puerto rico a… 
 : the threat is increasing for potentially extreme and life-threatening flooding and other impacts for our region as #flore…
 : thank you  for joining us and  on a tour of the anacostia river to discuss the importance of…
i introduced the alternatives to detention act of  because america simply shouldn't be jailing children and sep… 
i'm thinking of all those who lost loved ones on /, and the first responders who still feel the effects of that… 
federal workers are engineers, researchers, regulators and law enforcement officials that keep our country running… 
all signs are pointing to a dangerous hurricane making landfall in the southeast or mid-atlantic. it's already been… 
 : nearly  million americans, including young children, elderly, veterans and those with disabilities, would become food…
happy rosh hashanah to all those celebrating around the country and across the globe. rejoice in the new year and m… 
nearly  million americans, including young children, elderly, veterans and those with disabilities, would become f… 
now the trump administration wants to increase this number of children, and detain them for longer. we can’t allow… 
 children are still in government detention -- some of whom are just toddlers -- traumatized every day by the pa… 
teacher's are underpaid, overworked and don't have the resources needed to ensure every child succeeds. many have t… 
 : the family detention crisis at the border isn’t over. let’s be clear on what’s happening here: the trump administration…
 : .: “the trump admin is fighting desperately for the ability to keep immigrant children in prison—including infa…
 : leading dem has introduced bill compelling gov't to release vulnerable migrant detainees, including kids, into proven alternati…
children shouldn't be detained in 'shelters.' period.  the administration wants to violate a court order and keep t… 
 : family detention is detrimental to kids.  the changes proposed by the administration would allow  to expand its fam…
 : . (d-md): “the trump administration is fighting desperately for the ability to keep immigrant children in…
that's why i've introduced the alternatives to detention act of  to compel the release vulnerable immigrants in… 
it doesn't have to be this way. there are effective alternatives that #keepfamiliestogether out of detention, and a… 
the trump administration is fighting desperately for the ability to keep immigrant children in prison – including i… 
 : thousands of americans lost everything as a result of the hurricanes in #puertorico &amp; #usvirginislands. it has been a year…
the trump administration ignored their own intelligence report so they could inflate the threat refugees pose to ou… 
it's absolutely imperative we #stopkavanaugh. the possibility of this long-time gop partisan and #aca opponent bein… 
proud to stand with        and… 
brett kavanaugh has long opposed the #aca, and today republicans are challenging the law in court. the #aca has giv… 
republicans are determined to scrap protections for  million americans with pre-existing conditions. they want t… 
 : trump's move to end a scheduled fed pay increase is cynical and another attack on federal employees. i joined …
 : i have a pre-existing condition, , as do more than , of my constituents.  we have to #stopkavana…
it's #backtoschool day in maryland, and it was great being back at barack obama elementary school.  nothing is beyo… 
the only crisis at the border is the family separation crisis the president created. members of the national guard… 
this #laborday, and every day, i stand with union workers around the country in the continuous pursuit of greater p… 
the #labor movement has brought working families a  hour work week, protections from discrimination or harassment… 
 : democrats &amp; republicans are coming together today to honor the life &amp; legacy of our friend &amp; colleague, . ta…
the trump administration is effectively trying to strip thousands of predominantly hispanic-americans of their citi… 
 : by doing this, the president is making his priorities abundantly clear. he won't hesitate to sign a tax bill that give…
 : after a court struck down his plan to weaken protections for federal workers, president trump is eliminating their %…
this month congress must come together to fund the government and keep it running. i will do everything i can to ur… 
by doing this, the president is making his priorities abundantly clear. he won't hesitate to sign a tax bill that g… 
after a court struck down his plan to weaken protections for federal workers, president trump is eliminating their… 
 : this is merely another example of the president's inability to admit his failures, his inability to empathize with ame…
this is merely another example of the president's inability to admit his failures, his inability to empathize with… 
the american people deserve transparency, and the trump administration is running scared. they created a crisis, ha… 
i wrote a letter to secs. nielsen and azar seeking more information on the well-being of separated immigrant childr… 
i have a pre-existing condition, , as do more than , of my constituents.  we have to… 
proud to join my colleague  and more than  other  to make it clear to sec. devos that… 
why does donald trump feel a need to hide behind executive privilege with regard to his meddling in the fbi hq proj… 
 years ago, martin luther king jr. shared his dream of a different america - an america where it didn't matter wh… 
from their response to #hurricanemaria to ethics issues in the white house, the administration refuses to give us a… 
 : great visit today from  to  capital region. thank you for your support and leadership! …
 : breaking: governor ricardo rossello has announced that he will sign an executive order to declare the island’s death toll…
this was the worst natural disaster in the u.s. in a century. this was an emergency the president labeled as 'not a… 
 :  thank you for standing with federal workers! #eohellno
trump wanted to say 'you're fired' to civil servants who do the hard work on behalf of all americans, but unions li… 
i fully support gsa and the fbi returning to its original plan to build a fully consolidated fbi headquarters at on… 
earlier this year congress did not fund trump’s plan, and now we need honest answers on a realistic way forward tha… 
the fbi requires a modern, consolidated and secure headquarters as a matter of national security. trump's plan to k… 
the oig’s review raises serious concerns that president trump has politicized this national security project in a w… 
the gsa oig's review of the revised plan for the fbi hq project confirms what i suspected: heavy-handed involvement… 
student loan debt is a huge problem that the trump administration is only making worse. they continue to sideline o… 
my sincerest condolences go out to cindy and the entire mccain family. john mccain will truly be missed. the public health risks associated with climate change are well-documented and alarming. our children deserve to br… 
i cosponsored the never again education act in order to give our teachers the resources and training they need to t… 
the devastating shooting at the tree of life synagogue is a painful reminder that anti-semitism is still an ugly re… 
happy #nationalcatday to my rescue cats, jeeps and peeps! 
unsurprisingly, a new  report reveals that agencies were ill-prepared to implement the admin’s “zero-toleranc… 
we cannot allow these horrific tragedies to continue. i urge my colleagues to take action and pass meaningful gun v… 
heartbroken and sickened by the shooting at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. this was a senseless hate cri… 
excited for the long-awaited santa ynez chumash museum and cultural center! the chumash have a rich history on the… 
i was a webelo scout when i was a young boy &amp; i’m grateful for what the  program taught me about leadersh… 
excited to see cambria scarecrow festival was included in a  article as one of their top  favorites… 
this policy punishes the legal immigrants who played by the rules &amp; are simply trying to provide for their families… 
yesterday was the th anniversary to the national marine sanctuaries act! we’re privileged to have the … 
made some new friends at ’s head start today! from early education to high quality care, head start g… 
i also want to recognize the employees with disabilities that contribute to offices in our community, including the… 
its national disability employment awareness month! recently, santa maria held their disability in employment award… 
, individuals on the central coast alone have a pre-existing condition and repeated attempts to undermine aca… 
i stopped by the county public health clinic in santa maria today for my flu shot! i encourage everyone to protect… 
this attack on our leaders and free press is absolutely unacceptable. regardless of how strongly we disagree, viole… 
i've cosponsored legislation to create a public option to compete with the private market to bring down insurance c… 
this new proposal makes it easier for states to roll back coverage requirements, including protections for those wi… 
the administration's plan to eliminate the 's office of science advisor (osa) undermines the agency's ability t… 
i continue to oppose discriminatory policies and urge my colleagues to pass the equality act, which ensures federal… 
.’ latest attack on lgbtq americans erases federal recognition of the trans community, making them susceptibl… 
today is the last day to register to vote in california! share this post with family and friends to spread the word… 
california’s #cleancar standards have served as an example for states aiming cut down on air pollution &amp; improve pu… 
i’ve joined my colleagues to urge secretary devos to take immediate action to correct the issue and take steps to p… 
many of our nation’s dedicated public servants - including our teachers, servicemembers, and first-responders - are… 
it is unacceptable that  in  girls experience sexual violence by the time they turn . i took the #girlstoo pled… 
are you or someone you know interested in attending a military service academy? i’m holding my annual academy night… 
until we talk about the role #climatechange plays, california's drought and wildfire seasons will only become more… 
california is still recovering from this year's devastating wildfires, which took dozens of lives and destroyed hun… 
less than one week left for californians to register to vote! share this post with family and friends to spread the… 
honored to receive a perfect score on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of lgbtq equality! i’m proud to… 
hoy a las  pm únanse en participar en un foro público sobre inmigración en el condado de santa bárbara con mi equi… 
join my staff today at pm at the santa barbara central library for a public forum to discuss immigration in santa… 
october is national domestic violence awareness month and it is an honor to be here with stand strong this evening… 
today is the first day of open enrollment in california! don’t delay, get yourself and your family covered today at .
from achievements in civil rights and the sciences, to serving our nation in the armed forces, latinos have played… 
as #hispanicheritagemonth comes to a close, join me in recognizing the contributions that latinos, like rudy from s… 
this week is national wildlife refuge week! celebrate by visiting the district’s own wildlife refuge, guadalupe-nip… 
one significant challenge our farmers face is a labor shortage that cost the central coast over $ million in lost… 
happy #nationalfarmerday! thank you to all the farmers and ranchers on the central coast who contribute to our worl… 
so excited that the newest combat ship is being named the uss santa barbara to reflect the role our community plays… 
great seeing everyone at the avocado festival in carpinteria last weekend! still thinking about the guacamole and a… 
the remembering our fallen memorial has been traveling along ca, ensuring the  california servicemembers who die… 
thrilled that santa barbara has been recognized by  again in this year’s traveler awards. proud to repre… 
waiving environmental regulations in order to build a costly and ineffective border wall is a waste of taxpayer dol… 
the cost of living adjustment is one of #socialsecurity’s most important protections, ensuring benefits keep up wit… 
please join me at pm tomorrow at the santa barbara courthouse for a community event &amp; speak out against plans to… 
. recently announced a plan that could determine whether or not to allow oil drilling &amp; fracking in our… 
it has become alarmingly clear that government inaction on #climatechange is putting our future at risk. the centra… 
the deadline for the congressional app challenge is less than ten days away! register online at… 
please join me in congratulating newly naturalized citizens on the central coast for their patriotic achievement! 
one policy on its own will not solve the problem. but the path to addressing climate change is through numerous sma… 
the trump admin’s report confirms that global temperatures are steadily rising &amp; instead of addressing the real thr… 
judge kavanaugh’s performance in front of the senate judiciary committee did not demonstrate the temperament of a s… 
i thank dr. blasey ford for her bravery in publicly reliving her traumatic assault. for too long, women’s stories h… 
it's unacceptable that servicemembers &amp; their families are living in military housing that exposes them to health h… 
i would not be where i am today without the support of teachers who believed in me and encouraged me to pursue my d… 
the tourism industry brought $. billion in revenue to the central coast last year &amp; supports over , jobs lo… 
you might hear sonic booms this weekend as a spacex rocket launches out of vandenberg afb &amp; makes the first-ever re… 
the report also confirmed what i heard first-hand at the tornillo detention facility. dhs regularly violated federa… 
’s own inspector general released a report detailing horrible mismanagement of trump’s "zero-tolerance polic… 
 years after #deepwaterhorizon killed  &amp; spilled m barrels of crude oil into the gulf, the admin is removing sa… 
congratulations to  on being one of just  california schools to receive the national blue ribbon awar… 
. will be conducting an test of the emergency alert system and wireless emergency alerts today at :am pst… 
the administration’s decision to deny visas to same-sex partners of u.n. diplomats is yet another attack on the lbg… 
#pasorobles produces some of the best wines in the world and is filled with great food, shops, and people – no surp… 
the / debris flow tragically took  lives &amp; destroyed hundreds of homes and businesses, leaving wounds that our… 
people of all incomes deserve access to a safe &amp; affordable place to call home. i’m fighting for federal resources… 
happy birthday to ! congratulations on  years of scientific advancements, pushing us to think bigger and rea… 
i introduced the gun violence restraining order act last year, to give law enforcement a tool to temporarily remove… 
 year ago, a gunman killed  people in the deadliest mass shooting in american history. we must honor the victims… 
the latino community has played a pivotal role in moving our nation forward. this #hispanicheritagemonth month, i'm… 
on #goldstarmothersday, we honor the mothers who lost a son or daughter in service to our nation. i offer them comf… 
saddened by the passing bill denneen of nipomo. bill’s service to our country, fierce pursuit of eco-justice, &amp; his… 
i’m a cosponsor of the retirement enhancement and savings act, a *bipartisan* fix that would effectively tackle the… 
studies have shown that plans like their ill-conceived “universal savings account” don’t work, and can even put ret… 
yesterday, the house passed the so-called “family savings act,” an ill-conceived tax cut that does nothing to impro… 
the house gop just passed another corporate tax cut that balloons our deficit at the expense of working-class ameri… 
the senate should not hold a vote to confirm judge kavanaugh until we have all the facts. i have written to my coll… 
thousands of central coast residents depend on public transportation to get to work &amp; school every day. happy to an… 
the section  waitlist will open for the city of santa barbara on october st through october st. learn how to su… 
despite multiple serious allegations of sexual assault against judge kavanaugh, the senate is still rushing through… 
great meeting with the california avocado commission to discuss issues impacting central coast agriculture includin… 
this week,  is planning to pass yet another corporate tax break that will drive up our national deficits b… 
this week, i wrote to the appropriations committee, urging them to include language in this year's spending bill th… 
in , the refugio oil spill in santa barbara raised questions about 's ability to properly enforce ove… 
our democracy is stronger when every american exercises their right to vote. it is not only our civic duty, but als… 
the day i became an american citizen was one of the proudest moments of my life. it was an honor to celebrate this… 
reauthorizing #lwcf is a no brainer - it costs the american taxpayer nothing and protects our treasured… 
honored to join the housing authority of the county of santa barbara to break ground on a new -unit affordable ho… 
celebrate #nationalpubliclandsday today by paying a visit to your local national park! free admission to all the na… 
#latinos have fought for our nation’s freedom, championed the rights of workers, and advanced science and innovatio… 
thanks to , nearly  students on the central coast will get hands-on stem education at the ! lear… 
glad your family enjoyed it! our libraries play such an important role in bringing families and communities togethe… 
last year, i introduced the gun violence restraining order act, which incentivizes other states that want to follow… 
in ca, gun violence restraining orders have given law enforcement a tool to stop a crisis before it happens. we mus… 
. helped improve our school nutrition standards &amp; encourage americans to make healthy life choices. g… 
i will continue working to secure federal resources to further offset economic impact of #diablocanyon decommission… 
these resources are critical in preparing our community for #diablocanyon closure by retraining the local skilled w… 
thank you  for signing sb  into law today. grateful to  &amp;  for their t… 
great to meet students at anacapa school in santa barbara today &amp; talk to them about the importance of education. w… 
 : “we had help that day” — tammie jo   is considering single pilot cockpits for cargo planes. this would be disastrous.…
after the thomas fire &amp; / debris flow exposed shortcomings in the wea system, i wrote to the  &amp;  urging… 
. will be conducting an test of the emergency alert system and wireless emergency alerts on october rd at :… 
carrizo plain is one of the hidden gems of the central coast &amp; the same can be said for the grand staircase-escalan… 
wishing an easy fast to all those observing #yomkippur on the central coast. g’mar chatima tova! 
with this challenge comes an opportunity to designate the central coast a renewable energy hub.   i introduced the… 
one of my priorities is securing federal resources to mitigate the impact of diablo canyon nuclear power plant’s cl… 
the violence against women act has helped combat sexual assault, domestic violence &amp; stalking that disturbingly aff… 
congratulations to  for being named the best public-master's university in california by  for the se… 
given credible &amp; disturbing allegations against judge kavanaugh, the senate must delay the confirmation vote until… 
the newest gop tax plan is more of the same: a massive tax cut for the wealthiest % of americans at the expense of… 
as we restore dilapidated infrastructure, we have the opportunity to spur innovation to increase water use efficien… 
today, i joined a bipartisan group of colleagues to pass the america’s water infrastructure act, which ensures our… 
too often, the pain individuals experience are unseen &amp; it is important we provide those w/ mental health illnesses… 
social security works &amp; has helped keep millions of vulnerable older americans out of poverty. i’m fighting to bols… 
rather than offering support to the families of hurricane maria victims as they continue to rebuild and recover,… 
at a time when women &amp; working families’ access to health care is under unprecedented attack, i am grateful that… 
thanks to ’s leadership, ca is well on the way to % clean energy by ! ca has always led the wa… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. htt…
on average, we lose  veterans to suicide every day.  this is unacceptable, &amp; why  &amp; i introduced legis… 
after the #thomasfire &amp; / debris flow, the central coast knows how crucial  resources are getting residents… 
a cdc report shows suicide increasing in some states by as much as %. the #nspl is a dedicated call center that p… 
 yrs ago hateful acts took the lives of nearly , americans. even in our nation's darkest hours, we showed the… 
that's why i joined my republican colleague  to introduce the warrior wellness act, which improves the m… 
too often, our veterans return home with untreated mental health conditions related to their service.   nearly %… 
excited, but not surprised, that  is now ranked in the top  public universities in the nation by… 
the snap program has helped make sure thousands of central coast families have full, healthy meals. i will keep fig… 
shana tova to all those on the central coast who are celebrating #roshhashanah tonight! 
i will continue to push for legislation to improve oil and gas pipeline safety and monitoring, &amp; to reduce our depe… 
it is imperative that those responsible for endangering our environment, coastal economy, &amp; public health are held… 
calling all central coast middle and high school student coders! join the  congressional app challenge today &amp;… 
i viewed a demo flight of ’s black hornet , the world’s smallest military drone. these nanodrones have immens… 
the window for the public to comment on the proposal closes tomorrow. submit your comment here: 
the  is exploring a proposal to expand lands eligible for fracking along the central coast in yet anoth… 
reminder that this administration is still doing everything within its power to indefinitely detain immigrant child… 
the support and sacrifices of military spouses help keep our country safe and i’m thankful for their service too. t… 
i urge my senate colleagues to oppose his confirmation &amp; suspend hearings until we can review the thousands of miss… 
today, i watched judge kavanaugh defend his long track record working to dismantle roe v. wade &amp; promote access to… 
america’s economy is at its strongest when our workers have the rights &amp; working conditions they deserve. this… 
we also met with several first generation college students at the opening new doors to accelerating success (ondas)… 
on the house armed services committee,  &amp; i work to secure funding for military-educational partnership… 
. served in the  so i was proud to show him our very own vandenberg air force base, the home… 
last year, i joined sen. mccain in vietnam to learn about his experiences as a pow &amp; the incredible sacrifices he m… 
. &amp; i visited morro rock, which is preserved w/ the help of the , one of  national progra… 
the central coast’s amazing weather &amp; chalky soil is the perfect environment for growing olives, which has led to a… 
the central coast &amp; omaha have a lot in common, including vibrant agricultural industries. ca produces % of us wi… 
the threat of cyber-attacks is looming &amp; it's critical that our military have the training &amp; resources to combat th… 
last may, i had the opportunity to visit  in his district in omaha, nebraska and now i’m excited to hav… 
small businesses are the backbone of america’s economy. i enjoyed exploring the small businesses of omaha with… 
i joined my colleagues on the problem solvers caucus to introduce the "break the gridlock" package, a set of change… 
the current house rules promote extreme partisanship, often forcing speakers to sideline bipartisan proposals in or… 
ca is already facing the devastating effects of #climatechange. we must seek solutions &amp; prepare for future challen… 
 :  local residents on a boardwalk stroll to  as they walked past his #savelwcf tour of carpinteria stat…
our public lands are meant for everyone to enjoy. congress must work to #savelwcf by september th &amp; keep public p… 
the #lwcf was instrumental in helping to build and enhance carpinteria state beach – including its picturesque bluf… 
sector superintendent tyson butzke demonstrates the important role #lwcf sites play for children’s conservation edu… 
paul, the owner of carpinteria’s island brewing co., tells me that the carpinteria state beach helps drive local bu… 
joining  &amp;  to tour carpinteria state park and discuss how we can #savelwcf! follow along at… 
 : happening soon: we’re joining  to tour carpinteria state park to talk about how we can #savelwcf! tune in at http…
i was humbled to join sen. mccain on an armed services committee visit to hanoi, vietnam &amp; learn about his experien… 
saddened to hear of the passing of senator john mccain. his service, courage, and leadership in the military and as… 
happy birthday to the ! for  years, the nps has protected our nation's parks, so they can be enj… 
the ’s proposed rollback of chemical facility standards prioritizes polluters over the safety of workers, first… 
poor road conditions burden drivers with unnecessary costs &amp; puts their safety at risk.   i wrote to  in supp… 
first responders put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe. quick access to information is critical… 
i visited the los osos south bay fire station to discuss their community fire plan &amp; thank them for their service t… 
after the #thomasfire &amp; / debris flow,  provided nearly $ million in low interest loans for families &amp; bu… 
our schools are already cash-strapped, forcing teachers to pay out of pocket for essentials. now,  wan… 
ucsb is a proven leader in innovation &amp; a breeding ground for successful new startups. for proof, look no further t… 
yesterday, i visited my alma mater to learn more about how the university-industry partnerships at … 
this week, the trump administration unveiled the replacement for president obama’s #cleanpowerplan. the new plan fa… 
a recent study found that  percent of tested schools have lead in their drinking water. this is a threat to our c… 
grateful for the work being done by the meals that connect program, which provides a free &amp; nutritious lunch to sen… 
thankful for the work of  officials and the hundreds of fire personnel working to combat the #frontfire… 
honored to present  w/ the woman of the year award this week. as an anchor and reporter for keyt, her n… 
congratulations to all the students preparing for college this month!   the higher education act passed  yrs ago… 
rent in ca &amp; across the nation has skyrocketed, making it harder for working families to afford housing on the cent… 
a #freepress is essential to preserving a successful &amp; thriving democracy. i’m thankful for the work of our local r… 
until we tackle the reality of #climatechange head-on, california's wildfire seasons will only become more devastat… 
 years ago, the #socialsecurityact was signed into law, providing stability &amp; security for americans. today,  m… 
our next #scotus justice will decide the constitutionality of ' extreme immigration policies. kavanaugh's rec… 
today,  signed into law the #ndaa, which includes my amendments to help designate the #centralcoast as a cybe… 
excited to see christopher and his new mobile unit at the annual veterans breakfast next week!   rsvp for the veter… 
congratulations to san luis obispo county veterans service officer, christopher lopez, on finishing his homemade so… 
federal assistance in the wake of the disaster was critical to getting central coast families back on their feet. t… 
less than a year after the thomas fire tore through the central coast, the #mendocinocomplex fire has replaced it a… 
due to dry vegetation and increasing fire danger, there are additional fire restrictions in place in the… 
today is national #purpleheartday, a time for us to honor the nation’s soldiers who were injured in the line of ser… 
este  de agosto un juez federal decidirá el futuro de daca, es por eso que se recomienda a todos los beneficiados… 
here we go again. instead of offering support for wildfire victims or encouragement to our first-responders, … 
 : due to the vegetation fire in southern monterey county #turkeyic - residents throughout northern san luis obispo county ma…
an approaching daca ruling on august th could prevent daca recipients from applying for a renewal. if you have les… 
the #votingrightsact was signed into law  yrs ago, but we're still a long way from ensuring every american can ex… 
an excessive heat warning in effect through tuesday evening. be sure to drink plenty of water and take appropriate… 
mustangs have had their eyes &amp; cube satellites turned toward the stars for years. and now  alumnus, victor… 
. this statement misses the point. we cannot continue to ignore the impacts of climate change w/ ba… 
at a time when our central coast ranchers, farmers and vintners are facing a significant labor shortage and a histo…   icymi: #amendment 
join me on october  for a small business roundtable with . this is a great opportunity for small business o… 
 : 'we grow the best cannabis in the world': , a democratic congressman from california, says canadians will be…
very happy to announce my bill to name the u.s. post office on n. tustin street in #orange after local #hero army s… 
🚨🚨🚨 
happy to join  &amp;  in introducing the bipartisan marijuana data collection act! learning wha… 
i’m here with  meeting with   to get answers on #separatingfamilies… 
our #veterans need us to do better for them, and  will be looking to sec. wilkie to get it done. let’s get to work.
a: every child has a right to their childhood. understanding what these children are going through is critical to… 
small businesses create jobs for #usa and are the gateway to the american dream. i am proud to work with  to… 
i’m joining my colleagues as we celebrate the th anniversary of the first women’s rights convention at seneca fa… 
“papa, i thought they killed you. you separated from me. you don’t love me anymore?” this is what a  year old told… 
my bill to name a post office in orange after local hero spc. trevor win'e passed the house. we are one step closer… 
thank you  for joining me tonight to speak up for separated families. #familiesbelongtogether 
president trump's trade war is costing americans their jobs. -&gt; 
’s #scotus nominee is responsible for interpreting the constitution &amp; the laws of our nation. i hope he will… 
if  doesn’t even know how many separated children they have in their custody, how can they ever hope to reun… 
happy th of july! 
thank you     for joining me last week in calling for an imme… 
 we need hearings on how  plans to reunite children with their parents. 
when  takes funding from the  and gives it to , it means more drugs on our streets. wan… 
religious freedom and inclusion are the cornerstones of #usa. as a nation of immigrants, we must support all immigr… 
🚨🚨#scotus has upheld the #muslimban.🚨🚨 this makes my bill (the dire legal aid act) even more important! immigrants… 
icymi: after  years, #congress finally passed legislation to help #bluewater  vietnam veterans! watch my f… 
 but do you know where their parents are!? 
  
 &amp;  separated ,+ children from their parents with zero plan to return them. i am lea… 
 : the  administration has a moral obligation to reunite the children with their parents. i joined  #de…
 : my colleagues &amp; i demanded dhs &amp; hhs igs immediately investigate how the agencies are keeping track of children separated…
 : i’ve joined  to demand whether dhs and hhs have a plan to reunite separated children with their parents.…
 : proud to stand with  and my fellow democrats. we cannot allow the trump administration's inhumane family se…
 : we will not let up, we will not be silent, we will reconnect these children with their parents, and we will not fail.…
i am leading  #democrats in demanding answers from  &amp; . dhs+hhs inspectors general must immediatel… 
😥😭 👉🏽 
the #immigration bills on the floor today do not help #dreamers and do not help #seperatedfamilies. we need a real… 
my heart is broken thinking of the ,+ children who may never see their parents again.  must explain… 
 has ended his inhumane policy of ripping children from their families.  tell me... how… 
we’ve learned some parents are being deported without being reunited with their children. there is a grave risk tha… 
i am demanding  &amp;  explain how they plan to return the , children they have separated from th… 
 : fact check: seeking asylum is not illegal: it is written into our laws to help those living in fear. there is little frau…
after ’s wh press briefing it has become clear to me that  is unable to answer basic questions ab… 
 wants to change the rules. now they want to hold children indefinitely. #thisisnotamerica 
 : currently, the trump administration is arguing that its family-separation policy:  - is a deterrent  - is biblically compl…
 glad to hear this was all just a misunderstanding, . tragically, it would seem that the rest… 
 : protests outside the ice detention center in elizabeth continue to swell as i and my house colleagues tour the facility.…
 : a grandmother was separated from her disabled grandson after seeking asylum at a port of entry. that calls into question…
 : here are photos of the tent city near el paso that is housing immigrant children separated from their parents. photos by…
 : the law in no way compels family separation. they are choosing to do this. 
why wasn’t  at my special order last night? he agrees with us. 👉🏽  #familiesbelongtogether
thank you rep.  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us that the moral compas… 
thank you rep.  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us punishing refugees is… 
thank you rep.  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us that the president’s adm… 
thank you rep.  for speaking out against separating children and sharing your first hand account of wha… 
thank you rep.  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us that the inscription o… 
thank you  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us refugees take great risk to fin… 
thank you   for speaking out against separating children and reminding us what every parent already… 
thank you  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us to ”love thy neighbor” no matter where they are from.
thank you  for speaking out against separating children and reminding us the world is watching.
thank you  for speaking out against separating children. you’re right. breaking up families isn’t the #american way.
thank you  for speaking out against separating children and helping us understand asylum is legal.
i’m on the house floor—with many of my colleagues—speaking up for separated children. watch it live here: 
 : forcibly separating children from their parents will not only leave a scar on those children for the rest of their lives…
i’m here at  talking about how important trade is with our southern neighbor. #mexico is # in #usa… 
tomorrow night i am leading my colleagues in standing up for the hundreds of immigrant children separated from thei… 
families escaping domestic and gang violence need our help, but ag sessions just condemned them. if escaping violen… 
 : ¿qué ocultan los que administran los centros de detención para inmigrantes? ¿por qué se le prohibió el ingreso a un ce…
today, i joined my friend and colleague  for a #daca update on our work to force a vote on… 
when a migrant child—escaping extreme #violence—makes it to our borders they should not be torn away from their mot… 
 : if you or someone you know is a #veteran in crisis, you can call --- &amp; press , chat online at …
tonight i met with  foreign minister kono. #japan is a friend and vital trading partner for #ca and #usa… 
 : “our veterans deserve better, and what our veterans deserve is research,” says   …
on the th anniversary of d-day, we remember the bravery and patriotism of america's greatest generation. 
i’m hosting a #citizenship fair this weekend at . get help applying for #usa citizenship! visit the… 
 : house to debate  military construction/va spending bill next week.  (d-ca) filed amdt in rules to prohibi…
watch rep. correa on the house floor now! 
 : i would like to offer a special thanks to  &amp;  for their leadership on this issue. #veterans have…
wow! get this.  
 : hearing on , homeland security, and the budget with the secretary is about to begin . video &amp; more…
 : i'm proud to introduce the #bipartisan va medicinal cannabis research act of  alongside  &amp; . the…
proud to join  in introducing legislation to help struggling &amp; #homeless #veterans get back on their f… 
 : hearing on  headquarters project at st elizabeths just began with . video &amp; more info--------&gt; https:…
() …&amp; protect our residents. if  wants to truly help make our communities safer, let’s work on com… 
() the federal government has been in paralysis on immigration reform for years. when the federal government fails… 
 i had the honor of meeting transgender soldier . she served our country in seal team six.… 
deeply saddened to learn of nancy mcfadden’s passing. it was an honor to work with her throughout my time in sacram… 
 : . thank you for supporting #servicedogs &amp; #veterans     
throughout our the #usa, #students are standing up and walking out of their #classrooms demanding #action. i'm glad… 
   &amp; i sent a letter to  demanding he stop disrespecting… 
ag sessions and  cannot continue to disrespect #ca. i am proud to join … 
 indiscriminate and aggressive raids throughout #california make californians less safe. i joined… 
 : selena. dolores huerta. celia cruz. antonia novello. rita moreno.   , ,  want co…
 : excited to host titan alum ’s young congressional leaders program this morning with a focus on higher educ…
 : as one of the only latinos in the senate, &amp; the first latina, i take pride in introducing a resolution with …
we honor #latinas for their unique contributions to #usa. i am honored to be joined by  in introduci… 
today  &amp; i celebrate #latinas. read more —&gt;&gt;&gt;  #internationalwomensday… 
in honor of #internationalwomensday  &amp; i are introducing the first #congressional resolution during… 
 : our joint hearing on #cybersecurity workforce is about to begin with  &amp; . video &amp; more info-----…
 : hearing on contractor vetting at  just began with . video &amp; more info-----&gt; 
in #california, #dreamers pay $ million in state taxes &amp; $ billion to our economy. that’s why i sent a letter… 
i am deeply disappointed by the senate’s failure to reach a bipartisan and fair agreement for #dreamers. the fight… 
more than half of #usa lives in a state with #legal #cannabis. to protect these americans, … 
my prayers are with the families. as a parent, i cannot imagine the pain and fear they are going through. this is a tragic moment.
   maybe  could use some motivation. —&gt; 
if we’re going to hold a #militaryparade, let’s hold it for our #veterans
 : thank you , , , and  for joining me in this effort to address the…
because of  &amp;  exclusive reporting i’m calling on the  to stop wasting… 
transparency is essential to our #democracy, as is trust and faith in our institutions. if sensitive information is… 
 : ., you said you'd "take care of our veterans like they've never been taken care of before."  yet, you haven…
it’s unacceptable our #oef #oif #ond #warfighters still can’t get adequate #mentalhealthcare. my colleagues and i o… 
usarmy staff sergeant justin peck. a bronze star isn’t enough for the #bravery you showed. you are a true #hero.
our men and women in #uniform are in #danger because of your #careless #diplomacy. invest in our !
more than , #veterans are addicted to #opioids. we must do everything to #help them.
 and your colleagues are minimizing the urgency of passing a #dreamact! every day  #dreamers lose #legal #status. #sotu
breaking up #families is not acceptable. abandoning family to come to #america is a terrible way to bring new talen… 
#dreamers should not have to wait  years to become #citizens. let’s not forget that most came to #usa as infants. #sotu
 your executive order made young men and women live in fear of #deportation from their home, and th… 
we need to #protect #hardworking #immigrants. we are a nation built on #diversity. #sotu
the  is underfunded,  says a wall won’t work,   reports a majority of undoc immigrants ar… 
immigrants help boost our #economy &amp; bring #innovation. expelling them only hurts #usa. #sotu
 has purposed a $. trillion infrastructure plan. we need more details, but a good #first step.… 
if  is serious about investing $. trillion into #usa #infrastructure, creating countless good pay… 
i came to #congress to #work across the aisle. i hope my colleagues are #serious about investing $ trillion in our… 
funding our #military is imperative, but so is taking care of our #veterans. #sotu
every service men and women deserves proper #medical care and #benefits once they return #home. invest in #veterans. #sotu
 praises our #military but cuts programs #veterans depend on. both are #important. #sotu
the #americandream depends on a #strong foundation — good #jobs. affordable #education. robust #infrastructure. #sotu
the road to the #middleclass is paved on a #strong foundation — good #jobs. affordable #education. robust… 
talk to anyone in my district. we need #jobs. we need #education. we need #infrastructure. everything else depends… 
#unemployment is down and the stock market is up, but folks still aren’t feeling the economic boom in their… 
jobs. #jobs. jobs. #unemployment may be down, but folks still #struggle. we must do everything we can to help… 
 : leslie is a dreamer from ca and a guest of  at #sotu. thank you congressman for standing #withdreamers. #protectdr…
 : uci freshman chemistry student &amp; #daca recipient leslie martinez will join  as his guest at tonight's #sotu urge…
 : happy birthday to my friend, . thank you for your work as ranking member of the ' subcommittee on…
thank you to everyone who came out to my #openhouse tonight!
i’m here at my #openhouse listening to questions from my #constituents. real solutions start in rooms like this. 
i’m #proud of these young students. attending one of our nation’s #service #academies is an #honorable undertaking.… 
my #openhouse is underway. we’re starting the evening by #honoring our #flag and the brave men and women who… 
less than  hours until my #santaana office open house! hope to see you all there! 
to #dreamers, don’t give up. don’t give up #hope. lot’s of rounds left in this fight.
every day our #government is shutdown over $ billion is lost. our economy needs congress to work together and pass… 
today, ,+ government employees are staying home. that’s money out of their pocket and out of our #economy. #endtheshutdown
i am #fighting for the rights of my #constituents, because they deserve #better than this. #endtheshutdown
still here waiting for  to come up with a #betterdeal that includes #dreamers, community health centers, and our #military.
americans deserve the best from their representatives. i won’t stop #fighting until my constituent voices are heard… 
if the majority truly cared about #fiscal responsibility, they would work with  on a long-term #bipartisan solutions.
in september i voted for a continuing resolution, along with all  &amp; many #gop. we have had four crs.… 
i’m still in the capitol fighting for a reasonable #bipartisan solution that will reopen the #government and help o… 
lou correa esta aquí para trabajar 💪🏾 
estoy aquí para trabajar para ti. es hora de volver a abrir el #gobierno. por ahora, aprende cómo el cierre del gob… 
government may be #shutdown. but i’m here in washington working for my constituents. 
our #government is #shutdown because we can’t work across the aisle. the #american people expect us to work togethe… 
i’ll be on  this sunday to talk about #dreameers. tune in. 
i’m calling on   to block all  nominations until agsessions reinstates… 
#congress continues to pass the buck. we need a budget, not a th cr. #government cannot continue to run on backroo… 
our #military, our country, and our #dreamers cannot continue to live in uncertainty of what will happen a month do… 
“it is time that we address #cannabis as adults. millions of #americans legally use cannabis products. there is no… 
 : this is what  told me after the congressional  met with the president's chief of staff to di…
i’m honored to join college presidents and education leaders in declaring that #dreamers are students. they are our… 
#agsessions -&gt; common sense for #daca means following the u.s. district court’s decision.  ag sessio… 
calling on all #california members to sign onto my letter asking senators  and  to block… 
#fisa can do a better job in protecting americans, which is why i voted "no" alongside many of my democratic and republican colleagues.
it's good that mental #health services are being expanded for our #veterans', but we need to make sure our veterans… 
i hope the white house daca meeting with congress is not just for show. , lives are in the balance and so is… 
 : ed royce, longtime o.c. congressman, plans to retire  
p.s. , will the federal gov’t still accept federal tax payments from #cannabis sales proceeds? #marijuana #thursdaythoughts
amazing news. deported  #veteran marco chavez can finally come home. 
as the fifth largest economy in the world, #californians need federal tax policy that creates #jobs, empowers our l… 
i am disappointed that the  has undone current #netneutrality protections. it is clear that #americans from all… 
there is a final agreement on the tax bill. now it’s time to see what’s in it and hope it’s good for california.
i am deeply saddened by the unexpected news of mayor ed lee’s passing. my condolences to his family and friends in this challenging time.
 : the fact  &amp;  planned to move money from a program that helped reduce the number of homeless #vet…
our #police officers oppose concealed carry reciprocity. i voted with our public safety officers and to keep our st… 
i am a strong supporter of israel, but in the interest of #peace, i currently do not support moving the us embassy… 
although i’m not a supporter of many of ’s policies, i do not support impeaching  at this tim… 
i introduced the dire legal aid act when the #travelban was first introduced to give those trapped in our legal sys… 
a lost life is a lost life. every american lost to any terror attack — whether domestic or international — is a nat… 
 is holding a hearing on global #terror #threats. ill be asking  &amp;  for answers on the… 
when it comes to tax policy, our goal should be simplifying taxes, creating jobs, and helping main street. unfortun… 
 : watch now: my press conference with  &amp;  featuring first-hand stories from children, parents, v…
#veterans represent the best of america. this country promises every soldier that we’ll have their back. their miss… 
the united states will always stand firm against those who would wish us harm. acts of terror will never break us. - 
tragedy reported in #nyc. news to follow. 
 : that’s right, it’s time  research the benefits of #medicalmarijuana for #veterans suffering from #ptsd &amp;…
watch the committee hearing at  where we learn more about how to protect #usa largest seaport. 
 : tune in  pm est → field hearing at  to examine physical security and cybersecurity at our nation's ports http…
    we’re  the  learning about the unique #security… 
 hey  i have a town hall tonight  sycamore junior high  -pm. check my facebook for future… 
   and i learning about the  
i’ll be touring  w/   &amp;  to learn how we can ensure #security at… 
we need better treatment for #chronicpain. #veterans want #medicalmarijuana  needs a clinical study 
talked to    about the importance of #medicalmarijuana to combat #opioidcrisis amongst #veterans. 
open enrollment starts in one week! choose a plan that works best for you &amp; your family &amp; #getcovered.… 
 : update: anaheim residents will be able to return to evacuated homes at  p.m.  #canyonfire
 : #canyonfire shelter  katella high school closing   pm today. el modena high school in orange will remain open …
 :  following schools will remain closed tomorrow, wed. /:anaheim hills, canyon rim, chapman hills, linda…
 :  all other schools in orange unified school district will remain open tomorrow. pls reference …
**update** #canyonfire 
residents can call these numbers for information. #canyonfire 
 thank you to our firefighters for protecting lives and homes. #canyonfire
 : updated phone number for   () -.  an honor to meet with  ceo and  businesswoman of the year honoree lariana forsythe – thank you for a… 
reminder: are you covered for ? health insurance #openenrollment starts in  days, and the #aca #marketplace is… 
one week left to early vote! beat the lines on election day by voting at any of pinellas’ five early voting locatio… 
heartbroken to hear of the loss of life in pennsylvania today. we are praying for their loved ones, those injured,… 
thanks to all the pinellas anglers participating in today’s ghost trap rodeo — using their skills to keep our water… 
thanks to goodwill suncoast freedom village for helping all our pinellas neighbors have the opportunity for a safe… 
impoant reminder: early voting has started in pinellas! go to any of the county’s five early voting locations fro… 
thanks to everyone who took part in our   – pinellas students using their coding skills to bett… 
come out to  today at pm to show your support for local #stem students and their work to help us better serv… 
we should be working to strengthen, not take away, peoples’ rights. the trans community #wontbeerased.… 
be there to cheer on tomorrow’s next great coders at our  finals! we'll be in the lowell e. davis h… 
#fl  apps are designed to help local veterans navigate the services available in pinellas county.… 
attention pinellas’ veterans community! join us tomorrow at pm  for our #fl   finals!… 
#thing that can help stop the cycle of domestic violence is increasing access to #safehousing for survivors. this… 
honored to visit this morning with future leaders of our community and country! missed today’s #serviceacademy info… 
honored to receive an % from  for our shared commitment to moving #equalityforward! no one should be discrim… 
#fbf: powerful discussion on chain reaction of kindness this past month with our civility caucus – one good deed in… 
encourage any floridian deceived by marlin financial to make their voices heard. submit a complaint here: .
cfpb announces review of marlin financial’s wrong-doing. thanks to  for shining a light on this issue! 
reminder: our service academy info session is this saturday (oct. ) – come speak to representatives from all five… 
startling report from  last week on intensifying effects of climate change. we are ground zero threat in pi… 
thanks to glen oaks health and rehabilitation center staff and residents for the warm welcome – helping folks on th… 
flood mitigation = stronger communities &amp; lower flood insurance premiums. win-win for pinellas families! 
joined w/ fl partners and environmental champions  and  to discuss #redtide mitigation w… 
grateful for strong partnership with  officials and indian shores leaders to strengthen our beaches. shor… 
standing with florida gulf coast business coalition against offshore oil drilling – pinellas’ business community de… 
proud to receive % from  for shared commitment to protecting and empowering women and families. t… 
heartened to see  considering measures similar to our bipartisan woof act to crack down on puppy mills and sto… 
proud of st. pete – my hometown – for their well-deserved % score on ’s index of #lgbtq inclusive cities.… 
pinellas artistry and creativity on full display at shine mural festival in st. petersburg! 
our community gathered this morning at poynter park for the walk to #endalz. thanks to all the amazing… 
#fbf recently arranged meeting with  officials in dc to discuss algal bloom research, exploring funding needs… 
cost should never be a barrier to #earlydetection. during #breastcancerawarenessmonth check if you qualify for the… 
inspired by yesterday’s visit to  – helping wounded warriors on the path to recovery. 
 : pinellas county remains under a tropical storm watch and a storm surge watch. above normal tides could reach  to  fee…
 : the next high tide is : p.m. neighborhoods near water will see street flooding. driving in high water is dangerous and cos…
message from  (/): check in with the  safe &amp; well site to check in and find missing individuals. sh… 
message from  (/): text, don’t call.  during an emergency, phones lines may be overwhelmed.  to let your lov… 
message from  (/): let first responders do their job.  stay off the roads, beaches, and waterways. use vhf c… 
message from  (/):  stay safe.  if you are in an area experiencing storm surge or high winds, stay indoors u… 
. has information &amp; resources to help keep friends and family informed, connected, and safe during… 
our thoughts are with those in the path of #hurricanemichael. while pinellas is not in its direct path, a category… 
. app has helpful information for before, during, and after a storm all in one place, helping you get prepared… 
#beinformed as conditions can change quickly. 
important weather update from  &amp; reminder of  and  numbers to call if you lose… 
now is the time to get your family and home #hurricaneready. lots of helpful tips and reminders from  
stay connected, stay informed, stay safe. 
with #hurricanemichael approaching florida, residents should closely follow local official's updates and directions… 
could not be more proud of pinellas cities for signing on to tampa bay regional resiliency coalition - making commi… 
celebrating  th home dedication - thank you for all you do to help pinellas' families achieve th… 
proud to stand with our vibrant pinellas #lgbtq community at  – recognizing tremendous courage and im… 
want to learn how to access your benefits but can’t make it to today’s workshop? tune in live   on my facebook p… 
reminder: our seniors benefits workshop is am tomorrow at the pinellas park senior center – bring a friend and an… 
thanks to the folks at  city hall for sitting down to talk about all the great things happening in our sun… 
a privilege to help honor pinellas county community leaders at last night’s  pacesetter awards in clearwater. t… 
breaking news:  joining the careersource investigation. welcome their involvement;  protecting taxpayer dollars… 
new hq &amp;  more jobs -- upc insurance, welcome to the block! 
sat down last week with sade reed of  to discuss issues impacting working families across florida. proud t… 
honored to take part in #nationalcoffeewithacopday . when we build relationships between local law enforcement and… 
 : overturning safety rules put in place after the massive #deepwaterhorizon oil spill is another bad  idea. …
 : #safecoastact would overturn this administration's actions that weaken safety rules implemented after #deepwaterhorizon. c…
 : to benefit the oil &amp; gas lobby, the trump admin wants to undermine worker safety &amp; environmental rules put in place aft…
 : the trump administration wants to gut safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. they may have forgotten its…
#safecoastact is a boon to florida’s workers, environment, and coastal economies – mandating safer working conditio… 
 : #safecoastact would overturn administration actions weakening safety rules put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. congress must…
 : i haven't forgotten the devastation caused by deepwater horizon, but it seems like trump and his cronies have. the #sa…
 : the  trump  administration  wants  to  gut  safety  regulations  put  in  place after #deepwaterhorizon. they  may  hav…
florida hasn’t forgotten the effects of #deepwaterhorizon to our environment and coastal communities. the administr… 
 : the trump administration wants to gut oil &amp; gas safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. trump may have f…
 :  years after #deepwaterhorizon killed  &amp; spilled m barrels of crude oil into the gulf, the admin is removing safety st…
 : the trump administration wants to gut safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. they may have forgotten i…
 : the trump administration wants to gut safety regulations put in place after #deepwaterhorizon. they may have forgotten its…
 : loosening offshore-drilling safety regulations increases the risk of a devastating oil spill &amp; poses a threat to our pacif…
 years after #deepwaterhorizon the safety regulations put in place still aren’t permanent – and are now under atta… 
congress’ number one job is to keep the people safe! 
big news!  awarding $ million grant for  all-electric bus program – second year in a row! moving… 
rsvped for saturday’s seniors benefits workshop? experts will be on hand  to answer your questions and help you get… 
let us take solace in the knowledge that momma tee’s legacy lives on in the lives of the people she helped and the… 
deeply saddened to learn of momma tee lassiter’s passing. blessed to have had such a passionate and tenacious advoc… 
fighting for the care and benefits our vietnam veterans earned and deserve. 
one week to go until our seniors benefits workshop! come learn about available resources and get your questions ans… 
#socialsecurity is a promise between the people and their government. proud member of the #expandsocialsecurity cau… 
inspired by everyday heroes from  fighting for more research and better treatment options. together, we will… 
. shining light on troubling practices by marlin financial – demanding  investigation #forthepeople. 
attention national flood insurance program policyholders!  has updated flood maps in pinellas and is hosting c… 
are you registered to vote? it’s easier than you think! click the link today on #nationalvoterregistrationday to ma… 
#lwcf =preserving our country's #publiclands at no cost to taxpayers. florida’s natural beauty &amp; outdoor recreation… 
. business recovery center opening today at the  epicenter, suite - in clearwater where pinellas… 
pinellas businesses impacted by red tide may now apply for  disaster loans and florida #smallbiz emergency b… 
last chance for students to register for the  congressional app challenge! registration period ends today, don’… 
only  more day before registration ends for this year’s congressional app challenge! don’t delay – sign up now for… 
today is  #museumday – free admission when you stop by pinellas’  ,  ,… 
students: there’s still time to register for this year’s congressional app challenge! teams and individuals must re… 
having trouble with social security or medicare benefits? have questions about services available for pinellas seni… 
fall is here, and so is tomorrow’s th anniversary of national public lands day – celebrated with free admission t… 
national #powmiarecognitionday is a solemn reminder of the extreme sacrifices made by our service members held as p… 
proud to celebrate #hhm recognizing countless contributions made by hispanic-americans. from #smallbiz that line ou… 
#oneyearaftermaria we should be working together to help our fellow americans still struggling to recover, acknowle… 
#tbt: great conversation at  at their rd annual constitution day – shining a light on the importance of ci… 
pinellas businesses impacted by #redtide: please fill out the  survey to help more accurately assess the dama… 
have questions about the  fl-  ? learn more about this year’s theme of veterans’ service in t… 
stopped by  in st. pete for #congressatyourcompany visit – great #smallbiz creating healthy products… 
honored to receive the  award, but it’s our pinellas libraries that deserve recognition! thank you for providi… 
another reason to be proud to be from st. pete! 
to all those observing yom kippur – may you have a meaningful and easy fast.
hiv/aids has no age limit – it’s important that everyone get tested and practice hiv prevention methods throughout… 
thanks to the folks at  for providing specialized and compassionate care to patients and families a… 
have what it takes to create the next great app? want to use your programming skills to help pinellas veterans? sig… 
from expanding access to the voting booth to securing funds for public schools &amp; teachers to increasing affordable… 
thanks to our pinellas county supervisor of elections office for working hard to protect the integrity of our elect… 
#becauseofartsed pinellas grads have graced the halls of julliard and broadway stages – sharing their talents with… 
honored to be part of assoc. for rescue at sea’s gold medal ceremony recognizing clearwater air station’s petty off… 
child care isn’t a luxury – it’s a necessity. proud to support #childcareall to help expand access to quality, aff… 
thoughts are with all those in hurricane florence's path. floridians stand ready to assist our neighbors in need.
if you know a veteran in crisis, the most important thing you can do is #bethere for them. this… 
overwhelming support for our bipartisan proposal, supporting new u.s.-israel partnership to fight drone attacks. 
our new #expandsocialsecurity caucus is fighting to protect your #socialsecurity, upholding commitment between the… 
new rankings show what we’ve long known: florida public university system is one of best in the nation! from tampa… 
continuing the fight to extend student safety beyond the classroom to school buses – thanks to  and… 
government #forthepeople requires participation – when we vote, we make our voices heard. don’t forget – florida’s… 
humbled to mark #patriotday by welcoming local heroes returning from their honor flight to our nation’s capital. ou… 
joined  volunteers at local food pantry to mark / #nationaldayofserviceandremembrance– honoring the… 
today we remember the lives lost and sacrifices made on that dark day  years ago. we must #neverforget the acts o… 
wishing a good and sweet new year to all those celebrating. l’shana tova. 
hurricane season is heating up so #preparenow. helpful resources to help keep your family safe and #hurricaneready… 
now the administration is trying to keep children &amp; families in detention even longer? unacceptable! 
 days after trump administration missed court deadline, nearly  children have yet to be reunited with their fa… 
#tbt: recently dropped by local restaurant  in indian rocks beach. more than a great meal, #smallbiz… 
. does so much to support our servicemembers and their families. assembled care packages with them today fo… 
as arguments begin in gov. scott and ag bondi’s lawsuit that could gut protections for those with pre-existing cond… 
as we kick off #nationalpreparednessmonth , be sure your family’s hurricane plan is updated and emergency supplies… 
#laborday celebrates our nation’s vibrant workforce &amp; everyday heroes – from the teachers in our schools to the con… 
#smallbiz = economic drivers. reply tagging your favorite pinellas small business in the comments to help show why… 
exciting #congressatyourcompany visit to  – building new roads and new jobs in clearwater! 
honored to present bill clarke with office of strategic services congressional gold medal for service to our intell… 
our veterans deserve the very best care and service. welcome new leadership at bay pines, a positive step for the e… 
dangerous plan would divert much-needed education funding towards putting more guns in our schools. florida teacher… 
productive meeting with  – using innovation to improve healthcare quality in our communities. 
joined  to view progress on pinellas county beach project, key to protecting lives and infrastructure. st… 
with  staff when we heard this news. pleased the u.s. international trade commission heard our calls – majo… 
#otd  years ago, #mlk shared his “dream to make justice a reality for all of god’s children” at the… 
applaud  efforts to reduce marine debris and single-use plastics across campus. proud to announce $… 
held roundtable on #redtide with local scientists and community leaders. clear need for robust research investments… 
devastated by reports of another mass shooting in florida. praying for all involved. but more than prayers, we need… 
tonight our country lost a true american hero. honored to have called senator mccain a friend. may god bless his lo… 
happy nd to the  and the men and women fighting every day to protect our nation’s natural resour… 
start-ups are popping up all over pinellas, bringing innovative ideas and fresh talent to tampa bay. this… 
praying for peace and comfort for my friend and true patriot, senator john mccain, and his family during this difficult time.
let’s end federal employment discrimination for #medicalmarijuana  patients. no veteran should be forced to choose… 
calling all pinellas teachers! are library books on your #backtoschool list? the  can help – click… 
important conversation on voting and how knowledge is power with the st. petersburg rotary midtown at  midt… 
gulf shores care center provides pinellas residents with quality medical care – thanks to the hardworking medical s… 
this would be a big step backwards for our environment and our country. undermining our nation’s clean energy strat… 
we must stay vigilant to protect our coasts from offshore drilling, defending pinellas economy that depends on clea… 
#icymi: thanks to  for bringing attention to this important issue. listen for more on my new bill to protect v… 
#tbt:  is a great place to sit down with a good book – thank you for all you have to offer to pinella… 
for  years, #socialsecurity has provided millions of floridians financial security. proud to continue fight to pr… 
honored to spend an afternoon with pinellas veterans learning about #tinyhomes – innovative housing to help provide… 
thank you eclipse energy for showing me around your lab – powering space technology from right here in #pinellas!… 
positive action by the state attorney, seeking justice for #markeismcglockton. 
as #redtide continues to spread throughout sw florida, remember to report any fish kills you see to the  to e… 
wowed by my visit to  - showcasing america’s natural beauty and celebrating works of #nativeamerican ar… 
 offers jobs and household essentials to those who need them most - an example of the #goldenrule in a… 
great to meet with  ahead of the new school year - discussing measures to keep our students safe and focused! 
talked medical marijuana with pinellas veterans - a life-changing treatment for many. that’s why i’m pushing a bill… 
major federal grant award for boley centers = more help for pinellas veterans struggling with homelessness. providi… 
#otd  years ago the #votingrightsact ended officially sanctioned disenfranchisement for many. but over half a cen… 
reminder: florida school sales tax holiday starts today – great opportunity to save money &amp; prepare for the upcomin… 
honored to fight alongside  for our seniors, protecting vital programs millions depend on for care! 
#tbt: guy has been making sure everything runs smoothly at  for  years. an honor to meet him last… 
important discussion on npr here &amp; now - click below to listen!   →  
just spoke with  about the importance of affordable flood insurance for pinellas families – tune into… 
happy th birthday to the  – helping millions of american small business owners realize their dreams. looki… 
#otd  years ago, #medicare &amp; #medicaid were signed into law. it’s our duty to defend and strengthen these program… 
thanks to everyone who came out to today’s #townhall! this is what democracy is all about - listening to the people! 
thank you for your patience while we worked out some technical issues. our #townhall is back live now:… 
#fl #townhall live now. tune in:  
can’t make it to today’s #townhall? we’ll be livestreaming the full event on my facebook page – be sure to tune in… 
calling for doj investigation into the death of #markeismcglockton. 
coming to tomorrow’s #townhall? click the link below for some helpful info on directions and parking. see you there… 
#fbf: caught up w/  in dc this week. regional cooperation key to moving our local economy forward! 
#fbf: joined fellow civility caucus co-chairs this week for an important discussion with  on how cong… 
highlighting the extreme wildfire situation facing the people of greece and many of my fellow greek-americans. u.s.… 
wonderful speaking with young florida leaders – your future is bright! thanks to  for having me at t… 
i’m fighting to #protectourcare, working with  to defend #affordablecareact protections for pre-exist… 
working together in congress and with our allies abroad to bolster drone security.  
standing with  in support of legislation protecting women’s healthcare rights if the senate confirms any… 
attempts to undermine the russia investigation are counterproductive, needlessly divisive, and dangerous. the speci… 
mark your calendars for this weekend’s #townhall – click the link for more info:   can't mak… 
drug prices are too high! our proposal allowing medicare to negotiate just like the va is common-sense and will low… 
house passes clean nfip extension through hurricane season. we need a long-term solution to make flood insurance pr… 
working together to save taxpayer dollars, enhance safety &amp; better serve those who have served us. this is how cong… 
hundreds of thousands of children in our foster care system are waiting for a forever family – the… 
this law is unjust and needs to be repealed. something is terribly wrong if no charges can be filed in this situati… 
tune in for our #fl  grants workshop happening now: 
interested in funding opportunities for your arts organization but can’t make it to today’s  grants worksho… 
reminder pinellas arts community!  grants workshop happening tomorrow at am – hope to see you there! 
inviting hud sec. carson to come see jordan park firsthand &amp; hear residents’ concerns directly. 
.  maker studios is helping pinellas students #levelup their education –  allowing kids hands-on expe… 
#congressatyourcompany visit to  in clearwater – family-owned business proving the best products are…  after serving as the th orlando chief of police (and with  #) it was a pleasure for both of us to… 
it was wonderful to meet omari at apopka mayor 's state of the city this morning! 
 : it was an honor to have  at our annual law enforcement dinner &amp; meeting at iacp . congresswoman demings…
love is stronger than hate. 
the bush and trump tax cuts were a two trillion dollar giveaway to the wealthiest americans. now the gop wants to c… 
 : . received a % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! #aauw members and supp…
i’m heartbroken for the victims in pittsburgh. this violence and division has to stop. those who promote anti-semit… 
thank you to law enforcement for their swift action. 
the whole point of obamacare/the affordable care act was to make healthcare more affordable and to cover people wit… 

more than anything, we need a return to unity around shared values, responsible leadership, &amp; ethical politics whic… 
president trump has encouraged, excused, and alluded to violence repeatedly, including against the specific people… 
bombings and violence of any kind are unacceptable. we all know this. whomever sent these bombs will be found and b… 
the gop has spent years trying to tear down the affordable care act, including protections for people with pre-exis… 
america's average life expectancy is likely to decline for the third year running. why? heath care is simply too ex… 
prescription drug abuse is deeply dangerous to our families and children. this saturday the th is national prescr… 
if you are a high school junior or senior and worried about paying for college, check out representative bruce anto… 
 : opd officers in the panhandle on #hurricanemicheal relief cleared a tree from a damaged home and found a goat in a pen u…
as every floridian knows, hurricane recovery requires long-term support. i'm thankful for all of the volunteers wor… 
the ymca of central florida’s teen achievers program does incredible work with central florida’s young people. i wa… 
 years ago tonight, president nixon fired the officials overseeing the investigation into his crimes. this obstru… 
i had the pleasure to serve as marshall for the  homecoming! thank you to the boone student council for t… 
healthcare enrollment begins on /. as you compare plans, be wary of the "short-term" plans being pushed by the g… 
the  has an outdated and unnecessary program of doing medical experiments on kittens using our tax dollars. i… 
just learned that i've received a score of  on 's lgbtq equality scorecard. fairness and equality are americ… 
as expected, the gop's tax giveaway to the rich was only step one in a two-step plan to slash medicare, medicaid, a… 
glad to see the work of  to help address the critical lack of affordable housing in central florida. th… 
yesterday was the beginning of medicare's open enrollment period, which will last until december th. for help comp… 
a healthy relationship has communication, respect, trust, and equality. unhealthy relationships are controlling and… 
are you a teenager who uses a smartphone? ever thought about making your own app? today is the deadline to sign up… 
was honored to serve as keynote speaker today at the th annual orange county sheriff office foundation luncheon. t… 
on veterans day weekend this year, please join the apopka rotary club, the city of apopka, and the harper family ch… 
if you are in an area affected by hurricane michael, there is help available.   if you're not, please do what you c… 
florida's devastating algae blooms are harming our health, economy, and environment. i joined colleagues from flori… 
whether you're in the closet or out, you have friends and allies here in central florida. there is no pressure and… 
praying for everyone in hurricane michael's path. please stay safe, and remember that the risks will continue after… 
remember: if you live in the potential impact area for hurricane #michael, please monitor official information and… 
a federal state of emergency has now been declared in advance of hurricane #michael. 
with hurricane #michael approaching florida, i joined bipartisan members of congress from florida to ask president… 
the congressional app challenge deadline is october th! if you are a tech-interested student or a parent of one,… 
equality means opportunity, growth, and a better future for us all. orlando has done incredible work to welcome and… 
 : . and  take the stage together at #walkendalz in orlando to share their stories and support in t…
 : truly blessed to have not one but  alzheimer’s congressional champions speak on stage together to raise awareness for a…
 : thank you  for being an #alzheimers champion &amp; supporting #boldalzheimersact your captivating speech encouraged…
i am so proud of team demings’ members sonja white, chester glover, katie bowyer, and volunteer mary dickson, who g… 
on this very difficult weekend as the u.s. senate confirms a person who does not deserve a seat on the supreme cour… 
 : do not get lost in a sea of despair. be hopeful, be optimistic. our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week, a mont…
if you or someone you love may be in a dangerous or abusive situation, you’re not alone — there are resources avail… 
when some try to make us feel hopeless, there is always a bright light shining through the darkness. proud! 
today team demings joined thousands of our neighbors to help take the next steps towards a world without alzheimer’… 
just met with  about election security, aviation security at smaller airports, and school safety. 
 : retired u.s. supreme court justice john paul stevens, a lifelong republican, told a small crowd in boca raton that judge b…

let us pray for his family, his brothers and sisters at florence pd, and his community. “the lord is my strength and shield.”
my heart goes out to the family of florence police department officer terrence carraway, who was killed in the line… 
the negative message to young girls has been unsettling. i’m here to say that girls do matter. i want my granddaugh… 
following the devastating testimony of dr. ford and the troubling  testimony of judge kavanaugh, many of kavanaugh’… 
this process has been unimaginably painful for the survivors of sexual assault in america and sheds light on why vi… 
 : when we put it on the chalkboard we mean it. thanks for visiting wall st. cantina  congrats on your egot. https…
     thank you ben.
 thank you! not done yet!
destroying institutions has been donald trump’s game from the beginning. if you destroy the fbi, the department of… 
the amazing part of the  story is that no one was surprised. donald trump is a con man, who has conned his… 
 thank you!
this is about fitness. judge kavanaugh has applied for a job. when i was a police chief, if i had a job candidate w… 
 : joining  tonight:       …
 : i’ll be joining    at :pm to discuss judge kavanaugh and the new  report whi…
i’ll be joining    at :pm to discuss judge kavanaugh and the new  repor… 

 : nearly all women of color, and mostly black women. 

one year after the #lasvegasshooting, the worst in american history, congress has taken no real action to protect o… 
congratulations  on  years of magic! 

i joined my colleagues to bring this lawsuit against president trump because no man - or president - should be abov… 
my hope and faith has always been with the america people, and i am so proud of the women we have seen speak out this week. 
it’s highly inappropriate for senator mcconnell to be on the floor of the senate praising judge kavanaugh. what abo… 
tune in! 
i’ll be on   in about  minutes to discuss the new fbi invesigation into the sexual assaults alleg… 
congratulations to urbander on their th year celebration. the agency’s sos program provides aid to individuals, f… 
new $, security grant to the jewish federation of greater orlando to protect central floridians. i'll always… 
 : i linked arms w/ colleagues on the house judiciary committee &amp;  to march to the senate to tell the banana repu…
#delaythevote 
 thank you amy.
 : happy to see my congresswoman  taking part in this protest. #believesurvivors 
 : marching over to the senate judiciary committee with  to protest the vote on #kavanaugh. we #believechrist…
 : women are standing in silent protest at the back of the judiciary committee room. they're now being led out by security. http…
with my colleagues, i'm at the senate judiciary committee to say that we cannot move forward on this supreme court… 
watch this. 
 : waiting to be let in to the senate judiciary committee room to oppose judge kavanaugh’s confirmation vote with my colleague…
president trump, a man accused of sexual assault, is going all-out to protect brett kavanaugh, a man accused of sex… 
actions speak louder than words. the gop effort to ram through kavanaugh in the face of credible sexual assault all… 
trump's nomination of brett kavanaugh is not just about men and women. it's about wealth and status, &amp; certain peop… 
if we move forward on kavanaugh as the gop plans, it is a message to every teenager in americas that if they are ri… 
 : by attacking dr. ford before her hearing, promising a vote no matter what, and totally ignoring the nd allegation, …
this is a tough day for america’s sexual assault survivors. please take care of each other today. 
 : today, i joined my fellow survivors     to demand friday's vote on kavana…
 : no one should ever experience what dr. ford went through. 
why aren’t the all-male gop senators on the judiciary committee doing their jobs and asking the questions? the demo… 
 : survivors,   the news is not more important than your wellbeing.   take care of yourself today and every day. set your bou…
dr. ford’s opening statement was powerful, personal, and deeply credible. #kavanaughhearing 
this is a watershed moment. american women and girls deserve to grow up in a world that treats them with dignity an… 
my granddaughter turned six yesterday. when i’m gone, i want to leave her a country that will give her a fair chance. #kavanaughhearing

honored to cosponsor this bill with . the victims of the failed response to hurricane maria deserve… 
i'm proud of my colleague  for sharing her experience. this is a deeply important perspective in our… 
if my gop colleagues want to protect our elections, they should join us in restoring the voting rights act and pass… 
the news is hard to read right now. it’s upsetting that we are in a position as a country where a supreme court app… 
honored to cosponsor this important legislation with . cancer does not discriminate. every american w… 
the world isn't inherently fair. justice isn't inevitable. it's something we have to work, argue, and struggle for… 
 i understand your frustration.
 : the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
do you still have damage from hurricane irma? visit  or call -- before december … 
the gop wants to turn us into a country where only the rich and well-connected can follow their american dream. tha… 
do you feel that your voice isn't being represented in our government? double-check your voter registration today.… 
the battle for the supreme court is not over. speak up. speak out. #believesurvivors 
by attacking dr. ford before her hearing, promising a vote no matter what, and totally ignoring the nd allegation,… 
 : the entire hallway is in tears. we are at a moment in history where women have to repeat their trauma to the masses to li…
today, americans spoke up to oppose rod rosenstein's reported removal. we spoke up to protect the mueller investiga… 
it's clear that rosenstein - and by extension the mueller investigation - is at risk. congress must fulfill our obl… 
president trump is feeling the heat and there is no doubt that he will do anything in his power to save himself. hi… 
rod rosenstein was one of the few barriers protecting the mueller investigation. congress must take immediate steps… 
thank you to  for your work uncovering this potential misuse of taxpayer money.
yesterday,  announced that it will investigate governor scott's decision to hire expensive, unqualified comp… 
 : this is the time to speak out in defense of our democracy. 
as a law enforcement officer, i saw how hard it is to come forward after a sexual assault. i am so proud of everyon… 
 : reminder: every single person posting #whyididntreport is reliving their trauma to try and teach folks to extend long ove…
we're in a search for the truth. five members of president trump's inner circle have already pleaded guilty to fede… 
whether or not deputy ag rosenstein supported using the th amendment, he doesn't have the power to do so. that's… 
deputy attorney general rosenstein denies the new claims about the th amendment. i don't know if he said it or no… 
this is the time to speak out in defense of our democracy. 
 : we had a great site visit today at whitaker oil co. with  and . a big thank you to rep. deming…
americans believe that the trump tax cuts help the rich at the expense of the middle class because...the trump tax… 
 : the anniversary of #hurricanemaria's landfall is tomorrow. , americans died in the botched recovery.  as we start to…
 : "in an ideal world, the response to natural disasters like #hurricanemaria would be beyond politics. but it’s impossible…
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
despite record passengers  years running,  is again the best-rated "mega" airport in the u.s. even better, its… 
"in an ideal world, the response to natural disasters like #hurricanemaria would be beyond politics. but it’s impos… 
i signed this letter and fully endorse it. "we also ask that you improve your efforts to aid puerto rico in its rec… 
the anniversary of #hurricanemaria's landfall is tomorrow. , americans died in the botched recovery.  as we sta… 
congratulations to our national merit semifinalists! i'm proud of the hard work you've put in to achieve this recog… 
harassment, death threats, intimidation, forced to move out of their home.  this is why women don't come forward. a… 
no one is entitled to a supreme court seat. this is a job interview for one of the most important positions in the… 
together with many of my colleagues, i ask that  #postponethevote. there is simply not enough time to… 
as a former detective and detective sergeant who investigated numerous cases, including cases of sexual assault, a… 
extremely proud of the historic town of eatonville for winning this important health award. the town and its reside… 
the president says that the allegations against kavanaugh “should’ve been brought up long before.” in other words,… 
what’s the message for our teenagers and young girls? i pray that the men in charge of this process will slow thing… 
women who accuse powerful men always have to defend their character, honor, reputation. yet the senate majority lea… 
addie mae collins, denise mcnair, carole robertson, cynthia wesley. victims of hate,  years ago today.  may their… 
thank you to  and  for hosting the annual city of orlando’s hispanic heritage month kicko… 
speaking to  and  about the president’s awful comments this morning about the victims in puerto rico.… 
it’s times like these when we need the president to lead. but once again he has made it all about him. the death co… 
the administration has been taking money away from disaster response, putting americans at risk, in order to fund t… 
 : monster storm: north carolina’s governor warns residents on #hurricanceflorence: “this storm is a monster. it's big and it's…
if you know someone in the evacuation zone, please check in on them and make sure that they are evacuating. this is… 
nearly , americans died from #maria. many did not have to. there are still thousands of americans living in mol… 
"let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any ha… 
 : honored to be in attendance at the patriot day breakfast remembering and honoring american heroes.    with…
i was proud to work with , ,  and  to pass into law the law e… 
suicide does not happen in a vacuum. as a society and a nation, we have a role to play to keep our loved ones safe.… 
this #worldsuicidepreventionday let's remember that we are not a universe of individuals. we are a community, and n… 
you are loved. you are important. there's no shame in what you are feeling. remember, if you ever need to talk: the… 
we had a great, productive conversation about how to ensure greater collaboration and a safe and welcoming communit… 
each and every one of us deserves a safe and secure nation that upholds the dignity and respect of all people.  tod… 
i strongly agree with my gop colleagues , ,  and others: congress must reauth… 
a group of moderate republicans in congress has asked paul ryan to allow a vote to reauthorize the violence against… 
a very happy #roshhashanah. i remain thankful for our jewish community, and know that we will continue working toge… 
the president’s own staff think he is so dangerous to our prosperity, democracy &amp; safety that they are stealing pap… 
to save valuable time and money, i confess i wrote the anonymous  op-ed about the trump administration. ins… 
the white house is collapsing under the weight of its scandals while my gop colleagues in congress sit on their han… 
 : barack obama: "how hard can that be, saying that nazis are bad?"
this is progress but we need to keep up the pressure. asking congress to "clarify" our intent is a trick. congress… 
rich devos left a tangible mark on our community and never forgot the true purpose of sports: to bring neighbors to… 
 :  to thank  for supporting the #boldalzheimersact (s. /h.r. ) – important legislation to help mill…
 : had chief justice earl warren not been on the supreme court to lead the unanimous decision in brown v. board, i may not h…
it is increasingly looking as though president trump picked his supreme court nominee specifically because of kavan… 
back in d.c. and ready to get back to the legislative work of congress after a productive august back home in the d… 
 : "the role of congress is not to protect the president... we ought to be holding investigations,"  says on…
 : “i applaud the attorney general… he is doing the right thing.” democrat , who opposed ag jeff sessions’ conf…
i joined  on  outfront  to discuss attorney general sessions, the special counsel inves… 
in the meantime,  has plenty of allies like me who will stand up against the race-based attacks he is… 
i wish i was surprised that race has become an issue in the florida gubernatorial.  is more than quali… 
the president is feeling the heat. i didn’t think i’d be able to applaud jeff sessions for much, but in this case h… 
i’ll be on  in ten minutes to discuss upholding the constitution and the rule of law in this age of special inv… 
#laborday celebrates america’s workers, who organized and fought for all of our rights to fair pay and fair treatme… 
john mccain believed in duty, honor, &amp; service. he believed in doing the right thing. he knew that we are less divi… 
the news has mostly moved on to other issues, but the crisis at the border isn't over. hundreds of children remain… 
preexisting health conditions are everywhere. cancer, heart disease, obesity, parkinson's, sleep apnea, asthma. eve… 
mercury emissions cause brain damage and birth defects, and these regulations pay for themselves with increased eco… 
, people died.  
it’s impossible to know what’s in someone’s heart, but mr. desantis’ chosen word weaves its way through centuries o… 
so spoke dr. martin luther king, jr.,  years ago today. it was the th anniversary of the brutal lynching of a yo… 
"i have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the col… 
"i say to you today, my friends, so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, i still have a drea… 
secretary devos' proposal to use education funding to give guns to teachers is not only foolish, it is also not all… 
new estimates show nearly , americans were killed in puerto rico, an inexcusable failure. i'm working with… 
arming teachers has never been a serious proposal to protect our children. rather, it is an nra-backed distraction… 
% of americans struggle to pay for food, housing &amp; health care. that's two out of every five people in the riches… 
mexico &amp; canada are vital markets for goods stamped "made in the usa." any new trade proposal must go through congr…   delighted to join   to meet with district  families and students during las… 
 : nyc members of congress     slam trump's desire to end birthright citi…
 addresses #trump proposal to end #birthrightcitizenship and chip away at our nation's #constitution t… 
 : birthright citizenship is guaranteed in the u.s. constitution, under the th amendment. its first sentence: "all persons born or…
 : my music industry colleagues and i had a great meeting with  today! we appreciate his strong support for mus…
#trump cannot pick and choose which parts of the constitution he wants to uphold and which parts he simply wants to… 
#trump's past promises to use executive action have all fallen short and gone unfulfilled. this is ridiculous and u… 
this is another one of #trump's political stunts and he's feeding red meat to his base –  days before the midterms… 
ridiculous! i'm prepared to fight from the halls of congress to the white house to ensure #trump knows that he cann… 
america's armed forces should not be used as trump's personal anti-immigration task force. instead of thanking st… 
become a congressional intern for new york’s th congressional district!  currently seeking intern ap… 
no parent should ever fear sending their child to school. no words can truly express my anger at yet another loss o… 
 asegura que el país está en medio de un ambiente de intolerancia alimentado "muchas veces por la casa… 
america mourns as our communities are being torn apart by acts of domestic terrorism, hate &amp; violence. #trump must… 
 :  tells large crowd of  students that their presence is much louder &amp; much more significant than any atte…
 : . thanks  students for organizing this vigil, noting that once again young people are leading the way. …
we are praying for the victims &amp; families involved in this morning's tragic shooting at the tree of life synagogue… 
 : join  on november th at mitchel square park in washington heights to commemorate the centennial of the end o…
 : . (ny-) visits the  senior center in the bronx to help support enrichment and recreational pro…
october is national #disabilityawarenessmonth, so join me in recognizing the perspective &amp; talent that . million… 
president #trump needs to clearly understand that his hate-based rhetoric and divisiveness has created a volatile p… 
delighted to visit with , students and administrators at ⁦⁩  #performingarts and this… 
thank you to the  first responders and all state and federal law enforcement authorities who put their lives o… 
 to hold press event to discuss  updates and transit renovations planned throughout #ny on wedne… 
 : pathetic.  when potential terrorism strikes, we should be pulling together, not playing politics. 
i implore all #ny residents to be watchful, if you see something, say something. no piece of information is too s… 
 : in a ceremony yesterday, deputy borough president  joined elected officials and community partners …
 : to celebrate #readfortherecord day, congressional leaders are voicing bipartisan support for early literacy! enjoy these…
delighted to visit the fordham diner in the #bronx and to support #ny small businesses that help our community an… 
eric blankenstein is unfit to help lead an organization intended to fight against racial discrimination at its core… 
hate spreads throughout communities and tears us apart. president #trump should speak out to condemn the recent act… 
 :  to host #flu shot clinic, thursday, november st at am-pm at taino towers located at  nd avenue (b…
 realizará una serie de clínicas de vacunas contra la gripe a partir de este mes. únase a nosotros el… 
 will hold a press conference on  updates and transit renovations planned throughout #ny on wed.… 
i stand on the shoulders of political giants and trailblazers in american history – and i am honored to join in tod… 
delighted to join my predecessor #charlesrangel and #nyc leaders to honor the legacy and impact of #daviddinkins at… 
 to host #flu shot clinic, thursday, november st at am-pm at taino towers located at  nd ave… 
i am delighted to receive the “friends of immigrants” award from ⁦⁩ for my efforts and legislative work to p… 
we will not be intimidated by domestic terrorists and will put forth a full court effort to hold the individuals or… 
this is a serious matter and the fbi must do whatever it takes to stop domestic terrorism. i commend the  firs… 
, representante democrata por el distrito  en nueva york, calificó de irresponsable el comentario de… 
i commend ⁦⁩ for providing #nyc workers with / recovery &amp; rescue related illnesses with unlimited sick… 
eric blankenstein has demonstrated bias and racism and he must step down from his role with the  immediately d… 
 : tps termination halted  u.s. district judge edward chen’s ruling means the federal government must continue the tps pro…
tune in to ⁦⁩ today at :p for my segment discussing the urgency of my fight to combat the anti-immigrant p… 
thanks mark from p.s.  grove hill #bronx for visiting my office today &amp; congratulations on the start of the scho… 
sandra day o’connor paved the way for women &amp; girls around the nation when she became the first female supreme cour… 
 : tps termination halted  u.s. district judge edward chen’s ruling means the federal government must continue the tps pro…
people fleeing violence in central america should not be illegally turned away at u.s. ports of entry or criminaliz… 
this proposal is a brazen attack on the lives of  million people, effectively abandoning transgender people’s righ… 
icymi watch  news closeup:  discusses immigration, housing and other key #nyc and national i… 
it remains critical we continued our efforts to bring about #nyc transit equity, especially in communities of color… 
today  visited residents  taft rehab to assess the th floor roof water damage and will be visit… 
please call my harlem office at -- on monday to address this issue. #usps must work to better address the… 
i look forward to participating in   special series “take on america” to address issues facing latino famil… 
today  visited the kennedy senior center in #harlem where he met with residents and discussed issues w… 
delighted to join  today to honor corwin breeden, the selfless leader #harlem deserved — his impact… 
be sure to tune in to⁩ ⁦⁩ this weekend for my segment with ⁦⁩ “pix news close up” to discuss i… 
it remains critical that we continue to confront hate speech, anti-semitism, and racism whenever and wherever it re… 
 recognizes the th anniversary of the community league of the heights  and its mission to e… 
 : great to hear our congress member  here at tracy towers 
 :  encabezará feria de empleos en su distrito  new york, n.y. – únase al congresista adriano espaillat (ny-)…
 :  encabezará feria de empleos en su distrito  new york, n.y. – únase al congresista adriano espaillat (ny-)…
 : amazing turnout for  #careerfair.  our  table even saw a visit by local leaders  &amp; …
 :  realiza feria de empleos con más de  empresas y organizaciones locales 
this evening ⁦⁩ joined #nyc councilman andrew cohen at the tracey towers tenants association meeting w… 
 :  encabezará feria de empleos en su distrito  new york, n.y. – únase al congresista adriano espaillat (ny-)…
see you today at the mural pavilion – #harlem hospital center located at  lenox avenue for my #ny career fair!… 
 : joining my colleagues to demand access to greenways and bikeways in the bronx. thank you , , &amp;…
 : be sure to stop by and say hi to the folks from  #hometownemployer #communitypartner 
thank you to the  first responders, students, teachers &amp; administrators for their vigilance today at the a. ph… 
 : ccny lockdown has been lifted. thank you to ccny public safety and the nypd. class schedule will resume.
 : ***update***  lockdown has been lifted. nypd has cleared the area with no further incidents or emergencies. thank…
 : glad to be joined by so many colleagues in government and wonderful members of our community, and a special thanks to…
today  attended the th anniversary march and mass for #nypd po michael j. buczek and po christopher… 
shame on the ⁦⁩ corporation for using this as an opportunity to take advantage of new york city and #bronx resi… 
happening today: join  from : p.m. to : p.m. at the mural pavilion – #harlem hospital center loc… 
 realizará feria de empleos este jueves,  de octubre. lleve su hoja de vida. podrá reunirse con repr… 
 : . says us should "immediately" consider arms sanctions against saudi arabia  …
líderes políticos en nueva york reaccionan ante advertencias de trump sobre la caravana de migrantes… 
 califica a #trump como “el epítome de la deshumanización” 
 : . says us should "immediately" consider arms sanctions against saudi arabia  …
: trump’s threats to cut aid from honduras is ‘not going to work.’  
 issues: how would a democratic congress change immigration policy?  discusses the democrats' plan f… 
 : .: trump’s threats to cut aid from honduras is "not going to work"  
 calls for u.s. to ‘reexamine’ relationship with saudi arabia 
 :  realizará feria de empleos este jueves,  de octubre. lleve su hoja de vida. podrá reunirse con representant…
earlier this week,  joined  to recognize its th anniversary and efforts to defend and protect… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the #lgbtq… 
 yards today learning more about the historic development, local job training, and the crucial gateway proje… 
join  on thursday, october th from : p.m. to : p.m. at the mural pavilion – #harlem hospital c… 
 : hundreds of children are still suffering without their families because of trump's inhumane family separations. it's un…
#latinos have had a significant, positive impact on our culture &amp; economy. thank you   for h… 
 : tps termination halted  u.s. district judge edward chen’s ruling means the federal government must continue the tps pro…
i vow to continue to fight the hate-based rhetoric &amp; anti-immigrant policies from this administration &amp; will champi… 
the #trump administration has continuously put forth policies aimed against immigrant communities &amp; against vulnera… 
first, the president separated children from their families, in some cases only months old, orphaned, and now this.… 
#trump is the epitome of ‘man's inhumanity to man’ as he threatens, yet again, another policy that would devastate… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
it is critical that #trump and  #pompeo push hard for answers and not capitulate to the saudi government… 
 : .: "what trump calls chain migration...i call family reunification."  listen to today's #issues: https://t.…
 :   . says democrats need strong commitment to comprehensive immigration reform.  "rather tha…
it’s critical that  tackle #tps and #dreamact within the first  days of the next congress.… 
: our nation has a long-standing tradition of welcoming people seeking asylum, w due process, and we s… 
 :   caller calls #abolishice "political lunacy," implores different, safer tactic.  : our mes…
 :   . expresses support for #abolishice: "we should have a law enforcement agency" that enfor…
 : now:  joins to discuss how democrats will handle immigration policy if they take the house in november. tune…
 : it was an honor to join  addressing congregation  this shabbat. thank you for your commitment…
 : coming up!  on national news and the disappearance of journalist jamal khashoggi;  on far right, violence…
 : en #purapolítica: el congresista  le explica a   su planes para enfrentar la crisis del tps que…
hasn’t #trump learned anything? separating families and jailing children is inhuman and appalling. i will continue… 
 :  visita xi feria del libro dominicano en nueva york en respaldo a los escritores y panelista …
my thoughts &amp; prayers are with the residents of florida as they continue to assess the damage and deal with the rea… 
i’m a proud champion for animal rights! thank you   for a perfect % scorecard on my work… 
 : a passionate philanthropist, roberto clemente was active in charitable and disaster relief efforts, launched several bas…
thank you  for honoring baseball great &amp; humanitarian #robertoclemente during national… 
honored to join  to celebrate #hispanicheritagemonth #sunyempire #demsatwork #ny 
 : celebrating hispanic heritage month with th district congressman ⁦⁩ and #sunyempire evp joe garcia. two…
 : we were honored last night to have congressman adriano espaillat ⁦⁩ as our keynote speaker for our hispani…
⁦⁩ visits the sister annunciata bethel senior center in #ny during his #weekinthebronx 
 visits  in #harlem to discuss job training, readiness and placement for #ny residents.… 
today marks the th anniversary of the death of #matthewshepard. today like every other day we commit ourselves to… 
delighted to join  for #groundbreaking of its new building and continuation of services and programs… 
 :  comments on his own experience as an immigrant and his connection to our block as a youth #groundbreaking h…
i remain hopeful that when ⁦⁩ are the majority, that we can bring about real change and ensure #tps… 
 : live right now: join #boldtv's  &amp; guest host  as they sit down with  (d-ny) and spe…
delighted to participate in   #triumph awards at jazz at lincoln center, last night. 
 : ., democratic congressman for new york's th district, will join our hosts to discuss affordable housing and immi…
i am proud to stand in support of the #lgbtq community and vow to never relent in my work to end the trends of viol… 
 : happy #nationalcomingoutday! to all of our lgbtq activists, thank you for your bravery. wherever you are in your coming out…
las contribuciones de los #latinos son esenciales para nuestra economía. representan casi el % de la fuerza labor… 
#latinos are a vital part of the american economy –accounting for $. trillion in spending activity in  &amp; mak… 
celebrate this #hispanicheritagemonth &amp; find out how #latinos contribute to our economy: … 
despite their huge positive impact on the economy, more than /th of #latinos lived in poverty in . read more… 
 : watch fri. amet: ny congressman adriano espaillat &amp; veteran journalist marvin kalb join bold tv!  read #boldtv: …
happening now:   hold press conference in #harlem to provide #ny constituents an update on… 
happening now:  #bronx week visit to the servíam senior center. #weekinthebronx #ny 
today ⁦⁩ visits the jerome-gun hill business improvement district to discuss opportunities for biz gro… 
 : thank you for visiting our esol class ! it was a pleasure to have you! 
we must continue to raise the issue of jamal #khashoggi’s disappearance &amp; offer u.s. support to any independent inv… 
 : ty  for visiting  #esol class today! #welike 
tomorrow at pm   will hold press conference on temporary protected status #tps to ensure it rem… 
now:  months since passage of the #goptaxscam there have been more than , price hikes. republicans are not wor… 
president . promised that under republican leadership, health care would be “a lot less expensive f… 
#weekinthebronx! join  throughout this week during visits throughout the bronx, visiting #ny residen… 
 visits  senior center today during his #weekinthebronx #ny to help support enrichment and… 
⁦⁩ visited the kingsbridge heights community center adult education program ⁦⁩ to empower fam… 
today  met with wilma alonso  to discuss business development, community engagement and… 
i'm outraged at the lack of priority this health crisis has garnered &amp; demand immediate testing of all water coolin… 
 : #icymi:  is scheduled to keynote the opening of “many voices, muchas voces,” our art exhibit celebrating #hisp…
 : chc members are dedicated to protecting #tps so families can continue living and working in the us. #tps holders are ou…
october is #breastcancerawarenessmonth and  is proud to stand with survivors and families in the washi… 
 :  encabeza la séptima caminata latina que realiza la organización latin faces junto a oficiales electos, sobre…
 :  encabeza la séptima caminata latina que realiza la organización latin faces junto a oficiales electos, sobre…
my work will continue to ensure #tps remains viable for residents from honduras, el salvador, and #haiti to help fa… 
i am saddened by today's news of the magnitude . quake that has hit #haiti and am praying for all families that h… 
 :  preocupado con la bacteria legionario en los edificios de new york. ver más en  &amp; al…
 :  hace llamado a la ciudad de nueva york para que de inmediato se haga la prueba de la enfermedad del legionar…
i am deeply disappointed by today’s senate confirmation of #brettkavanaugh to the supreme court &amp; encourage all… 
  toured one of brooklyn’s top urban agriculture facilities today. these young, innovative m… 
today  visited students &amp; teachers  #ny 
thank you #kamiratrent for speaking out and standing up against racism, hate and bigotry! 
¡hablar varios idiomas es punto de orgullo y es tan americano como el pastel de manzana! #nuestropaistambien  
hope to see you at my career fair october th from : p.m. to : p.m. at the mural pavilion – #harlem hospital… 
 meets with #ny residents  and st. nicholas houses during a follow-up meeting and update on re… 
 : the folks in congressman 's dc office are really wonderful! i left a small light there a few weeks ago during…
 : roses are red. abortion is healthcare. scotus + kavanaugh would be a nightmare.  #nationalpoetryday #stopkavanaugh …
 witnesses have come forward to say #kavanaugh lied under oath about drinking. america deserves better than this.… 
i commend us district judge chen on granting this preliminary injunction to protect the temporary protected status… 
 recognizes greater #harlem chamber of commerce during tonight’s   thank you reception,… 
when someone says the a’s have a chance tonight against the . #noway #notachance #winning #myteam #letsgo! 
the arc xvi fort washington senior center serves nearly  seniors daily and we must continue to embrace the cente… 
is the trump administration going to send an alert every time it separates an immigrant child from his or her famil… 
i am delighted to meet johanna sanchez, the first #dominican-american to be named a charles b. rangel fellow ⁦… 
⁦⁩ enjoyed lunch with some of #ny’s best  corsi houses today. 
 : last night the president mocked a survivor of sexual assault while a room of his supporters cheered him. this exact beh…
thank you   for highlighting the life, legacy &amp; service of nd lieutenant esteban hotesse as a me… 
i was delighted to join the #bronx-manhattan north association of #realtors #bmnar during the swearing-in ceremony… 
 implementation #trump’s ‘zero tolerance’ policy separating immigrant children from their parents has become… 
get your flu vaccine at the washington heights corner project located at west st street and st. nicholas avenue.… 
 : los latinos fortalecen la economía de los ee.uu. en los últimos cinco años, los trabajadores latinos han generado el % d…
get your flu shot! join us for free adult flu shots at the hebrew tabernacle located at  fort washington ave. (w… 
join  thursday, october th from : p.m. to : p.m. at the mural pavilion – harlem hospital cente… 
i’m reading the  report and have edits... how about #keepfamiliestogether #dontcagekids #reunitefamiliesnow 
it has been more than  months since a judge ordered the #reunification of children &amp; nearly  children remain se… 
 : we are pleased that topping the list of most bills introduced &amp; enacted are  hispanic members of congress, from both sides of t…
 : thrilled to join this evening with nyc &amp; harlem royalty to celebrate  the career &amp; accomplishments of kenneth knuckles…
i am proud to join  thursday, oct. th at metro gallery, th floor of the college’s  hudson street l… 
one year later: #lasvegas pauses to reflect on its darkest hour. we cannot afford to wait on the next tragedy.… 
 presented dr. glory van scott a congressional proclamation for her legendary work in the arts and civ… 
for months, attorney general jeff sessions has been interfering with #judicialindependence and undermining due proc… 
the only benchmark for #immigration judges should be to #protectdueprocess. imposing case competition quotas does j… 
thanks ⁦⁩ for stopping by my #ny #harlem office today to wish me a happy birthday! 
fact: the gop’s assault on americans’ health care is already driving up premiums for families nationwide. 
 million americans count on #snap to lift themselves families out of poverty. in fact, in , snap lifted at le… 
#snap has helped keep . million children out of poverty according to the  #protectsnap 
 recognizes the african diáspora’s profound impact and contributions throughout american culture and… 
thank you everyone for the birthday messages and well wishes this week as i celebrated another year with family, fr… 
 :   espaillat pide restablecer ley contra violencia doméstica a mujeres  via …
republicans wanted to put kavanaugh on the court so he can attack roe v. wade &amp; countless other victories by americ…  proud to join  and  to honor the lives of the jewish worshipers and brave first responders i… 
it's said in proverbs that "a righteous man falls down seven times and gets up." in the wake of the deadliest anti-… 
together, the friends of the library groups celebrated their accomplishments and successes of the past year. congra… 
#teamgottheimer joined  jim tedesco, freeholder david ganz, and north jersey's 'friends of the library'… 
these resources will provide more training for first responders, hiring more drug counselors, and improving coordin… 
i'm at the mahwah police department this morning to announce the town clawed back nearly $, from the u.s. dep… 
the opioid crisis in this country is devastating our families, neighbors, and communities with more than , dea… 
they're essential to providing information and assistance to our small businesses to help them grow and thrive in new jersey.
glad to see so many great organizations from the fifth district, including the bergen county division of economic d… 
last week, #teamgottheimer attended the small business forum and luncheon sponsored by the  educati… 
proud to be a recipient of the  medicare advantage champion award from ! i will keep fighting to pr… 
our ability to get up and lift each other up in even the hardest of times is what makes us the greatest country in… 
as it’s said in proverbs, “a righteous man falls down seven times and gets up.” we must get back up and come togeth… 
the victims were targeted simply because of their faith, as they were fulfilling the sacred commandment to “remembe… 
today, we are all grieving for our brothers and sisters lost who were gunned down by a man consumed by anti-semitis… 
thank you to ceo and president joanne mandry and  for your service in our communities.
last week, #teamgottheimer joined the annual celebration for –which helps communities across nj with child c… 
thanks to the help of sergeant verheeck and trooper kraljevich in wantage last week, one of north jersey's newest f… 
my heart is broken hearing the news out of pittsburgh, pa. god bless the members of tree of life and the courageous… 
we can’t afford to raise taxes on anyone in new jersey. these funds are key to my tax cut plan, which delivers real… 
new jersey is fighting back against government bureaucrats at the irs and treasury who are trying to block new jers… 
...by avoiding dangerous and distracted driving, wearing a seat belt, and never driving under the influence of alco… 
motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for teens in the united states. for national teen driver safet… 
thank you to everyone who came out to the bergen county naacp freedom fund awards last weekend. congratulations to… 
please join me tomorrow for a veterans' claims clinic in rochelle park. we'll have experts from the u.s. department… 
we are fighting back against the irs and government bureaucrats trying to block new jersey towns from lowering taxe… 
last year's tax hike bill took a two-by-four to new jersey taxpayers, and the irs’ attempt to raise taxes even more… 
preserving clean water for north jersey's families, children, and seniors is one of my top priorities in congress.… 
congratulations to all of the honorees, including captain bill sheehan, norm guerra, sam pesin, and samsung electronics.
#teamgottheimer attended the hackensack riverkeeper clean water gala to help honor the community leaders who are co… 
across north jersey, we have strong and diverse communities filled with people of many different backgrounds, belief, and religions.
thank you to all of the religious &amp; spiritual faith leaders who joined me in paramus to discuss the issues facing o… 
kay has dedicated her time to providing scholarships to low income students through the summer campership fund, and… 
#teamgottheimer joined freeholders amoroso &amp; ortiz to honor kay gellert at bergen volunteer center's "celebration o… 
yes, the irs wants to raise taxes even more on n.j. families. other states are also worried about their programs an… 
it’s time for tax cuts for jersey. but even though these funds already exist in  states, and have for years, the… 
last year's tax hike bill gutted critical tax relief for nj and made us america’s piggy bank. that's why i stood wi… 
i'm in ridgewood this morning to talk about fighting the irs gridlock, so we can actually cut taxes in new jersey. 
franchises like  are hallmarks of entrepreneurship and the american dream, with so many getting their fir… 
last week, i joined the team &amp; served the customers at the  in paramus as a part of my #joshonthejob tour… 
independent testing shows the water coming off of the waste mountain has unsafe levels of lead. i've called again o… 
when i visited vernon last week, i saw with my own eyes evidence of solid waste that is threatening the lakes, clea… 
honored to have received a % score on 's scorecard. i'm proud of the work we've done in new jersey fighting… 
glad to see  offering backup child care and senior care to thousands of its employees. caring for a loved… 
last week, #teamgottheimer joined the members of the lodi council in celebrating the  new jersey little league… 
i saw with my own eyes the signs of solid waste, and independent testing confirms that the water coming off of the… 
this week, i joined freeholder herb yardley and vernon mayor harry shortway to survey the potentially hazardous con… 
join me tomorrow at : am at the chit chat diner in hackensack for the big – – my th "cup of joe with josh"! 
all of north jersey is proud of your recognition. thank you for all you do to protect our families and neighbors in newton.
and for their heroic work at a house fire earlier this year, jose morales and russell post of the newton police dep… 
congratulations to the newton volunteer first aid and rescue squad on your selection as the  new jersey outstan… 
i've called on all schools to make sure that every student gets the breakfast necessary for them to succeed, and on… 
the data couldn't be clearer: students who don't eat breakfast have a harder time focusing, make more errors, &amp; are… 
interested in applying to a service academy? join us for our info session on / at ridgewood high school at :… 
thank you to everyone who stopped by our #teamgottheimer table at the wantage fall festival. great to see everyone… 
more than , families in new jersey are coping with a loved one facing alzheimer's disease. nearly half a mill… 
thank you to  for planning last weekend's bergen-passaic walk to end alzheimer's disease. the brave advo… 
after more than  years of hard-work, the new library has something for everyone to enjoy. make sure to stop by an… 
last weekend, #teamgottheimer was proud to join mayor lisa schwager, council president john biale, assemblymembers… 
for over  years, hk metalcraft has been manufacturing custom metal components for a wide variety of industries –… 
#teamgottheimer joined the members of project literacy of greater bergen county at their "a new bridge to literacy"… 
i have written again to new jersey department of environment protection to further testing and investigation into w… 
the threat of this potentially contaminated waste being dumped next to vernon's neighborhoods and reservoirs is a t… 
thank you to our hosts the new milford fire department, which was awarded $, for a new fire truck from the grant this year.
getting better return on investment for money we already send to washington is key to getting money back from “mooc… 
i joined fire houses from across north jersey to raise awareness for fema's assistance to firefighter grants, which… 
with $. million provided through the epa, fair lawn can now hold the reckless polluters who created this site ac… 
protecting clean drinking water for fair lawn's children, seniors, and families has been key to the nearly  year… 
the united states and armenia share a special bond, and i am committed to doing everything i can to strengthen that… 
as a member of the bipartisan congressional armenian caucus, i am proud to stand with nj’s armenian community every… 
thank you to everyone who came out to honor the service of north jersey's firefighters at the th anniversary suss… 
#teamgottheimer joined hundreds of retired educators from across bergen county at the bergen county retired educato… 
this tuesday is the last day to register to vote in new jersey. your voice is your vote – so don't forget!  
but when owner jeanette iurato applied for non-profit status with the irs, she didn't hear back for  months. jean… 
the blairstown museum preserves the history of the blairstown area–including the filming of the iconic  horror… 
to learn about the next mobile office hours near you, sign up for my newsletter: 
my office can help cut the red tape with federal agencies like medicare, social security, and the va, as well as no… 
this week marked our th mobile office hour since i took office. we know you can't always make it to our offices,… 
and for #firepreventionweek, we joined woodcliff lake families to learn about fire prevention at the woodcliff lake… 
we celebrated #worldmentalhealthday with new bridge medical center  – the first new jersey medical center certified… 
in honor of #nationalcomingoutday, we were at the pride flag raising ceremony at valley hospital in paramus. 
this week, #teamgottheimer represented the fifth district at so many great north jersey events.
law-abiding citizens should be able to travel, reside, and work abroad without fear of persecution.
glad to see reports of pastor andrew brunson's release from captivity in turkey after nearly  years. earlier this… 
i heard from you about how our residents are concerned about their commutes, their taxes, and the health of their p… 
hearing directly from north jersey families helps me know how to best represent the fifth district and its concerns… 
my team is here to help north jersey residents. if you are having trouble with a federal agency, contact my office:… 
after nearly a year of not receiving the social security benefits because of a bureaucratic glitch, corrie besaw of… 
i was proud to join freeholder tom sullivan, senator gerald cardinale, , &amp; members of the montvale coun… 
nearly  years ago, the montvale volunteer fire department had one truck operating out of charles collignon's gara… 
earlier this year, i helped passed legislation to make it more affordable for habitat for humanity chapters in nort… 
for almost  years, bergen county  has helped build homes and make living more affordable for hundreds… 
thanks to everyone who stopped by our tables and who attended these great neighborhood events!
this weekend, #teamgottheimer was out in force at the allendale festival day, hackettstown community day, the newto… 
israel must not become a political football, especially as our strongest ally in the region. both democrats and rep… 
bucking the status quo &amp; finding commonsense solutions on is what leaders in nj want from their representatives–it'… 
proud to join county executive jim tedesco, freeholder mary amoroso, bergen county clerk john hogan, assemblymember… 
in ridgewood, #teamgottheimer joined members of the community and local officials to honor the service and sacrific… 
thank you for stepping up and going into harm’s way to keep our friends and neighbors safe every single day.
honored to join fire departments from across nj for the th anniversary sussex county inspection day parade. to ou… 
like millions of children in the 's &amp; early 's, new milford's own josh dela cruz grew up watching blues clues… 
#teamgottheimer joined the members of the rochelle park city council and assemblyman chris tully to honor former ro… 
...creating jobs, improving property values, and protecting our water. thank you to mayor kurt peluso, councilwoman… 
clawing back $. million from reckless polluters to invest in cleaning the drinking water for fair lawn's childre… 
new jersey needs real tax cuts, not tax hikes that only help states which already get millions more back from the f… 
the devastation of the state and local tax deduction sticks it to new jersey families and businesses, and the mooch… 
thank you to everyone who stopped by the #teamgottheimer table at the franklin borough carnival! great to see the h… 
join me tomorrow at :am at skf valley diner in closter for my th "cup of joe with josh!" 
last week,  executive committee members anita kober and robert la morte paid me a visit in washington. thank y… 
congratulations to fernando garip, myron corp, barbara and steven kessler, the koury family, and the adler family.
at the th anniversary  gala, #teamgottheimer presented the evening's honorees with certificates of c… 
this weekend, museums &amp; historical sites across sussex county will be open to showcase the county's history and cul… 
education &amp; vigilance are key to combatting human trafficking in new jersey and across the country. i'm proud to se… 
this victory also means jobs created by the clean-up efforts, improved property values surrounding the newly cleane… 
today, we celebrate a win for clean drinking water for our children, our seniors, and for our families by clawing b… 
manufacturing is the backbone of the american economy, and with more than  employers and , employees across… 
#teamgottheimer had a blast alongside the pumpkin decorating, pie contests, and the endless games and food at knowl… 
if you are having trouble with a federal agency, contact my office: -- in glen rock or -- in newton.
corrie contacted my office this summer, and together we were able to get her benefits restored and secure more than… 
after corrie besaw from sussex was told her critical social security disability checks would stop altogether, she f… 
the blue dog coalition has joined the problem solvers caucus in backing the break the gridlock proposals because th… 
i am proud to join in this #coffeewithacop tradition and thank the men and women who protect our families, kids, an… 
while touring new equipment at the washington township police department this morning, i got a chance to participat… 
proud to see bergen county getting over $ million in our federal tax dollars back to north jersey to help make a… 
the cleaning crews of paramus pride day got a helping hand from #teamgottheimer last weekend. great to see so many… 
i will continue to fight in washington for lower taxes for all new jersey families and businesses, and i call on ev… 
in the face of another tax hike being pushed through congress last week, new jersey followed through on its promise… 
proud to formally introduce h.res. , expressing our support for the break the gridlock rules reform package, la… 
nj residents have seen their interests sidelined too many times by a system that empowers the voices of a few extre… 
#teamgottheimer joined the hundreds of folks who turned out for the vernon pba beefsteak dinner, including mayor ha… 
..., , , , , , , … 
i'm proud of every representative standing for break the gridlock reforms so we can vote on bipartisan ideas for th… 
last week, nineteen members of the problem solvers caucus stood together to call on leadership in both parties to h… 
interested in applying to a service academy? join us for our info session on october nd at newton high school at … 
#teamgottheimer joined tour de farm – a bike race that goes through many of the major farms in the blairstown area.… 
instead of letting obstructionists create roadblocks to bipartisan consensus, the american people deserve action. w… 
#teamgottheimer was on site for the grand opening of the new retro fitness on sparta avenue in newton. congrats to… 
the american people know that congress isn’t working. we need to break the gridlock for commonsense solutions to ge… 
always proud to work with becky carlson and  to help those suffering get the care they need.
no community is immune to the opioid crisis ravaging america's families. nj &amp; particularly sussex county are no exc… 
the th annual clothesline project raises awareness around issues of domestic violence and empowers survivors to b… 
great news! starting oct. st the coach usa bus service from vernon to midtown will move the departure time to  a.… 
we've had enough of the gridlock in washington. it's time for us to come together and pass commonsense, bipartisan… 
seniors at the americas unidas multicultural senior center in hackensack have for decades supported our families, o… 
new jersey was just ranked the worst tax environment in the country for businesses for the fourth year in a row by… 
on wednesday, the house passed her bipartisan bill helping prevent another tragedy like / from ever occurring ag… 
ellen saracini, the widow of united flight  captain victor saracini, has spent the last  years fighting tirele… 
thank you to the  and others that helped to give out flu shots at the land and sea diner this week. make… 
thank you  for your service and to fair lawn for honoring our troops. 
at the fire watch festival in fair lawn, i was challenged by mayor kurt peluso and assemblyman chris tully to a pul… 
the more riders we have, the more likely it is to become a long-term option. check it out! 
bright &amp; early friday morning, i greeted riders on the coach usa trial route from vernon to midtown to talk about t… 
the evidence couldn’t be clearer – seat belts in school buses save lives. background checks for bus drivers save li… 
i visited the bmw north american hq in woodcliff lake on my #madeinthefifth tour. businesses like bmw are creating… 
our teachers &amp; students shouldn't have to worry about violence in our schools. there’s no reason we shouldn’t be ab… 
incredibly proud to stand with joevanny vargas and state legislators to keep new jersey children safe when they are… 
#teamgottheimer was proud to attend the saddle river police department promotions this week. congratulations to all… 
as someone who grew up and is now raising my family in north jersey, i know there is nothing we take more seriously… 
#teamgottheimer was out in teaneck for a beautiful afternoon at the bergen street fest with food trucks and live mu… 
the irs leaves no doubt: making the salt cap permanent significantly jacks up taxes on nj families. our state needs… 
folks in greater vernon area deserve more options on the road. that's why i've worked w/ coach usa to bring a new b… 
...and claw back as many of our federal tax dollars to keep them safe." 
"i don't want any parent, here in the th district, in our state, or across the country, to have to worry if the wa… 
addressing the commute times for the vernon area has been a priority since day one. proud to work with coach usa to… 
what a game! congrats to the sussex county miners on their first can-am league championship! 
proud to kick off the  half marathon and k with assemblywoman lisa swain last week! thank you to the c… 
i will fight back against any attempt to make the salt tax hike permanent. it's a raw deal for new jersey when we n… 
g’mar chatima tova. wishing an easy fast to those observing yom kippur on this highest of holy days. 
when you're the congressman from north jersey, you hold your town halls in diners. i sat down with  from… 
...state building trades president bill mullins, bergen building trades president rick sabato, ibew local  presi… 
...and provide high quality services to our communities. among those also in attendance were  international pr… 
#teamgottheimer was proud to attend the grand opening of the new ibew training academy in paramus! the facility wil… 
earlier this month in d.c., i hosted th district mayors to talk with federal agencies about how to bring back more… 
i spent hours looking through old pictures yesterday, and every one has her grinning from ear to ear. i love this picture of her.
i always saw my achievements as mom’s wins, too — and i think that’s how she viewed them.  i think it’s fair to say… 
she was the fun, generous mom and aunt, and the grandmother who never said no to her grandkids.
she literally lived for her magnificent grandchildren, the loves of her life, insisting to me that she loved them m… 
she loved being a school teacher, but she saw her number one job as teaching and raising me and my sister emily.
to me, gwenn kuskin feldman was always larger than life. she was beautiful and graceful, with a smile that would li… 
i can’t thank everyone enough for the outpouring of love and support these last days. my mom was one of a kind and… 
for me, america holds no commitment more sacred than the one we have to those who've served our nation. as your rep… 
"here in new jersey, we must embrace our common humanity and our democracy – all in pursuit of building, as is said… 
...oakland, emerson, glen rock, allendale, oradell, woodcliff lake, montvale, rivervale and fair lawn.
#teamgottheimer was honored to stand with first responders and remember the lives we lost on / across the distri… 
...serving around the world, to keep us safe from terror and evil. thank you for your service and your sacrifice so… 
...protecting our communities and families. they represent the best of us, running into harm’s way when everyone el… 
honored to attend the / memorial service at the bergen county law and safety institute to honor the tragic loss… 
great news! yesterday, coach usa announced a new commuter line from vernon to nyc. i’m proud to be part of this cri… 
i want to thank the heroic americans who fight to defend our freedoms and the cops and firefighters who keep us saf… 
we will always remember those we lost on september th, and the first responders who bravely answered the call on… 
any veteran who needs assistance with services of any kind is encouraged to contact my office at () -.
thank you to all veterans services organizations and everyone else who attended our veteran services fair in bogota… 
we can dig it! congratulations to the  on advancing to the   championship! good luck in ga… 
the problem solvers caucus is focused on what's best for the american people. always happy to sit down with my frie… 
l’shana tovah from my family to yours! wishing all who celebrate a sweet new year!
we've got to be tough on china, but we have to be smart and targeted in the way we levy tariffs. i will keep fighti… 
new jersey families cannot afford another tax hike like the one being pushed in washington, which would permanently… 
we need lower taxes to keep businesses and families in new jersey. the first step is fixing the tax hike bill's dev… 
hernand kafafian is a distinguished veteran that has dedicated his life to serving our country at home and abroad.… 
i am proud to stand united to oppose a nearly $ million per day in tax on american businesses and consumers. ther…   : hey  --   stop with the lies and distractions &amp; actually stand up for pre-existing condition protections.…
 : #capac members condemn trump proposal to end #birthrightcitizenship. read chairwoman  &amp; capac immigration taskforce c…
donald trump needs to take a high school government class. 
there are over  million americans who are the children of immigrants. this isn’t about immigration — this hurts c… 
read the constitution, .   “all persons born or naturalized in the united states, and subject to th… 
the th amendment of the constitution says all people born or naturalized in the united states are citizens. this… 
each of us has a role to play in the work of repair and healing in the coming days, months and years. justice does… 
it cannot be lost on any of us that the shooter targeted the jewish community in part for its strong support of ref… 
these men and women were unacceptably targeted simply for being jewish. through song, prayer and the rituals of the… 
at temple de hirsch sinai, i stood proudly with thousands who gathered to show our deepest support for the jewish c… 
more than  people at  - too many to fit inside the temple - in seattle to mourn those lost in p… 
 : . and  have worked hard to build an inclusive democracy and fought for immigrant communities.…
synagogues should be places of safety and community. seattle stands with the jewish community in pittsburgh. a vigi… 
.: “the apparent spark for the worst anti-semitic massacre in american history was a racist hoax inflame… 
 : today is the last day you can register to vote for the nov general election. we're open until : p.m. in both renton and…
 : may their memories be for a blessing: joyce feinberg,  rich gotfried,  rose malinger,  jerry rabinowitz,  cecil…
our office is thrilled to help local students make progress toward their educational goals. thank you to my staff a… 
the #goptaxscam is on track to increase the deficit to over $ trillion (trillion!) by . most americans say the… 
we are so grateful for the work of ⁦⁩ for the incredible work done for refugees from around the world.… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
"extremism has been present in america for a long time.  but trump is applying a match to the kindling."   
our state government has a plan to save our puget sound orcas from extinction. this is such a critical step to save… 
here with  to honor my dear friend diane narasaki and her amazing legacy &amp; the incredible work of… 
 : as we try to process this horrifying tragedy, we pray that the american jewish community and the country can find healing…
need help with your fafsa or wafsa applications? my office wants to help you! our fafsa-wafsa financial aid worksho… 
 : due to an increased volume of citizens registering to vote, king county elections will be open for in-person voter registr…
 : trump wants europe to match us military spending  but what if we matched europe's?  we could: - give health care to m un…
 : jeff finkelstein, ceo of the jewish federation of greater pittsburgh, on shooting: "this should not be happening, period.…
this is a horrific attack. my heart goes out to the jewish community in pittsburgh and all who are affected.   we m… 
trump’s epa just approved  new pfas chemicals that are known to be associated with cancer, hormonal disruption,… 
 : on /, we're honoring  and  with our #newamericanheroaward for their work building an inclu…
america’s students are $. trillion in debt. we need stronger, bolder policies that protect our students from frau… 
a treat to eat at  today, meet co-owner victoria, and be in anticipation of their upcoming… 
vulnerable people are knocking on america’s doors to get in line and apply for asylum—a  percent lawful act. thi… 
in , undocumented immigrants paid $. billion dollars in taxes for benefits they can’t even use, like social… 
it’s hard to take trump’s “revolutionary” drug price plan seriously when he’s spent two years trying to slash healt… 
congratulations to sahle-work zewde, ethiopia’s first woman president! “the appointment of a female head of state n… 
 : brazilian presidential candidate jair bolsonaro has run a campaign marked by hate speech, misinformation, &amp; praise for the…
scott shuchart had to choose between keeping an oath as a civil servant to protect the rights of children and famil… 
i haven't agreed with many of the things that  has said or done, but this is true leadership and brings… 
enormous thanks to the  and law enforcement officials who were able to quickly apprehend the domestic terrorist… 
two-thirds of voters oppose detaining families with children who come to the border to seek asylum. these are fathe… 
among workers without college degrees, women earn an average of % of what men take home. women of color make even… 
climate instability leads to political instability—the united states is no different. if we continue to let climate… 
the only things republicans will protect are their pockets and the interests of insurance companies. do not believe… 
the gop pushed through a trillion dollar tax cuts for the rich while quietly planning cuts to social security, medi… 
honored to have received a perfect score on 's congressional scorecard! i will always fight for policies that s… 
proud to receive a % score from the ⁦⁩ for my voting record in the th congress! i will always… 
. says “both sides need to bring it down a notch,” but he is forgetting that trump is the president.… 
 : this story, which is happening right now, in america, should be covered more aggressively than a caravan that’s  mil…
 : new to washington state? don't forget to register to vote! the in-person deadline is oct. th. visit your county elections…
you can’t decry it when you stoke it every single day; when you encourage violence at your rallies; when you lie &amp;… 
this is why we cannot continue to let powerful men get away with assault, abuse, and vulgarity—it only creates a to… 
 tribes, including  in washington state, just received funding for the tribal access program. the program grants… 
"time and time again, the president has condoned physical violence... expressing support for the congressman who bo… 
a new model of wind turbines creates enough clean power for up to , households per turbine. the  by ‘ act… 
huge. 
trump threat's to pre-existing conditions would harm millions of americans, including over , people in washing… 
i condemn these bomb attacks in the strongest possible terms. outspoken progressive voices will never be silenced b… 
trump rolled out his cruel family separation policy with no notice to dhs or hhs officials expected to carry out th… 
central americans are fleeing poverty and violence. trump’s “solution” to cut foreign aid to the region will only e… 
 : thank you to  for meeting with us! #districtadvocate 
 : today is the rd annual #istandwithimmigrants college &amp; university day of action. we're proud to stand in solidarity with a…
this is not courage. 
 : my fellow music industry colleagues and i had a great meeting with ⁦⁩ today! we are lucky to have such champion of a…
this is exciting news: coho salmon returning to a section of the lostine river just below old chief joseph's origin… 

disgusting despicable lies from this president. what "emergency"? what  "middle easterners"? and since when is bein… 
“we are developing genetic risk tools that people of color will not benefit from.”   i introduced the south asian h… 
great meeting with giving tech labs! we learned about projects like e-immigrate, a portal that connects people to s… 
this new report just confirmed what labor organizers have been saying from the beginning: we are all better off whe… 
in college? need help with fafsa or wafsa applications? our office is holding a financial aid workshop this sunday… 
trump has repeatedly attacked medicare for all. he should check in with the % of republican voters that support t… 
 :  members of congress are calling on the trump administration to tell us when  knew that the saudi regime was tr…
the president is talking about withdrawing from the inf treaty on nuclear weapons. this would be extremely dangerou… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
⬇️⬇️⬇️ 
this is voter fraud—not the false claims  keeps making. 
the trump administration  is drafting a policy that would essentially eradicate government recognition of . milli… 
children are children: they should not be serving lifetime sentences before they are fully mentally developed. wash… 
 million are at risk of famine if this unconstitutional, u.s.-funded war in yemen continues. i’m joining… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
threatening to cut off aid to central america will only worsen the extreme violence that mothers, fathers, and chil… 
seattle’s gun-storage law is common sense: children should not be able access your firearms. in seattle and king co… 
 : whoops: remember when republicans celebrated the results of a study about seattle's minimum wage? that study has now b…
that's . sorry for the wrong twitter handle!
 : nice to see  at  tonight. thanks for continuously standing up for women and immigrants. #seattle #wom…
packed house for #marchforourlives event here in seattle..these inspiring young people are at the center of a giant… 
the report makes it clear: we need to pass the dignity for detained immigrants act now. 
yuusuf fled violence in somalia but was detained in the united states for over  days.   read this report from th… 
student debt disproportionately impacts our most vulnerable student populations.   we need legislation like the col… 
this is bigotry, plain and simple.  sending love to the trans community today. we will stand with you and fight thi… 
corn yields could drop in half within the next  years due to extreme weather. our nation’s soil and water quality… 
my colleagues and i have a proposed a detailed election security policy. the gop and trump refuse to take it seriou… 
the world wants justice for murdered journalist jamal khashoggi. meanwhile, trump makes jokes about assaulting repo… 
donald trump said his #goptaxscam had nothing to do with the hole in the deficit—he’s lying. the tax scam is expect… 
voting is the cornerstone to our democracy. proud to see king county and washington state using their voices! 
health insurance coverage improved dramatically under the affordable care act – for all ages, racial/ethnic groups,… 
thank you  and   for leading the way in what it looks like for our corporate leaders to be part… 
president nixon set off the saturday night massacre when he fired the special prosecutor investigating the watergat… 
this is just outrageous. the  gop is blatantly doing everything possible to disenfranchise voters and kill democrac… 
 : any surprise that the man who can't condemn his saudi buddies for murdering a journalist is more than happy to praise…
rescinding this rule will only hurt the competitiveness of u.s. employers, our economy, and spouses and families ac… 
happy birthday, ! 💜💛  years of excellence and counting. proud to represent our brilliant huskies in congress. #wday #gohuskies
jamal khashoggi's last column is on the need for a global free press. if he was murdered inside the saudi arabian e… 
washington’s voting period starts today. share your voice, vote! voters have until pm on november  to return thei… 
donald trump is bashing immigrants ahead of an election, again, to rile up his base. most americans see right throu… 
what happened to five-year-old helen shouldn’t happen to anyone, let alone children.   the trump administration is… 
a major loss for betsy devos and a major win for students across the country! 
so honored to be part of this amazing group and receive an award from this amazing organization. thanks… 
 : . joins  on rebel headquarters coming up! tune in at    #tytlive
so ridiculous. there's common sense, bipartisan legislation we can pass to fix our broken immigration system. the d… 
agustin, a cuban asylum seeker: "i had to leave my country to try for a better life. i still have my dignity."  the… 
gop: *transfers wealth away from middle class, cuts taxes for the rich, runs up the deficit* gop: but why is the bu… 
it's hard to get much passed in this congress, but i worked to add sections to h.r.  to study the impact of airp… 
 : thanks to a partnership between  and , eligible daca recipients in seattle may be able to get as…
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
some days it feels like we don’t hear a single piece of positive news. well, i’m an eternal optimist.   here are … 
the gop didn’t think twice about ballooning the deficit, granting tax breaks for our wealthiest businesses and indi… 
 : the draft proposal i saw would weaken protections for women and make sexual assault on campus more likely. that’s a fact a…
rest in peace, my friend, my brother in the movement for justice.  here is an interview with david in  from pet… 
david was a husband to a strong wife, &amp; the proud father of a son &amp; two daughters. i send my deepest condolences to… 
david described being tortured as “the best experience in my life. being tortured is like running a marathon.  it t… 
in addition to , the pramila for congress campaign, &amp; working washington, david worked for many yea… 
later, when i decided to run for congress in , david left his job at  to run the field program for my… 
i was proud to have david serve as the organizing director at oneamerica, where he helped build our statewide organ… 
last night, david ayala-zamora passed away. a union organizer and immigrant rights organizer, david was a true cham… 
 : if you want #dueprocess support the survivors’ access to supportive care act and increase access to evidence collection.…
. denied .% of applicants for the public service loan forgiveness program. by doing so, she puts ou… 
five major pharmaceutical corporations benefited from the #goptaxscam and publicly-funded research…but their prescr… 
my staff met with  nw and  to discuss the berta cáceres act.   berta was a brave honduran… 
the latest attack by republican lawmakers on snap and medicaid is a disgusting example of racism, classism, and bla… 
the flores agreement requires detained children be treated with dignity and respect. trump tried to claim the agree… 
i was very proud to receive an award from  last year as a new member of congress!  and… 
what is "disturbing" is that gop transfers trillions of dollars of wealth away from the middle class, runs up the d… 
nobody should have to decide between life saving medicine and a mountain of debt.   demanding quality, affordable h… 
mary mayhew wants stricter requirements for medicaid enrollees, refused to implement a medicaid expansion that main… 
 in  washingtonians delay needed care due to costs. in states without expanded medicare, that number is  in .… 
the puget sound was once home to  orcas; just  remain. we need bold changes now to protect our beloved orca po… 
 : read my statement with  about the news that the trump administration is once again considering a cruel fami…
the recent report on the horrors of the adelanto detention facility shed a much-needed light on the abuses at ice f… 
medicaid work rules will doom millions of americans and it was all passed through by scott walker's own republican… 
it’s time to bring the u.s. infrastructure into the st century. smarter, more sustainable energy sources like sol… 
paul allen's philanthropic work leaves a legacy that will be deeply felt and enjoyed in seattle for generations to… 
our tax code is made to benefit the rich and powerful. the #goptaxscam ensured that the law’s benefits went to the… 
 : it’s #metoooneyearlater &amp; what a year it’s been, from news of  paying off women he had affairs w/soon after the birth…
 i watched this on a plane ride and was totally charmed!
 : we stood strong when the department of justice threatened to withhold federal funds from welcoming cities like seattle beca…
 : a video speech from  discussing the importance of social media for businesses owned by women and poc, % of said bu…
donald trump's administration is all bluster, chaos, threats and bullying.  but seattle stared the justice departme… 
 : must read: a report compiled by the office of congresswoman :  detained: abuse and mistreatment in ice detent…
. on dr. ford’s testimony: “it doesn’t matter. we won.”  you mocked dr. ford and undermined an enti… 
while trump continues to attack pro-environmental policies and protections, stellar researchers like ’s own dr.… 
 : there is no reason that anyone in the us should die from a simple sinus infection, yet that is exactly what happened to sa…
in , % of king county residents did not receive a flu shot. with #medicareforall, we can create a healthier w… 
the first amendment grants freedom of assembly. now president trump wants to regulate protests in our nation’s capi… 
who better to run the doj’s environmental division than...a climate skeptic? this person’s job is to protect the pl… 
 : important read - in a nutshell explains the intricate history behind the immigration movement, &amp; why  who puts peop…
 : this article highlights the tireless, decades-long work of   on immigration — having her in the house and represe…
thank you , , , , , , … 
one thing that has become crystal clear to me: dems will never "out-enforce" this gop. trump &amp; cronies want to keep… 
this. “though everyone says the system is broken, there’s also a nod-nod wink-wink belief that it is broke, so don’… 
with  &amp; , we helped rally people everywhere to condemn trump's outrageous family separations a… 
proud to be in the movement w/my dear friend : “the days are gone for any democrat to think that sa… 
bashing candidates  being pro-immigrant doesn't work."when republicans used this playbook last year, the politics… 
this feels true, : "somehow jayapal would have to navigate both sides—agitating and legislating, cross… 
. cover is long look at the politics of #immigration &amp; raises the work ahead for dems. i've always believed… 
 : kudos to rep jayapal for putting principles above politics.  she’s a hero for human rights. #keepfamiliestogether …
thank you   for a great episode on #immigration on #unitedshades.  important for people to understand th… 
   beautiful. tough, but beautiful! thank you all so much!
, voter applications were suspended in georgia. over two-thirds of those applicants were black. it has been ov… 
  i read the book when it came out and wept. i am so looking forward to tonight!
 : 👉🏽 “there is no better illustration of the wholesale surrender of congress’s oversight responsibility than the moribund oversig…
the wealthiest don't pay their fair share...certainly not the president's family. all at the cost of working people… 
read this excellent oped by my colleague ⁦⁩ on how a democratic house would provide an essential chec… 
excited to be taking an evening to spend with seattle's amazing theater scene--going to  to see  splendid suns.
washington has the highest percentage of female construction workers in the country—but that doesn’t mean they don’… 
 : this important long read on us immigration politics demonstrates yet again the power of bold, visionary immigrant women lead…
let’s be clear: the climate is changing because of human action. there’s a way to stop it, but denying science is n… 
 : . this week features ’s smart take on democrats, #immigration, and what’s ahead — with perspective from…
 : detained: abuse and mistreatment in ice detention centers   #justiceforall
this canadian doctor puts a republican senator in his place on universal health care. 
 : #freedomforimmigrants has endorsed the dignity for detained immigrants act, and we are so grateful for bold representat…
 : stephen miller can’t do this. he thinks that ripping families apart “worked,”now they want to do it again.  we are in a fi…
 : proud to join over  of my colleagues on this letter condemning the trump admin for moving over , migrant children, i…
as of sept. , over  children were still separated from their families. now trump wants to tear children from t… 
 years ago, matthew shepard was killed in a brutal act of bigoted violence. the lgbtq community, especially queer… 
 : this report from  shows what lgbtq and other immigrants face in ice detention: sexual assault, lack of medical ca…
from helping you relocate a seized antique flask to assisting you with medicare coverage, if you have a problem wit… 
trump disagrees with #medicareforall and is spreading lies about it.   me? i’m one of * percent* of americans who… 
i am proud to receive a % in the  congressional voting record! i will never stop fighting for wom… 
 : a powerful #storymap from  of washington state calls attention to abuse at ice centers and promotes the dignit…
 : important piece by  (full disclosure: my fiance) in    "unlike [gop] voters, who routinely punish th…
in : "they understand now, through trial and error, that if they get a deal but their parents get deported,… 
 : thankful that ⁦⁩ leads in visionary solutions for addressing #immigration &amp; while the issue is complex, we need th…
this is huge. washington's supreme court just found that the death penalty is applied in an "arbitrary and racially… 
 : we need to end the use of private detention – passing the dignity for detained immigrants act that i’ve introduced with …
 : today the democratic party is generally pro-immigration. and yet many of its elected officeholders remain deeply wary of saying…
 : "in early june, the washington office of representative pramila jayapal began to hear rumors about the women."  …
 :  we're proud to be in the fight for comprehensive immigration reform alongside you, congresswoman. ✊🏾 new facial recognition software is an example of how new tech developed with good intentions can be detrimental to… 
refugees are not a national security threat to this country. tax cuts for billionaires that destroy our ability to… 
 : . and progressive democrats hope ‘blue wave’ shakes up american defense policy via  …
social media companies must start taking responsibility for hate speech on their platforms. they must invest in a h… 
secretary  believes we need an internet bill of rights. what about you ? 
trump, who claims to be an originalist, should read history. lincoln’s ag said re th amendment: “i am quite clear… 
the devastating attack at tree of life synagogue has become too familiar for jewish americans. in , anti-semiti… 
looking forward to discussing what i have been up to in congress with my constituents at my next town hall in sunny… 
conspiracies that claim that the influx of refugees are a jewish or islamophobic plot are bigoted dog whistles with… 
we cannot return to the days of poll taxes, literacy tests, and other forms of jim crow voter suppression. the righ… 
my next town hall is coming up on sunday, november  in sunnyvale at pm. follow the link for more information and… 
this shooting is horrific particularly as it is in a place of worship. our nation needs to speak with one voice aga… 
i’m introducing the coretta king full employment federal reserve act today to ensure that  stays foc… 
 : progressives have long argued that the federal reserve concentrates on keeping inflation low at the cost of too much unempl…
brazilian presidential candidate jair bolsonaro has run a campaign marked by hate speech, misinformation, &amp; praise… 
stopping a famine that is impacting  million people in yemen should not be a partisan issue. regardless of the po… 
the majority of both democrats and republicans support #medicareforall. enough is enough, healthcare is a right, no… 
next month i will introduce legislation with    to award the congressional gold med… 
 : members of congress are raising the alarm about the potential for a violent crackdown in brazil with far-right candidate…
silicon valley tech companies should be horrified by the saudis’ barbarity, both in yemen and in their treatment of… 
 : u.s. lawmakers want “severe consequences” for brazil if jair bolsonaro delivers on promised violence …
end the wars, tax the wealthy, and heal the sick. that is what a moral, rational government would do. it is why we… 
.'s historic military justice act of  fundamentally reformed the military justice system. the bil… 
 : the brutal murder of mr. khashoggi demands that we make clear that united states support for saudi arabia is not unconditio…
 : yemen is in a state of emergency – a humanitarian disaster at the hands of the saudi alliance. i’m fighting in congress…
our nation was founded on the belief that differences are resolved through reasoned debate, not political violence.… 
i am deeply concerned about the spate of recent attempted bombings against figures in the democratic party and the… 
 : just sayin' - silicon valley democratic  is one of the few ca house members to hold monthly town hall meetings…
thanks to the combined efforts of south bay residents and staff in my office, the  recently announced they… 
 : “i think [healthcare] is the issue, from a moral and economic perspective, facing the united states.”  explain…
i’m joining  tonight shortly after pm et to discuss the midterms. hope you will tune in.
 : joining  tonight:        …
 : california's  live in studio  
economic concentration has always been a threat to our prosperity and modern agribusiness corporate mergers are no… 
yes. they absolutely should, ! 
 : ending support for the saudi war in yemen is exactly what my colleagues and i tried to do earlier this year with sj res .…
 : tonight  (d-calif) joins me on my  show live in studio to talk trump's new cruel attack on tran…
on this day in ,  americans were killed in a terrorist attack on the marine barracks in beirut, lebanon. on… 
 :  members of congress are calling on the trump administration to tell us when  knew that the saudi regime was tr…
even the weekly standard is calling for an end to the war in afghanistan. lawmakers should take notice. those who w… 
as the son of immigrants, i know firsthand how much immigrants contribute to our economy and society. we must end t… 
 : this morning on the blog, wake up and read  statement of left foreign policy principles here: …
 : . is right. after khashoggi's murder, congress must end us military participation in the saudi war in yemen: h…
the new employment opportunities climate mitigation and adaptation efforts create can greatly benefit our economy.
despite our growing gdp, wages have remained stagnant for decades, and the gop tax scam has done nothing to address… 
together we will reject this hateful and discriminatory agenda from the trump administration.
this proposal is a targeted attack on the lives of  million people, effectively abandoning transgender people’s ri… 
by now, we all know what saudi prince mohammad bin salman's regime is capable of. it's time for action. congress mu… 
 :  million are at risk of famine if this unconstitutional, u.s.-funded war in yemen continues. i’m joining  and…
the tech community must show that it will not be rendered indifferent to human rights abuses by business deals. we… 
not only should the united states legalize recreational marijuana as our canadian neighbors have recently done, we… 
i sponsored the no unconstitutional strike against north korea act because i support working with the international… 
h.con.res.  to end the u.s.-saudi war in yemen must receive a floor vote as soon as possible when congress comes… 
#ca, open enrollment for your new  health care plans has started. visit  to learn how to enroll today.
a true solution to the migrant crisis requires democracy in honduras. a us-backed coup in ' plunged honduras into… 
we need to see more democrats like  proposing legislation consistent with our foundational eitc exp… 
jamal khashoggi's murder is an affront to human rights in general and american values in particular, and so are sau… 
i'm proud to announce that i have received an 'f' from the nra for my work in the th congress. i will never apol… 
 : here's how congress could force president trump to withdraw u.s. forces from the war in yemen. 
we need a green new deal which gets our economy to % renewable energy by  if we want to stop the worst effec… 
 : silicon valley leaders question ties with saudi government: #khashoggi   
i'm proud to have received a % rating from the  for the th congress. we have come a long way in my lifeti… 
americans deserve to feel safe on the internet. it is congress’ responsibility to ensure those rights and protect p… 
the annual earnings for a person working full-time at the federal minimum wage is only $, a year. how is anyon… 
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
 : . says silicon valley companies should stop accepting $ from saudi arabia because of its war in #yemen, and the #kh…
 : cpc co-founder  and cpc members ,  and  are introducing privileged mea…
it is no surprise that saudi despot-in-chief mohammad bin salman felt emboldened to kill jamal khashoggi since they… 
the war in afghanistan is now a full-blown catastrophe. much of the country is yet again under taliban control and… 
i am hopeful that within the first  days of the next congress we will be able to vote on and pass the internet b… 
climate change isn’t just going to go away. the intergovernmental panel on climate change’s report is clear: effort… 
 years ago, the clean water act was passed to ensure pollutants did not taint our water resources, yet today plac… 
silicon valley's middle class is shrinking. over the past twenty years, wages have decreased for everyone except th… 
many thanks to the  for listening to the concerns of residents in the south bay about airport noise and dro… 
we don’t need “allies” who plot to murder permanent residents of our country for exercising their st amendment rig… 
 : “i’m hearing, on both sides of the aisle, a questioning of the saudi relationship, more so after the khashoggi incident t…
 : "i’m hearing, on both sides of the aisle, a questioning of the saudi relationship more so after the khashoggi incident than…
the saudi-led coalition is out of control. former u.s. personnel are working to help them commit assassinations in… 
we need to discuss modernizing the court. prof. bruce ackerman's proposal where justices move to the circuit courts… 
another day, another saudi air strike against civilians. this cannot continue. we must end the war in yemen and com… 
 : this was a slow-motion car crash. even before ^^^, saudi's most vocal critic among house dems,  told us congre…
paul allen made extraordinary contributions to technology and helped shape the software revolution. my thoughts are… 
this decision was made at the highest level and there must be accountability. the saudis must release information r… 
there is no reason that anyone in the us should die from a simple sinus infection, yet that is exactly what happene… 
 : my colleague  and i are demanding #justiceforjamal: did trump's intel agencies warn khashoggi of the threat o…
the trump administration is responsible for kidnapping migrant children as political hostages and holding them in c… 
china may have infiltrated the global technology supply chain by implanting tiny microchips into motherboards used… 
#ca, there are just a few days left  to register for the congressional app challenge! all middle and high schoole… 
amazon is doing the right thing by raising its minimum wage to $ an hour. other profitable multi-billion dollar c… 
the saudi regime led by crown prince mohammad bin salman is starving over  million yemenis to death with the aid o… 
 : did you see  on ? watch his response to trump's refusal to end weapons sales to saudi arabia, despit…
veterans are being forced into debt and could face homelessness because the va isn't paying them correctly. they pu… 
nikki haley withdrew the u.s. from the u.n. humans rights council, a disappointing abandonment of our nation’s inte… 
the digital age demands a new bill of rights to protect our freedom. it is now up to congress to answer that call a… 
at least  deaths have already been confirmed from hurricane michael. congress must act with haste to make sure th… 
 : jeff bezos of amazon raised the minimum wage for his employees to $ after congressman  introduced the "stop…
 : 🎧📻listen: i talked with  about what steps he thinks the us should take in response to the disappearance of …
 : california congressman  responds to the saudis involvement in silicon valley: "my concern is that the saudis…
 : california congressman  says the disappearance and likely murder of journalist jamal khashoggi is part of "a…
 : . of california on the u.s. selling weapons to saudi arabia to use in yemen: "i don't think there's a single…
 : today: democratic congressman  responds to the brutal torture and probable murder of saudi-born journalist ja…
i will be on  this morning at am et to discuss recent developments regarding saudi arabia and the war… 
#nationalcomingoutday celebrates its th anniversary. today we celebrate and show our support to the lgbtq+ commun… 
with all the various crises facing our country, it’s unfortunate that the gop conference chose to spend their last… 
i’m deeply concerned with the recently approved merger between cvs and aetna which will likely reduce health care o… 
it takes courage to turn to the us and seek refuge, to flee one’s home country. it takes a very distasteful type of… 
 : we see you. we hear you. we love you. wishing the very best to everyone coming out today and everyone still looking for th…
 : ===&gt;: end u.s. aid to saudi arabia over journalist disappearance 
 : congressman ro khanna: end u.s. aid to saudi arabia over journalist disappearance  https://t.co…
perhaps we should rename the stop bezos act to focus on the ceo of  or ’s, whose wages are still t… 
as hurricane michael hits our shores in florida, the top priority is to keep people safe. make sure to follow instr… 
 : here’s an article about  in   about his comment on my  show about why is the media mak…
i look forward to seeing you at my next town hall on october th at the milpitas high school gym from :pm-:p… 
october - is #mentalillnessawarenessweek.  in  adults in the united states live with a mental illness. this we… 
i hope congress will stand up to this administration, end our involvement in the war in yemen and cut of all arms sales to saudi arabia.
from the war in yemen, to their recent diplomatic expulsion of our nato ally canada, it’s time we come to grips wit… 
if the allegations are true, i hope this is a serious wake-up call to the trump administration and dc more broadly… 
thread - i’m very concerned with the alleged news of the saudis killing washington post journalist and virginia res… 
you should have the right to know and have access to your data. i joined  on  to explain my inte… 
 : . says he's confident idea act will pass before end of lame-duck congress  story by…
millions of americans are struggling to get by earning the federal minimum wage of $./hour. it's time to raise t… 
 : tonight  (d-calif) is on my  show to talk his new proposal for an internet bill of rights. plus…
six years ago,  was shot for daring to champion the right of women to receive an education. her bravery and… 
as a result of u.s. involvement in the war in yemen at least , yemenis have died,  million are displaced, and… 
 : the us has quietly supported the saudi-led campaign in yemen for years. , yemenis have died. millions more have been di…
 : “the yemeni people are suffering. instead of supporting more bombing, the united states can help bring peace to the region. con…
as we celebrate lgbtq history month and remember all the progress we've made from harvey milk to the legalization o… 
i support this call from rep. . the american people deserve answers. 
natural disasters, risks to public health, and international conflict are all extreme consequences of climate chang… 
 : today is a profoundly heart-breaking day. the  majority has done violence to the reputation of both the senate j…
today’s vote is very troubling but we will continue to press forward. let the anger and concern renew our commitmen… 
amazon’s announcement that they would raise wages should not be an excuse for us to stop fighting, but should inste… 
 : silicon valley congressman  explains his ‘internet bill of rights’  
sens. collins and manchin have now shared they plan to vote yes on confirming judge kavanaugh. regardless of this w… 
 : .⁦⁩ unveils an internet bill of rights. #siliconvalley (story via ⁦⁩) 
judge brett kavanaugh lacks the temperament and credibility to serve as a federal judge. by pushing his nomination… 
all relevant elements uncovered by the fbi’s investigation into judge kavanaugh must be made public. his confirmati… 
it is essential to provide americans with basic protections online. this is my internet bill of rights endorsed by… 
 : . tasked  with coming up with principles for how americans should be treated online. he shared with…
medicare for all has to be a top priority for democrats in the next congress. we need to push for affordable and qu… 
 : nancy pelosi charged ro khanna with creating a statement of principles for how americans should be treated on the internet.…
i stand with dr. christine blasey ford. brett kavanaugh is not fit to sit on the supreme court. #believesurvivors 
 : here i am again: introducing the internet bill of rights   via  
the internet age and digital revolution have changed americans' way of life. it is essential that we have an intern… 
/ -- this bill would require employers to report their numbers of sexual assault, harassment, and discrimination… 
/ -- that is why i am cosponsoring the ending secrecy about workplace sexual harassment act from my friend .
/ -- women and men all around the country face sexual assault, harassment, and discrimination based on their iden… 
i urge the international community to stand in solidarity with the people of indonesia and provide them with any ai… 
my heart goes out to the people of indonesia currently recovering from an earthquake and tsunami. more than  people have died.
threats against nuclear-armed powers are irresponsible and unacceptable. there is only one path to resolving issues… 
i applaud jeff bezos for increasing amazon’s minimum wage to $ per hour. this is a victory for , amazon emp… 
today is the  year anniv. of the mental health parity and addiction equity act, a bill which stopped insurers fro… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
i'm working on a bill to end u.s. election meddling. by taking this bold stand, we would send a message to the worl… 
yesterday’s announcement from amazon should not be an excuse for us to rest on our laurels, but should motivate us… 
republican efforts to remove protections for endangered species will impact all americans. we must do everything we… 
 : .,  &amp; thousands of activists &amp; workers pushed  to do the right thing – resulting in a huge win…
 : what happened at amazon is a big step forward for workers across the nation. i want to thank the many hundreds of workers a…
today is a great victory for workers at amazon and the #fightfor. although the establishment did not take… 
 : history is repeating itself before our eyes. women like christine blasey ford—just like anita hill back in —are being…
but amazon’s action shows that our bill can inspire multi-billion dollar companies to raise the wages of their work… 
we called on jeff bezos to do this and be the henry ford of his generation and raise wages. i am glad amazon listen… 
i applaud amazon's decision to start paying all its employees (including temporary and seasonal workers) at least $… 
 : it’s time to get billionaires off of welfare. billionaire owners, not middle class taxpayers, should be responsible for ma…
the u.s. has used private military contractors far too often and with minimal accountability to the american people… 
instead of reinvesting their money from the republican tax cuts in workers, most corporations did stock buybacks to… 
i am cosponsoring a bill with  that would prevent food and beverage manufacturers and grocery stores f… 
/ -- austin tice has been imprisoned in syria for six years now, we must do everything in our power to bring him home.
/ -- at a time when president trump has made vilifying journalists a top priority, it is important to remember th… 
 : american bombs are killing innocent yemeni civilians. american policy makers are standing idly by while eight million ye…
we cannot disconnect the overfunding of war with the underfunding of our health care system. money wasted in our mi… 
 : the atrocities in yemen are hard to comprehend. widespread famine, an unchecked cholera outbreak, and countless innocent…
i am proud to be sponsoring the jobs opportunity for all act to provide assistance in finding a job, addressing str… 
 : this morning, i took time to watch christine blasey ford’s deeply moving opening statement. thank you for your bravery, dr…
this investigation is the right thing to do. dr. ford deserves to have her allegations investigated by the fbi, as… 
i’ve joined the climate solutions caucus alongside . we must be committed to passing federal bipartisan l… 
 : we must work across the aisle to rein in our unauthorized involvement by reasserting our constitutional duty over war and…
pleased that 's  st century idea bill advanced this week in the senate. i look forward  to moving m… 
the #lwcf expires at the end of this week. congress must pass ’s bipartisan bill to permanently rea… 
 out of  californian women have experienced discrimination due to race when accessing maternal care. i strongly s… 
the terrible ordeal dr. ford is going through is the opportunity for us to show the next generation of women and me… 
my next town hall will be on october th at :pm in the milpitas high school gym. i look forward to seeing you a… 
today is national gay men’s hiv/aids awareness day. it's important for us to be open and honest about health needs.… 
although the unprecedented relief response to the humanitarian crisis in yemen offers much needed hope, preventing… 
mr. president, refugees can't simply “make their countries great again". refugees are forced to leave their country… 
americans deserve a better foreign policy. congress must reclaim its constitutional authority over the use of milit… 
 : glad to see 's st century idea bill advance in the senate homeland security &amp; governmental affairs commit…
denying the experiences of sexual assault victims won’t make them go away, it will only serve to dehumanize victims… 
 : the senseless killing in yemen needs to stop. i cosponsored a resolution that congress must send a strong message that o…
 : in april, coalition warplanes bombed a wedding in north yemen, killing more than  people; just last month, they bombed…
 : nyt's  powerfully presents the case for cutting through the president's reality-tv antics and redoubling ou…
 : congress has never voted on the war in yemen – but that hasn’t stopped the white house from supporting and aiding these…
 : it is time to stop the unconstitutional and destructive war in yemen. i proudly support  and ’…
we cannot return to the time when insurers were allowed to deny people health care because of pre-existing conditio… 
 : today, i announced my original co-sponsorship of ’s war powers resolution addressing the crisis in #yemen. read…
 : thanks to   &amp; ,  are uniting to end the devastating us-saudi war i…
low-income and middle class workers have been struggling for decades, they need a boost. the earned income tax cred… 
great convo with workers from , economists  .  the message to the … 
 : breaking!  has just introduced legislation invoking the war powers act and directing the trump administratio…
 : together with , , ,  and a bipartisan group of our colleagues, i have in… enjoying the grand opening of , the world largest cannabis dispensary located next to #lasvegasstrip! as… 
 :  words to live by, thank you mr ruben and  
 : birthright citizenship is guaranteed in the u.s. constitution, under the th amendment. its first sentence: "all persons born or…
once again, president trump is intimidating innocent immigrant families to ignite his base. his proposed executive… 
 : thank you   for supporting our alzheimer’s community  las vegas walk to #endalz 💜 https://t.…
 : i have signed an executive order to lower flags to half-staff in remembrance and honor of the shooting victims in pittsbur…
this nation was founded on principles of freedom of religion and thought. our strength comes from our diversity. th… 
happy th birthday, nevada! i’m proud to live in the most beautiful and diverse state in the country. #nevadaday… 
 : thank you  for cosponsoring the #boldalzheimersact! investing in a nationwide alzheimer’s public health respons…
we see the pain of the transgender community and we see this proposal for what it is: an unequivocal attack on the… 
 : thank you  and  for taking the time to be at asian night market and helping us honor the oca icon awar…
had a great time getting a taste of asian cuisine by local restaurants at the asian night market. thank you … 
honored to attend today’s  graduation  headquarters.  it’s always great to witness the positi… 
another substantive dialogue with  political science  friday class at north las vegas campus. thank yo… 
 : nevada elected officials , , ,   honor wwii filvets with congressi…
enjoyed visiting my alma mater,  north las vegas campus, to speak to my sister ’s political… 
over % of public service loans were denied this year. the hardworking teachers, first responders, and servicememb… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history when it comes to protecting and advancing the rights of the lgbtq… 
happy th birthday, ! one of my favorite resorts on the las vegas strip. #vegas 
 : immigration activists: nye county's congressman, u.s. rep. ruben kihuen, d-nevada, wrote ice officials seeking clarification o…
great evening at the las vegas india chamber of commerce community achievements awards gala to benefit student scho… 
great day at the th annual lebanese american festival! my grandfather was lebanese and i enjoy celebrating lebano… 
had a great time at the hispanic heritage month family festival at the east las vegas community and senior center.… 
enjoyed stopping by the national latinx aids awareness day event! thank you to  and the southern neva… 
great to be back at my alma mater  for the ‘dia de los abuelitos’ senior expo. in congress, i have fou… 
 : probably the coolest thing i’ve seen in awhile. today, we recognized  wwii filipino-american veterans &amp; next of kin for th…
it was a true honor to help present congressional gold medals to filipino world war ii veterans. the… 
it was an honor to attend the grand opening of the immigrant home foundation at the rafael rivera community center… 
today is the th anniversary of the tragic death of matthew shepard. i am proud to cosponsor a resolution to honor… 
it was pleasure honoring one of the longest serving spanish-language video journalists in las vegas &amp; x emmy award… 
did you know that the average ss monthly benefit is $,? that’s why a stronger social security that reflects the… 
had a great time visiting mountain view elementary school to speak to th graders and drop off a box full of books… 
 : thank you,  for cosponsoring #hr the #humanecosmeticsact! please encourage your colleagues to do the same! 🐇 #…
honored to join fellow  alumni and community leaders at the  annual dinner. thank you, ambassad… 
hablando con  de la carta que le mande a  pidiendo respuestas de las redadas en nevada. familia… 
taking w/  regarding the letter i sent to  asking for answers on arrests made in nevada. immigr… 
the nomination of brett kavanaugh to the highest court in the land was a tainted process that is unprecedented and… 
my full statement on the confirmation of brett kavanaugh to the supreme court: 
 : thank you to  for pushing to find out what ice is doing to our neighbors. 
como inmigrante exindocumentado, yo se lo que es vivir en temor de “la migra.” por esta razón le envíe una carta a… 
as a former undocumented immigrant, i know what it’s like to live in fear. this is why i sent a letter to  a… 
thank you to the nevada minority health &amp; equity coalition for inviting me to speak at your summit. we must continu… 
good luck to our  in tonight’s season opener! go knights go! #vegasborn 
it was an honor to join  at the groundbreaking ceremony for the newest  gas station, mi… 
last week, i met with wonderful teachers from the nevada state education association  to discuss ways to… 
mi oficina ha recibido llamadas telefónicas como resultado de las detenciones llevadas a cabo por agentes de ice la… 
my office has received a spike in calls since arrests made by  last week in nevada. immigrant communities ar… 
had a great time talking to constituents and our law enforcement officials at the national night out in las vegas.… 
as a state senator and in congress, i championed legislation to increase the minimum wage to $/hour. i’m pleased… 
 : representative  hangs a flower during the dedication of the new remembrance wall honoring victims of oct . #…
honoring the victims of #october by unveiling the remembrance wall at the las vegas healing garden with… 
beautiful prayer vigil taking place on the steps of  city hall with #october survivors and first re… 
 : a day that will forever define our community.  and yet, we emerged  #vegasstronger together ❤ 
over the past year, i have spoken on the house floor  times to share the life and story of each individual killed… 
today in #lasvegas we will be honoring and remembering the  victims, survivors, and first responders of the… 
 : tomorrow marks one year since the horrific #october massacre. as our las vegas community works to continue healing, we…
 : thank you so much congressman  for taking your time out to speak to the community at our th annual college readiness…
 : thanks  
great to be back at my alma mater  to speak to students and parents ’s college readiness bootcamp. than… 
 : i have ordered flags to half-staff this monday, october  from sunrise to sunset as a mark of respect and in remembrance o…
 : thank you  for honoring our dear friend, education activist and fellow #nvbat, loretta.  teachers &amp; students lost o…
 : powerful. . thank you  
 : glad ms. harper got this honor! she lived in my clark co. commission district and our paths crossed several times. her activism…
 : today i honored loretta mckinney harper on the house floor. she was a high school counselor, mentor and community leader. lo…
 : we hope you can join us for the  october sunrise remembrance ceremony on october  at : a.m. at the clark county government…
today i honored loretta mckinney harper on the house floor. she was a high school counselor, mentor and community l… 
 : visit any one of #nv's state parks this saturday (/) and celebrate nevada public lands day with free entry! https://t.c…
 : today we’re honoring our public safety personnel who helped during the events of oct.  ❤️ 
 : thank you  for your support of   #cancerlobbyday #fightcancer #nevadatowashingtondc https://…
it’s nevada voter registration week and today is #nationalvoterregistrationday. visit  for m… 
the land and water conservation fund is about to expire for the second time on republicans’ watch. it’s shameful th… 
monday, october st is the last day survivors of #october can sign up for the nevada victims of crime fund. if you… 
 : this is the final week for #october survivors to sign up for the nevada victims of crime fund. if you were at the …
 : i am encouraging #nv state employees and all nevadans to wear #vegasstrong clothing on  october in honor and remembrance…
wishing nv- g’mar chatimah tovah on this yom kippur. 
thank you  and  for this important partnership that will make higher ed attainable for k empl… 
wishing a happy st birthday to the united states air force, including the airmen stationed at  &amp;… 
wishing a happy birthday to my beautiful mother blanca. not only is she the most important woman in my life, she’s… 
this #hispanicheritagemonth we celebrate the accomplishments and contributions of hispanic americans across the cou… 
today i congratulate the beautiful country of guatemala on the occasion of their th anniversary. i recently visi… 
it was an honor to represent nevada at the st annual congressional hispanic caucus institute awards gala. congrat… 
 : thank you !  #latinoslwcf #savelwcf 
 : we feel so honored to received certificates of congressional recognition from  and . thank you!! we…
 : denying the loss of thousands of american lives is shameful &amp; just the most recent example of this president’s morally-…
today i was pleased to meet with my constituents pastor juan almanza and his wife rocio and  to talk… 
 : statement from : 
honored to join , ,  and  firefighters as they march down fremont… 
 : canyon springs hs incident update #: 
saddened and sickened to hear of yet another school shooting, this time in n. las vegas. i will continue to closely… 
today marks the th anniversary of the worst terrorist attack on american soil in our history. in the face of grea… 
celebrating the grand opening of smart buy insurance. they are an industry leader in health insurance enrollment be… 
having a great time at the grand opening of the most anticipated steakhouse in las vegas, cleaver butchered meats,… 
great to join the consul general of el salvador and the central american community of las vegas to celebrate the … 
wishing everyone in nevada and all across the world observing #roshhashanah⁠ ⁠this evening a happy and healthy new… 
honoring our military servicemembers, their families, and our veterans  military &amp; veterans appreciation day a… 
having a great time at the first african methodist episcopal church hispanic heritage month celebration in north la… 
 : check nevada newsmakers next week for interviews w/ , ,  and . televi…
great news! . employees will be able to pursue online degrees for free at  colleges. thank you,… 
“storing weapons-grade plutonium  miles from las vegas threatens the safety and security of las vegas’  million… 
 : enjoyed meeting with congresswoman  and her colleagues on the house financial services committee. https://t.co…
enjoyed welcoming a wonderful group of students and educators from the meadows school in #nv to washington. they’… 
discussing terrorist groups &amp; their means of financing at today’s  subcommittee on terrorism &amp; illicit fina… 
i strongly oppose efforts by the department of  to dump weapons-grade plutonium in #nevada. storing this plu… 
joining colleagues to oppose #kavanaugh because he opposes women’s reproductive rights, #aca, workers rights, lgbtq… 
had a substantive conversation with sam shad on nevada newsmakers. we discussed the new i- corridor, the fight to… 
 : thank you, , for your support for the #boldalzheimersact (s./h.r. ) which would strengthen our nation’s respo…
proud to join with  this morning to assemble care packages for the military spouses of deployed service mem… 
 : thank you  for spending time w/ your southern nevada constituents to discuss the impact of #td, &amp; how congress…
 : i am pleased with the progress #nv students, teachers and parents are making in english and math. congratulations to all!…
 : #vegasstronger calendar unveiled - a number of activities planned across las #vegas for  year remembrance of #october…
 : today, the confirmation hearings for #judgekavanaugh began, despite the senate not having every necessary document need…
today we celebrate the millions of workers who make up the backbone of our economy and we honor the labor movement… 
 : thanks  for your support of #goldbutte and #monumentsforall 
honored to present congressional recognition to t.k. brown’s family during his fire boat dedication at … 
had a great meeting with representatives of ,  &amp;  to discuss how we can continue pro… 
enjoyed attending the grand opening of dream adult day care in #nv. dream offers intensive health, therapeutic, n… 
 : back to school bash at doris reed elementary school! principal dr. boedeker and congressman ruben kihuen addressed the…
over a year after getting a hard hat tour, it was great to be back  shannon west homeless youth center to… 
had a great time talking with students, parents and teachers at the ‘back to school bash’ at doris m. reed elementa… 
 : thanks to  for bringing together nevada latino leaders. today, we talked about how trump’s tax cuts will h…
it was a pleasure joining senator , senator  &amp; local latino leaders at roundtable organized… 
arming teachers will recklessly endanger the safety of students &amp; educators. today, i joined   to… 
it’s been  years since the #marchonwashington where dr. king delivered his monumental ‘i have a dream’ speech. th… 
thank you, .
a nice tribute to  on the las vegas strip. thank you  for honoring a patriot, statesman and am… 
it was a pleasure meeting with representatives of the juvenile diabetes research foundation () to discuss ways… 
it was an honor serving as guest speaker at the governor’s council on developmental disabilities partners in policy… 
 : john and i both ended our final call a few weeks ago by telling each other, ‘i love you,’ and that was how we felt about o…
rest in peace, . thank you for serving our country with dignity and honor, as a navy pilot, a pow, el… 
one of the proudest days of my life was when i became a u.s. citizens in . thank you  for organizin… 
 : nv’s proud to be home to thousands of immigrants who make our country stronger. i hope ’s free workshop tod…
 : the  is a model program for unions across the country. we’re very lucky to have this resource for working people…
 : culinary union to host citizenship fair in las vegas: the event — scheduled for  a.m. to  p.m. saturday at the culinary…
discussing my recent visit to mexico &amp; guatemala w/ . i was proud to represent the u.s. in meetings w/ fo… 
enjoyed getting a tour of the culinary academy and having the opportunity to meet their dedicated staff &amp; students.… 
i couldn’t agree with you more! our teachers need pay raises, new books and more money for school supplies. diverti… 
i am saddened to hear of the passing of robin leach who was a tremendous supporter of the las vegas entertainment i… 
for decades,  fought for his country as a navy pilot, a pow, elected official and a presidential cand… 
enjoyed giving a congressional legislative update at tonight’s  alliance of homeowners association and concern… 
it was an honor to attend the  summer graduation and congratule our newest police officers. congratulations a… 
thank you to the consulate of el salvador in las vegas and all community organizations for hosting last night’s mee… 
our teachers need raises, new books &amp; more money for school supplies.  wants to buy them guns. diverti… 
it was an honor to present the office of strategic services congressional gold medal to my constituent and a true a… 
 : learned something new today: "reps. adriano espaillat, d-n.y., and ruben kihuen, d-nev., are the first formerly unauthori…
 : recently, i participated in a congressional delegation to guatemala and mexico with  (r-la) and …
 : por instrucción del srio , recibí en  al senador y a los congresistas   …
 : agradezco la invitación de la  para reunirnos esta noche de domingo junto a una delegación de empresarios e industri…
 : . pdte y vp  se reunieron con el senador  y los miembros de la cámara de re…
 : el representante .º distrito de nevada, , dijo que él como congresista se siente complacido de poder colaborar…
 : presidente , vicepresidente  y #cancillergt #sandrajovel sostienen reunión con el senador …
 : el presidente morales se reune con el senador de ee. uu. , así como los representantes  y .…
 : presidente   se reúne con delegación estadounidense conformada por el senador , los representante…
 : la delegación estadounidense está conformada por el senador , los representantes  y  y…
muchas gracias presidente , vicepresidente , secretario de relaciones exteriores… 
we also had the pleasure of meeting with entrepreneurs at roundtables hosted by the council of the americas. we had… 
our delegation which included  and  also visited  marines stationed in flores, met wit… 
it was an honor to visit mexico &amp; guatemala to meet with foreign heads of state &amp; senior government officials. our… 
this decision by the trump administration is a blatant attack on our health and environment. by rolling back presid… 
congratulations also to  d wing vice commander, col. bissonnette for earning the prestigious legion o… 
congratulations to the incoming commander of the  th operations group, col. christen, and thank you t… 
 : esta semana recibimos la visita del congresista  quien sostuvo una muy productiva reunión con el embajador alej…
honored to address the blinded veterans of america convention. in congress, i have co-sponsored  veteran related… 
 : tonight: northbound interstate  between spring mountain road and sahara avenue will be closed from  p.m. until  a.…
productive meeting w/ the consul of mexico in las vegas, alejandro madrigal, and his team  to discuss… 
 : nevadan elizabeth larue thanks   and  for introducing legislation to keep #basinandr…
 : las vegas locals support our #publiclands! read this heartfelt "thank you" to , , and …
 : thank you,  for visiting our campus yesterday! #wearetouro #touronevada 
enjoyed getting a campus tour of  &amp; meeting their wonderful students &amp; faculty. thank you, dr. fisher,… 
for  years, social security has provided older americans with stability and security. in , , nevadans r… 
 : "i want to express my gratitude and support to nevada ,  and , who joined  othe…
 : one of my my favorite days ando he year :) welcoming back to school the student at matt kelly elementary  …
 : thank you for joining us  
 : #diversitymatterslv 
welcoming students back to school at matt kelly elementary school. thank you  for bringing community… 
congratulations to newlyweds,  and first lady lauralyn mccarthy! wishing you a lifetime of love, happin… 
enjoyed attending today’s worship services at tabernacle of praise church to celebrate their th pastoral annivers… 
celebrating india’s nd independence day with friends and constituents. thank you to friends of india for hosting… 
les comparto mi entrevista con  de  nevada en la gran apertura de la nueva autopista i- que… 
 : congressman  inviting you to join us this monday! 
 : the ❤️ of assembly district  
 : this is absolutely appalling. the lack of accountability - &amp; urgency - from this administration to reunite these famili…
enjoyed visiting the nevada state veterans home to congratule them on their th anniversary. this facility provide… 
 : . says fri funding made the future i- possible in the present day! #inv #csnv #frinv 
 : part of today’s i- opening festivities includes the  knight line, the boulder city high marching band and ch…
honored to be part of the grand opening of the new i- corridor. i championed this project as a state senator &amp; no… 
packed house at commissioner ’s th annual back to school fair at the walnut rec center. thank you,… 
 : i have ordered flags to half-staff beginning at sunrise tomorrow until sunset on saturday in honor of former #nv governor…
great time volunteering with #teamkihuen . together we packaged enough food to feed  nevada famili… 
 : tonight, we lit a new gateway signto welcome visitors &amp; residents to #dtlv! located at  las vegas blvd. south, it f…
great time talking with constituents at the desert shores community #nationalnightout with , counci… 
congratulations, ! 
today, on #purpleheartday we honor and commemorate our brave men and women in the armed forces who were wounded or… 
i'm proud to sign this letter in opposing the trump administration's rollback of #cleanercar standards that disprop… 
 : #daca renewals, if you are overnighting your application remember to send it to the  s dearborn address, not the po box.…
 : #restorethevra 
 : thank you  for coming by the event and inspiring our participants a que sigan luchando! #dreambig …
nevada has lost a statesman and one of its greatest public servants with the passing of former governor and u.s. se… 
today marks  years since president johnson signed the #votingrightsact, which gave every american an equal opport… 
 : nevada making the profile photo for  -  and  #daca 
 : congressman kihuen, one of the first #dreamers elected to us congress, dropped by to remind our families that #daca is not… jamal khashoggi must not be forgotten and neither must the brutal crimes perpetrated against him 
 : the president of the united states just threatened to defy the constitution as a political stunt the week before an el…
the president of the united states just threatened to defy the constitution as a political stunt the week before an… 
now is a time for coming together and so many have, while doing such good work along the way 
may their memories be a blessing 
glad to have had the chance to stand with so many colleagues and friends to fight the trump administration's danger… 
 : i came across this quote in the wake of the tragedy at the tree of life synagogue on saturday. while i've seen it attr…
 : it is past time for all of us to admit that the trump administration has been too accommodating of white supremacy. if…
i came across this quote in the wake of the tragedy at the tree of life synagogue on saturday. while i've seen it a… 
 : reminder that a man walked into a newsroom this year and killed five reporters, that a foreign government recently murdered…
remember those we lost yesterday in an act of domestic terrorism. 
it is past time for all of us to admit that the trump administration has been too accommodating of white supremacy.… 
i’m shocked and outraged by the brutal act of domestic terror committed earlier today against the tree of life syna… 
 : yesterday, i called upon attorney general jeff sessions and president trump to complete an impartial investigation int…
when you love nick cage and plantagenets but hate baronial revolts... 
yesterday, i called upon attorney general jeff sessions and president trump to complete an impartial investigation… 
disturbing and surreal on both counts 
 : i pray for my fellow journalists and the politicians that i work alongside every day - the people have chosen their representat…
today i requested that the department of justice’s civil rights division inform congress on the steps it is taking… 
these despicable acts of violence towards public figures and the media are deeply disturbing and cannot be condemne… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
it's a positive change to see any action out of the administration on jamal khashoggi's murder but this is not enou… 
in the wake of jamal khashoggi’s murder and the trump administration’s failure to hold the saudi regime to account,… 
the trump administration is attempting to roll back hard fought civil rights for the lgbtq+ community. i am dedicat… 
we can't afford to go back to a system without protections for americans with preexisting conditions and even insur… 
the "terrible predicament" faced by those carrying water for the saudi government pales in comparison to the brutal… 
regardless of whether president trump decides to accept the saudi arabian government's line on the murder of jamal… 
honestly, about as faithful a representation of american food as some of the previous london games have been of ame… 
they say it was “a fight” and yet no body? they’re not even trying to cover up the brutal murder of a journalist. 
does anyone remotely believe this unless they’re referring to his trying to get away from a saudi hit squad that ha… 
shall we put it to a vote? 
here's my letter to oversight chairman gowdy in which i urge him to hold hearings on the circumstances of journalis… 
jamal khashoggi was dedicated to free expression and refused to ignore the persecution of intellectuals and disside… 
as a hindu, i'm a little less familiar with the gospels than some, but can someone point me to the parable of the t… 
president trump appears ready to believe at face value the saudi arabian government’s denials regarding its respons… 
i couldn’t be more proud to receive this score from the . it is an honor to continue to protect and fight for e… 
the republican plan to slash food stamps could strip millions of access to this vital anti-hunger program when more… 
in the wake of jamal khashoggi's apparent assassination and the new york times' report on jared kushner's tax avoid… 
i opposed the trump administration's family separation policy from the outset and i'll keep fighting to end any new… 
it’s the final countdown! make sure to submit your app to the  congressional app challenge by monday, oct. th… 
 : journalist jamal kashoggi was killed in an attempt to silence him. let’s make sure the opposite happens by reading the w…
 : congress needs a full intelligence briefing on the saudi arabian government's plot against jamal khashoggi and jared k…
on #nationalcomingoutday i share my support for friends, family, and neighbors in the lgbtqia+ community who have c… 
proud to join my colleagues in support of brand usa to ensure our domestic travel and tourism industry continues to… 
the debate about #netneutrality should be about the rights of the public, not big telecom companies. protecting a f… 
congress needs a full intelligence briefing on the saudi arabian government's plot against jamal khashoggi and jare… 
 : the attorney general's plans to overturn the consent decree regarding the cpd is disturbing. the last thing the city o…
and it must not 
the president of the united states just said this...in pennsylvania. 
the attorney general's plans to overturn the consent decree regarding the cpd is disturbing. the last thing the cit… 
we can and we must do more to protect women and mothers. that is why i have introduced the ending maternal mortalit… 
i am proud to stand with  to call for #blanketchange to combat the  annual pregnancy-related deaths… 
today, our thoughts are with the victims of hurricane michael.  that said, it’s absolutely unfathomable that the fe… 
i'm glad to see my legislation to research the economic impacts of airport noise has become law. my constituents, m… 
"including some in the past month." 
congratulations, hoffman estates! 
through his attack on dr. christine blasey ford, president trump made it clear that to understand why women fear re… 
 : the president’s comments on dr. ford are as disgraceful as they are unsurprising. this is a president who bragged abou…
the president’s comments on dr. ford are as disgraceful as they are unsurprising. this is a president who bragged a… 
this is likely to get buried but we can't afford to let it. 
even if this piece won't change a single person's view of the president, it reveals too much to be ignored or dismi… 
 : if you haven’t read ’s story on amber wyatt and what she’s gone through, you should. it shows so much about t…
trade agreement acronyms are an existential challenge 
it’s essential to remember this context for the mitchell memo 
while i'm glad that sen. flake recognized the importance of conducting a thorough and impartial investigation into… 
this anecdote reveals so much about how far we’ve come in some ways as a society just as so much of the news speaks… 
it’s . you would have hoped that we as a society would be past this sexist, patriarchal bull, but we’re not. th… 
students, there is still time to submit your app to the  congressional app challenge! the deadline for all subm… 
i saw this the other day and my mind keeps turning back to it as i think about judge kavanaugh's nomination and dr.… 
in the u.s. just over half of all voting age american’s are registered to vote. it’s time to break barriers #restorethevote
today, house republicans voted to permanently reduce the state and local tax (salt) deduction,  increasing the pote… 
 : this is so cool! thank you  and  for the amazing tribute to our state's bicentennial. #illinoisp…
preventing other key witnesses and accusers other than dr. ford from testifying before the judiciary committee was… 
 : no, not for nothing. my god, not for nothing. she set off a time bomb. women (and men) are telling their stories in solida…
anyone who feels up to it after today's #kavanaughhearings should read this thread. it's as illustrative as it is d… 
 : great to introduce a bill with  to recognize illinois' bicentennial by dedicating land to honor four aboliti…
 : the fbi background check is built off the sf-, a form that the nominee fills out. unless one of the nominee's own character…
that's one of the reasons #metoo is so important 
words cannot do justice to the courage dr. ford is demonstrating today.
 : and we need to make sure she feels our gratitude for the rest of her life 
please take the time to read this powerful piece by . 
too damn many. 
 : thank you  and  for cosponsoring our #dcstatehood bill! two more voices in support of equal…
as this photo reminds us, it’s often been overlooked that both our th and th presidents were roughly  feet ta… 
 : nice article about   visit of our pathways &amp; programs 
it’s national voter registration day, take some time today and register to vote. if you don’t have a seat at the ta… 
elections have consequences and so does voting. #beavoter #nationalvoterregistrationday #ourrightsourvote
excellent point here, though i wonder at what point the next physics metaphor will be a bohr. 
finally some good news! 
schrödinger's deputy attorney general 
 : if you hear reports of additional allegations of sexual misconduct against a scotus nominee and your response is to tr…
if you hear reports of additional allegations of sexual misconduct against a scotus nominee and your response is to… 
if you haven’t read ’s story on amber wyatt and what she’s gone through, you should. it shows so much abou… 
 those radicals whose entire approach was so defined by gradualism that they named their movement after a r… 
is this like pizzagate for people with an inexplicable fear of george bernard shaw? 
 : imagine being a leader in our country and doing nothing about school shootings and gun violence.imagine being ignorant enoug…
 : . &amp;  seeking to subpoena federal health-care agencies over medicaid work requirements https://t.co…
the senate majority leader is telling supporters not to worry about the sexual assault allegation against a nominee… 
thanks for having us! 
 : thank you  for attending our #careerteched tour stop at  w/ ! the hvacr and hortic…
i can confirm this news. 
 : thank you  for meeting yesterday with  students at  who are training to be techni…
the president’s unprecedented order to declassify documents directly related to an ongoing investigation into russi… 
 : hello, female high school student here. i would just like to say that the emergence of this whole "teenage boys should g…
the serious allegations against brett kavanaugh cannot be underestimated. the senate must thoroughly investigate dr… 
the senate didn’t listen to anita hill. we cannot let that happen to dr. christine blasey ford now #postponethevote #believewomen
glad to see we're on our way back to regular order! 
less than one month left to submit your app to the  congressional app challenge!   as a reminder, your app does… 
my colleagues and i sent this letter because we believe it's imperative that the accusation against kavanaugh be in… 
 : "with silent lips. 'give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse o…
"with silent lips. 'give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refus… 
 : thanks to , , , ,  and  for gath…
 : we must not repeat the mistake of confirming a supreme court justice without properly reviewing his alleged sexual mis…
as first responders and disaster management specialists help americans enduring the devastation of hurricane floren… 
 : last week  and  introduced a bipartisan house companion to  i-squared bill. th…
we must not repeat the mistake of confirming a supreme court justice without properly reviewing his alleged sexual… 
 : thanks to  for stopping in to see ’s advanced machining students in action. your support of pu…
as we work to support and assist those families struck by hurricane florence in the coming days and weeks, it’s ess… 
people aren’t lying about the deaths of thousands to embarrass you. don’t dismiss that tragic loss of life as a pol… 
 : collecting accurate data on the number of americans who die in a natural disaster and its aftermath is not about you,…
collecting accurate data on the number of americans who die in a natural disaster and its aftermath is not about yo… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard.…
at least , people died in puerto rico during hurricane maria and in its aftermath and the president continues t… 
we must never forget that day  years ago, those we lost, and how, in the midst of that tragedy, we recognized our… 
that is a how-de-do 
you are the president of the united states and you are thanking a stalinist dictator, who butchers and starves his… 
proud to work with  on legislative strategies for combatting hates crimes against the muslim communit… 
 : the pelp fellows enjoyed their meeting with  about workforce development and education #pelpindc https…
 : thank you  for closing off a spectacular summit!   see you all next year - please share your suggestions on p…
this is someone who should be talking to congress, and if republican congressional leaders hadn't abdicated their o… 
students! sign up now! early app registration ends sept th, but students can register up until the submission dea… 
here's my statement on the need to sanction the assad regime and russia if they launch an invasion of the final reb… 
 : pelosi and crowley walk with republican rep. sam johnson, a pow for nearly seven years and who shared a prison cell with m…
 : wow! what an incredible experience -- on monday, state superintendent tony smith and other representatives from isbe joined …
 : thank you  for visiting  with us, and for your leadership in getting unanimous, bipartisan support for…
glad i had the chance to address  today to draw to attention to their essential work #endgbv… 
we must all stand together and with the #rohingya 
after over a year of this appalling humanitarian crisis, it is past time for the united states and the internationa… 
 :  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. i spoke number six, dr king spoke number ten, and out…
this is a humanitarian emergency and despite the extensive relief and rescue efforts on the ground, more help is st… 
a grateful nation thanks you for a life of service, senator mccain. my thoughts are with your family and loved ones… 
glad to join so many members of our community in speaking out! 
i believe the term for this is "qapla’" 
we can’t allow ourselves to ignore what this says about president trump as well as those who continue to defend him… 
we cannot allow the president to derail mueller’s investigation with secret, preemptive pardons, and that’s why i’v… 
never forget, and never let it be treated as a justification for anything that might soon happen. (or to follow the… 
the reality of paul manafort’s guilt as determined by a jury of his peers could not be more clear: for president tr… 
that feeling when dolly parton redeems the existence of internet memes. 
it says a whole lot when you think john dean was the real villain of watergate 
everyone needs to read this thread. whether it reminds you of your own experiences or opens your eyes to those of o… 
thanks so much for coming by! 
i hope to see all of you at my upcoming town hall on august th in streamwood! rsvp here: 
we lost aretha franklin, the queen of soul, today, but in our hearts and the world of music, she'll always reign.… 
 : innovative #stem #edu programs like   work! modernized #perkins to help create more to close u.s. skills g…
read our op-ed today! 
 : dem congressman  writes to wray to ask if the wh/trump or sessions played any role in the firing of strzok http…
in response to peter strzok's firing after the fbi's review office recommended he be demoted and suspended for -d… 
a year ago, in charlottesville, our country saw the deadly face of hate in america when white supremacists laid bar… 
thanks to tom skilling, prof. don wubelles, doug sisterson of argonne national laboratory, and everyone who joined… 
 : .: i do think that there’s an underlying common denominator among democrats, which is we’re trying to fight fo…
visit  for more information! 
you should not be discriminated against for having a pre-existing condition, and the government should not be deter… 
the american people deserve better than to lose their healthcare as a result of sabotage and corruption. i am dedic… 
in illinois alone, we have ,, people pre-existing conditions who are at risk of losing their health insuranc… 
i went on  earlier to discuss the need for democrats to continue to focus on our inclusive economic a… 
tune in at noon! (that's central, the only time zone i fully support) 
 : it was an honor to help with a much needed discussion.  thanks  and all who made it possible from across…
i want to give a special thanks to  for moderating and participating in our wonderful bipartisan discu… 
 : rep. raja krishnamoorthi denounces hate-motivated attack on california sikh man  
 : we’re with : there’s no place for this kind of hate in america.   impact project’s board released a state…
when it comes to the fcc’s #netneutrality decision, it is clear that isps will receive greater benefit than the ave… 
repealing #netneutrality results in internet providers charging more for your internet access while slowing it down… 
 : last week,  joined us for a q&amp;a with our community. read his thoughts on healthcare innovation in chicago…
on top of everything else that's bizarre about this, who in the russian asbestos industry looked at their product a… 
closing the #skillsgap is one of the most important goals for our higher education system to ensure the future succ… 
anyone at  called dibs on the explainer of why  is wrong? extra points if you somehow cite s… 
since entering office, president trump has made every effort to sabotage and destroy the affordable care act and th… 
proof that expertise isn’t dead everywhere, congratulations! 
 : housing is increasingly unaffordable because prices and rents are rising faster than wages because construction is not ke…
 : b applauds the administration &amp; congress, especially , , , , …
  i am
president trump is literally calling on attorney general sessions to violate his own recusal to stop an ongoing inv… 
 : ., thank you for your efforts to hold  accountable for his possible ethics violations. #wheelerde…
 : i'm proud that my bipartisan bill to modernize career and technical education for  million americans became law toda…
i'm proud that my bipartisan bill to modernize career and technical education for  million americans became law t… 
grateful for the leadership and partnership of , , , , ,… 
proud to have partnered with you on this groundbreaking, bipartisan, life-changing legislation,  
 : the president just signed our bipartisan #cte bill into law.  career &amp; technical training is often overlooked, &amp; it sho…
 : .   : thank you for urging the federal government to hold  account…
so glad to hear this news 
wishing a colleague and an american hero a swift recovery today, thinking of you, congressman lewis! 
 : .'s leg. dir.  and i met with  to discuss our immigrant justice efforts in his distri…
proud to work with congresswoman  to end preventable maternal deaths in the united states. 
 : today, , , and i visited a south side chicago-area facility housing migrant children operate…
 :    and i are holding him to that standard, and have asked the office of government et…
 : scott pruitt's replacement at the epa, andrew wheeler, is a former coal lobbyist. when he joined the epa, he signed a pled…
 : we must reunite these parents and children separated by this shameful policy as soon as possible, and work to reform our…
 : the #connectedchicago podcast with ⁦⁩ krishnamoorthi + ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦…
 : great news for students who enroll in career &amp; technology education. thank you to ⁦⁩ from all ⁦⁩… great conversation at florida state university’s “#politics, public policy and the university presidency” panel dis… 
no one should feel threatened because of his/her views. we can disagree, but we must learn to air disagreements res… 
internships with my office run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. although unpai… 
 : i carry prof wilson’s lessons of value of hard work. he saw the best in me &amp; made me work to claim it.  https:…
a disaster recovery center is open in #tallahassee. state &amp; federal reps are available to connect survivors w/resou… 
i was saddened to hear of the passing of my friend, roosevelt wilson. he was a #writer, community servant,… 
open enrollment begins on november  and lasts only six weeks – until december . coverage is more affordable than… 
it was a pleasure to attend 's black student union (#bsu) house ribbon cutting ceremony. this new faci… 
apply for disaster assistance at . if you receive an ineligible letter, additional informati… 
thank you to the staff and volunteers who have been working around the clock at the  gadsden county eoc to get thin… 
operation blue roof is available to all counties approved for #fema individual assistance, which includes gadsden &amp;… 
my request for  to receive #fema individual assistance support has been approved. this will release fede… 
i am pleased to report that  approved my request for a temporary waiver to allow #snap recipients in counties… 
the residents of gretna were hit hard by #hurricanemichael. we hosted a community meeting with city, county, state… 
thank you to all the #firstresponders who have stepped up to help during the aftermath of #hurricanemichael. i met… 
 :  is inviting its off-campus students without power to take a shower and eat a hot meal on campus &gt;&gt; …
due to #hurricanemichael, my office has extended the deadline for military academy applications through next friday… 
my staff joined other volunteers at #famu to help assemble more than , boxed lunches for students who are shut… 
thank you  
team work makes the dream work! thank you! 
 : all public service worker response has been suspended until further notice! all law enforcement/all utilities/ ems/ fire
 : #michaeltlh  p.m. press conference. city and county officials caution residents of severe impacts.  
gadsden county sheriff's office has announced a mandatory evacuation for mobile homes in the area. shelter is avail… 
(cont,  of )— guaranteeing our most vulnerable families have access to food during this storm is not only importa… 
(cont) when gov. scott and dcf secretary kapusta provided #snap benefits for several panhandle counties in anticipa… 
preparing for a #naturaldisaster is stressful enough, and #snap recipients should not have the added burden of worr… 
#hurricanemichael checklist: o be familiar w/evacuation routes; o keep battery-powered radio handy; o know your eva… 
 : school will be open on wednesday, oct. . extended day programs are also operating as normal. however, all after school…
as #hurricanemichael approaches, monitor the news for updated emergency info. please take the steps to prepare your… 
 : baker county eoc capt. c. volz:        "tomorrow is going to be a very intense day in baker county".  a general shelter wi…
download the  mobile app for disaster resources, weather alerts, &amp; safety tips. the app provides a checklist o… 
 : a hurricane warning has been issued for portions of the florida gulf coast. everyone in these areas should prepare for life-threat…
#hurricanemichael is heading towards the #florida panhandle and is predicted to make landfall as a major hurricane… 
 : good luck to  as they compete in #behack #hbcustrong #hbcupartnerships #tech   …
 : the  launched the #hbcupartnershipchallenge to spur more strategic &amp; sustainable parternships w/hbcus. it's import…
that famu spirit was in the air during 's #homecoming convocation. there were several great speakers, inc… 
#breastcancerawareness is a time to highlight the importance of education &amp; research. my staff went #pink for the o… 
one of my first jobs was working at a grocery store -- &amp; i loved it. so i was thrilled to join the #tallahassee com… 
 : the agriculture trade improvement act of  would provide critically needed trade relief for specialty crop producers…
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
when the dark clouds gather on the horizon... # #famu#excellencewithcaring #strikestrikeandstrikeagain
 : 🗣 a little louder for the people in the back. 
   feel free to call my office again. someone will be available. also, i could… 
wounded warrior fellow christian cochran recently spoke with the northside rotary club in #jacksonville about his f… 
middle &amp; high school students: interested in #stem? interested in #coding? you should apply for the congressional a… 
great discussion during yesterday's house #agriculture committee ustr/#usda trade roundtable. #fl 
 : ..’s bill, the incentivizing fairness in subcontracting act, has passed the house and now moves to the sena…
 : . are speaking with representatives of the #poorpeoplescampaign about the realities of poverty &amp; economic i…
the deadline for the congressional #app challenge is approaching. this nationwide event is open to middle and high… 
my staff surprised me for my #birthday and it was great! i was speechless. it was great to be surrounded by so many… 
change happens when you #vote, simple as that. the first step in exercising your right to vote is registering. take… 
great story 
i was pleased with the number of students who took advantage of the opportunity to meet with recruiters &amp; gain the… 
 thank you!!
thank you to everyone for all of the birthday wishes! 
my office will hold mobile office hours at the jefferson county r.j. bailar public library today from - p.m. cas… 
it was an honor to meet his excellency president masisi of botswana this morning at . president masisi… 
#jacksonville has lost a true trailblazer &amp; champion with the passing of mrs. rita carter perry. she is recognized… 
with % of #duval households run by women, habitat for humanity of #jacksonville (#habijax) started a program dedi… 
nothing is more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work. i will continue fighting… 
join us for the military academy military academy day on friday, september  from : p.m.-  p.m. in… 
so proud to host #famu gads who are mayor’s on the national stage #famumade #cbcfalc ⁦⁩ 
 the way we spend our money,  that way my city is creating a college savings fund for every student b… 
 says changing zoning codes + increasing cities bond ratings has helped to improve his city #famumade #famu #cbcalc
i’m pleased to discuss the proud virtues of  in dc 
i am working to make social security stronger for generations to come. it's an insurance program, not an entitlemen… 
americans still face too many barriers at the ballot box. this is why it’s crucial we pass legislation to recognize… 
#hurricaneflorence is expected to bring life-threatening storm surge to portions of the east coast, and inland floo… 
i am hosting my #military academy day on sept.  in #tallahassee. recruiters &amp; #cadets from the u.s. military acad… 
today, we honor the men and women who lost their lives in the september  attacks. our nation united to bring heal… 
the devastation of #hurricaneirma impacted citizens across the state of #fl, including those in #fl. residents we… 
i would like to wish all those who celebrate rosh hashanah a happy new year. celebrating the year , the jewish… 
 : the congressional app challenge is congress' bipartisan effort to promote #computerscience among middle and high schoo…
 : .: "the cbc believes that, if confirmed, judge kavanaugh’s views on voting rights, policing, and executive pow…
 : 
i am hosting my #military academy day on sept.  in #tlh. recruiters &amp; #cadets from the u.s. military academies wi… 
this #laborday, let's celebrate the hardworking men &amp; women who work tirelessly to make our communities stronger &amp;… 
on this day in , dr. martin luther king jr. delivered his famous "i have a dream" speech at the… 
 : we ask that anyone in the area during the jax landing incident who may have information contact #jso at -- or -…
as we await additional details on this tragedy, i will continue to hold the victims of this tragedy in my heart and… 
as we await additional details on this tragedy, i will continue to hold the victims of this tragedy in my heart and… 
our community is shocked &amp; saddened by the news of today's mass shooting at the jacksonville landing. this news nev… 
i'm incredibly sadden to learn of the passing senator john mccain this evening.   he embodied true patriotism and w… 
these shootings are occurring all too frequently. i pray for the families who are grasping to make sense of this vi… 
i strongly believe that sustainable development is key to economic growth. that is why i worked to secure a $,… 
calling all middle and high school students interested in #coding! submit an app for the  congressional app cha… 
 : thank you  for voting the right way on snap. we urge you to stay strong and not let older floridians go hungry. #…
it was an honor to join the gadsden county board of county commissioners &amp; members of the community for the dedicat… 
the passing of aretha franklin is an incredible loss to the music world. i thank god for sharing this tremendous ta… 
it was an honor to be recognized as the retiree hero by the alliance for retired americans for my  percent pro-r… 
airports are important to business, commerce and travel. the $. million federal grant for the lake city gateway a… 
social security serves families –  million seniors, children &amp; adults with disabilities – who are relying on cong… 
join my staff for mobile office hours at the mary l. singleton senior center ( e. st  st. #jacksonville) tomorr… 
i worked to secure $, in federal funding for the city of madison &amp; #madison co., fla. $, will go to the… 
thank you #publix super markets charities for your $ million donation to help alleviate hunger in our area.… 
repealing #netneutrality has real consequences for consumers. without these rules, telecom companies can charge ext… 
republicans are fully complicit in the trump admin’s culture of corruption, refusing to do their duty to hold trump… 
honored to participate in the re-dedication ceremony of the #va clinic in #tlh in honor of sgt. ernest "boots" thom… 
join my staff for mobile office hours at the lane wiley senior center in #jacksonville on august  from : a.m.… 
if your #daca expired on or after the september , , you may submit a daca renewal application. apply with usci… 
in case you missed it:   #jacksonville #icymi
be prepared this #hurricaneseason. create an evacuation plan w/household members; build an emergency kit in an easy… 
 : we mourn the loss of one of the founders of the congressional black caucus, rep. ron dellums. his work for his community a…
medicare &amp; medicaid are fundamental programs that enhanced access to health care for millions. most enrollees are l… 
it is our responsibility to ensure our servicemen &amp; women have the support they need to transition back into civili… 
thanks to the open internet, students have access to the sum of human knowledge. without #netneutrality, isps get t… 
to say i’m saddened by the loss of the three transgender women who were murdered this yr in our community, doesn't… 
today is #nationalinternday, and i am convinced i have some of the best #interns on the hill. it is a pleasure to w… 
 : democrats know that when it comes to starting a #smallbiz— geography matters. today, dems focused on improving federal fu…
the #aderholtamendment is a thinly veiled #licensetodiscriminate. the amendment would allow child welfare organizat… 
congratulations  alumna  on your new role with . you continue to be a great examples… 
internships with my office run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. if you are int… 
thank you to everyone who joined us this morning for the dedication ceremony in honor of mr. rutledge pearson.… 
looking forward to seeing you all at the dedication ceremony in honor of civil rights activist #rutledgepearson tom… 
yesterday, we welcomed small sellers who utilize  and amazon’s resources to reach millions of people across… 
i had a great time visiting the  earlier today and speaking with ms. sharon robinson, jackie's daughte… 
as an american, i am embarrassed that the president of the united states would discredit our intelligence community… 
great meeting with  student ernest carter. he is a  fellow this summer with u.s. senator tim scot… 
join me this friday at  a.m. in #jacksonville as we hold a dedication ceremony to rename the kings road post offi… 
 : ⁦⁩ chair chris giancarlo, ⁦⁩ ranking member collin peterson and ⁩, ⁩ president gre…
the affordable care act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. millions could lose health care… 
join me next friday at  a.m. in #jacksonville as we hold a dedication ceremony to rename the kings road post offi… 
#jacksonville has one of the highest #veteran populations &amp; #va health care is in high demand in the region. there… 
i had a great time visiting home depot store # in #tallahassee, where i visited with some of the more than … 
proud to announce the appointment of three #jacksonville students into the us air force academy. darius jansen, ama… 
this  vacancy should not be used as a political weapon. justice kennedy was a swing vote on social issues. t… 
"...we hold these truths to be self-evident, that #allmenarecreatedequal, that they are endowed by their creator wi… 
it was great to stand alongside several members of the community today to speak out about #familyseparations. this… 
having a great time with the women of  delta kappa omega chapter at their annual gentlemen's sample… 
glad to be a part of such an important event. 
we are a little more than two weeks away from the dedication ceremony to rename #jacksonville's kings road post off… 
the residents of the apalachicola bay have long suffered from reduced water flow, which has caused serious harm to… 
it is because of #netneutrality that entrepreneurs are able to start and grow their businesses online. we need to… 
today, is the fifth anniversary of shelby county v. holder, the supreme court decision that gutted the voting right… 
many of migrant girls came to the u.s. to flee the violence back home. tearing them away from their families exacer… 
i support 's #keepfamiliestogetheract because we need to do everything possible to stop the practice… 
there needs to be a strong message sent that the u.s - a country whose story has been written by those fleeing oppr… 
 i agree. that is why i have co-sponsored h.res., condemning the trump administration's zero toler… 
 i completely agree. it is horrible what the trump administration is doing. this “zero tolerance” imm… 
by june , , all slaves received notice they were indeed free. slavery is part of our nation's history. it is… 
the practice of separating children from parents as a deterrent to seeking asylum is inhumane. seeking asylum is no… 
this “zero tolerance” immigration policy is the latest assault from trump's anti-immigrant agenda. despite what he… 
 : this #immigrantheritagemonth, democrats aren’t losing sight of the fact that immigrants are twice as likely to start thei…
 : #fbf to last week and our visit by  to #fiudc meeting with our  foundation board of directors!  the congressma…
i reject trump’s heartless decision to bar asylum to the most vulnerable victims of domestic and gang violence. i b… 
happy rd birthday of the u.s. #army! 
it was my honor to present the service to community award to #tallahassee's   and  at the cele… 
today, we honor the  men and women who tragically lost their lives two years ago at #pulse. now is the time to… 
today, the ’s repeal of #netneutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues.… 
the house approved my bill to rename the #tallahassee va clinic in honor of sgt. ernest "boots” thomas. boots was a… 
shame on  for (once again) attacking the health care of americans with pre-existing conditions.… 
 : six months ago, america’s families were told their interests were at the heart of the #goptaxscam.  today, big oil &amp; gas a…
jose morales with the independent living resource center works to provide persons with #disabilities the resources… 
eldersource has provided essential services to #jacksonville residents in the aftermath of hurricane irma. many sen… 
jean reddick’s involvement &amp; commitment as an advocate for financially stressed residents is admirable. the… 
since the devastation of #hurricaneirma, justin brown of builders care has been instrumental in delivering aid to s… 
i recently had the privilege to recognize several public servants in #jacksonville for their commitment to building… 
i submitted an amendment to the water resources development act to provide add'l funding for flood control &amp; storm… 
 : millennial entrepreneurs are harnessing technology to solve today’s pressing issues.  asked today’s panel a…
generations have come from every corner of the world seeking the #americandream. today, #immigrants continue to sea… 
this #immigrantheritagemonth, we honor the immigrants and refugees from around the world who have fled oppression,… 

tonight, i am speaking on the house floor as we move to designate james weldon johnson’s birthplace as a national l… 
excited and proud to be a #famu alum 🐍🐍 
mothers had to work through // in order to make what fathers made in  alone. mothers of color have to wo… 
         it was my pleasure.
#jacksonville — looking forward to seeing you tonight at  p.m. for our town hall meeting at florida state college… 
i had a great time speaking #jacksonville #veterans at my “coffee with the congressman” this morning. 
it was an honor to join so many veterans, servicemembers and their families as we paid tribute to our nation's fall… 
at  p.m. today, join me in a moment of silence to honor the memory of those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the… 
 : .: pledging to do everything possible to those who have served and paid the ultimate sacrifice. #jaxmemoria…
do you have a federal issue you would like addressed? join me for my community town hall  on tuesday, may , at fl… 
i just published “lawson statement on economic growth, regulatory relief, and consumer protection act” 
join me for my community town hall  on tuesday, may , at florida state college at #jacksonville. 
 : future members of congress meet current members of congress!     …
looking forward to speaking on the house floor tonight about #emancipationday. last weekend, i participated in seve… 
join me tues, may  at :pm at #florida state college at #jacksonville for a community town hall. i would love t… 
join me tues, may  at :pm at #florida state college at #jacksonville for a community town hall. i would love t… 
excited to announce christian cochran will serve as the #woundedwarrior fellow for my #jacksonville office. as a… 
the news out of texas is heartbreaking.  i pray for all everyone affected by today’s santa fe high school  shooting… 
i am proud to have put a stop towards the #gopfarmbill, that would've put thousands of floridians at risk of losing… 
on international day against homophobia, transphobia, and biphobia, i stand in support of #lgbtq communities in the… 
house republicans say the #gopfarmbill doesn’t kick a single person off #snap. that’s not true. , households… 
 : happy to announce the #noles are coming to #jacksonville.  : 🍢 vs. 🐎  [] 
 : in today’s hearing  drew attention to the fact that many small firms who struggle to secure capital, may al…
the future won’t wait. neither can we. it’s #timetobuild. we need to modernize america’s infrastructure, create an… 
     
i just published “fsu v boise game a huge win for jacksonville” 
as we stand together as one nation, under god, i would like to extend my heartfelt wishes to the muslim community a… 
my heart goes out to the family, colleagues &amp; loved ones of the jacksonville police officer who passed away in this… 
providing remunerations for the survivors and descendants of the #rosewood massacre was one of the greatest pieces… 
on mother's day, we celebrate those who are the first to welcome us into the world. #mothers are our first role mod… 
 : the gop farm bill would slash snap, our premiere anti-hunger program, by $ billion. meals from #snap and its predece…
 : cbc chairman  signs our ,-page #jobsandjustice act of  after a press conference on thursday, may , …
happy to support the  passenger ferry grant, &amp; help to secure $,, from the . the funds will be… 
#tallahassee’s southside farmers market will be a great resource for residents in the area. today's grand opening w… 
 : today at : am et, the cbc will introduce the #jobsandjustice act, omnibus legislation that would, if passed, increase…
it's heartbreaking what the bakers have gone through since the passing of their daughter, shanique. i was told she… 
congratulations to  #stantonprep freshman jaylen thomas, the winner of #florida’s fifth congressional… 
it was a great morning at #farmshare in #quincy. we were able to feed several families through today's activities.…  . ’s alarming report is more evidence that we have to act now to protect our children. #peopleoverpolluters 
 : looks like we’re not the only ones concerned with secretary zinke’s multiple scandals and pretending to be above the law. #inve…
 : last week secretary zinke tried to fire his inspector general. this week we find out the ig he tried to fire has referred zinke…
 : change your clock, change your battery  as daylight savings time comes to an end on november th, suffolk fire &amp; rescue…
the reckless #cleanercars rollback proposed by  and  puts all of us, but especially our most vuln… 
 : we send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in pittsburgh, pa and jeffersonto…
every shooting in this country breaks my heart more. i read the news about the shooting and lives lost at the pitts… 
we already see how #climatechange impacts the health of virginians. 
this administration’s unwillingness to act based on science will threaten public health now and for generations to come.
earlier this year we saw reports that  was predicted to be the th warmest year on record 📈 
despite this administration’s refusal to #actonclimate, somehow they think they have earned an “a+” on environmenta… 
the trump administration &amp; congressional republicans’ ongoing assault on protections for pre-existing conditions le… 
access to affordable healthcare should be a right, not a privilege for only those who can afford the spiraling costs.
they've given massive tax breaks, translating to millions of dollars, to the same pharmaceutical companies that con… 
for almost two years now, this administration and congressional republicans have made healthcare more expensive for americans.
let us not forget that the trump administration &amp; congressional republicans let this happen. 
we will employ every tool we have to protect the lgbt community, restore justice and put an end to the efforts to e… 
i have fought against every attempt this administration has made to roll back progress for the lgbtq community and… 
the trump administration must reconsider this direct attack. it is simply an act of bigotry.
#transrightsarehumanrights and the latest threat by  to redefine ‘sex’ is outrageous. )
it is not too late to tell  and  that you support lifesaving #cleanercars standards. you can submit yo… 
 : rm  and + democrats are pushing blm to rescind a rule that’s limiting public input on #publiclands energy dev…
scott pruitt was booted before he could finish #censoringscience. now,  could finish the job. we can't… 
there is no doubt that climate change is making natural disasters more intense and more frequent. we see here in va… 
my prayers are with jamal khashoggi’s loved ones during this difficult time. 
 : if secretary zinke gets his way he will leave  smaller, weaker, and less effective and americans will suffer as a resu…
 : our #wastedresources series has spent the last month outlining natural resources republicans' worst, most misguided hearings an…
from gutting #cleanercars standards to peddling a dirty power agenda,  and  have made t… 
 : rm , ,  &amp;  are urging scrutiny of the new  inspector general. it's…
i am honored to have received a % score on the #hrcscorecard! i am truly committed to protecting &amp; advancing the… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
 : congressmen raúl grijalva () and donald mceachin () want interior  to repeal “sec…
climate change is not up for debate. now is the time to #actonclimate! we must do what we can to address and mitiga… 
 : . 　　　　　　　　　　╱\/‾|_ 　　　　　　　　　╱　　   ¯)_ 　　　　　　  ╱\╱　　　　    ＼    /　/ 　　　   ╱ \╱voter registration＼   /　/ 　　　╱  　  　 ends tod…
since my time as a member of virginia’s general assembly, i have fought for voters’ rights. the election day holida… 
that is why i introduced a bill with  that will require us to treat election day as a holiday.
national voter turnout has declined since , reaching its lowest level since world war ii. that must change.
if you are unable to make it to your local voter registration office today, you can still register online at . #vote
today is the last day to register to vote in virginia for the  election day, november th. are you registered to #vote?
 : skipwith elementary school placed on lockdown after gunshot victim walks onto school property 
 : hurry! the submission deadline for the congressional app challenge is  days away!    .…
 : this op-ed written by my constituents argues that all americans should have an equal opportunity to vote on election day.…
 : if operating a portable generator, ensure that it is safely located outside and away from the home/garage and away from e…
 : petersburg area transit - delayed routes: due to flooded roadways, petersburg area transit routes will operate on a -hour…
 : power outage affecting facility openings at two locations  suffolk, va (october , ) the north suffolk library will…
 : know what to do if you lose power?   take the time right now to save the number or website address for your local electrica…
 : due to inclement weather and road conditions, all rps schools and offices will operate on a -hour delay tomorrow, friday,…
 : we apologize for the late notice; however, after a thorough assessment please note the three important messages that follow:…
 : all city offices and facilities will open at : a.m. friday.   chesapeake public schools are closed - code yellow f…
 : also this reminder: when schools are closed, field trips, athletic events, after-school and evening activities are canc…
 : henrico county public schools will be closed on friday, oct. , . employees: code  (no employees report.) https:/…
 : good morning! michael is now extratropical &amp; will accelerate away from the area today. remaining breezy today, and rive…
 : significant river flooding is occurring or forecast on the appomattox river and possibly even on the lower james river in vir…
little girls with dreams become women with vision. let's  encourage, inspire and empower the girls in our lives eve… 
we celebrate the lgbtq community every day in our office. national coming out day is no different! i promise to con… 
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
 : we wanted to reemphasize the elevated risk of tornadoes this afternoon. highest risk for tornadoes will be across ne nc…
 : two-hour early release chesterfield county public schools will release two hours early today due to a changing weather foreca…
thank you! 
thank you! 
thank you! 
praying for all those in the path of #hurricanemichael and grateful to those heading into danger to offer assistanc… 
 thank you my friend!
thank you for the birthday wish, and for making the journey to richmond! 
thank you! 
 : great to join  and hear from the founders of  about how congress can respond to the challenges t…
our entrepreneurs drive our communities’ local economy. our conversation yesterday will help  make t… 
i thank anthony and pierre lupesco, and their team at , for sharing details about your experience b… 
 :  and  democratic whip  rocked up to  today to roundtable small business needs in richmond a…
i'm so proud of shockoe atelier. this richmond-based small business supplies high-quality denim around the country… 
american workers powering american small businesses can out-compete anyone in the world—they just need a level play… 
our broader challenge, as a nation, is to replicate what is being done here at shockoe atelier. we need to strength… 
places like shockoe atelier are building on some of our best ideals and traditions. #makeitinamerica 
 : happening now:  and  are touring shockoe atelier and discussing entrepreneurs and support of smal…
#happeningnow: a tour and roundtable discussion with ⁦⁩ about the importance of successful small business… 
 : our co-founder  participated in meaningful roundtable discussion about our nation’s energy infrastructure…
   thanks for joining!
 : right now, environment and infrastructure roundtable in richmond with ⁦⁩ , ⁦⁩ and other va leaders.…
#happeningnow: my environmental and infrastructure roundtable discussion with leader , … 
 : thank you , , and  for leading  against the harmful poison pill r…
did you know that today is #energyefficiency day? let's commit to taking energy efficient steps to use less energy… 
 : s̶a̶f̶e̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶t̶y e̶q̶u̶a̶l̶i̶t̶y̶ ̶&amp;̶ ̶j̶u̶s̶t̶i̶c̶e h̶e̶a̶l̶t̶h̶c̶a̶r̶e̶ e̶c̶o̶n̶o̶m̶i̶c̶ ̶s̶e̶c̶u̶r̶i̶…
thank you, , for raising your minimum wage to $ an hour! glad that my constituents who work at facilities… 
another trump administration attempt to squelch the truth for the benefit of big corporations. why is it so hard fo… 
there are clear and undeniable costs of climate change and greenhouse gas emissions – we must act now to protect th… 
thank you,  for cosponsoring my pollution transparency act – the bicameral bill requiring agencies to… 
this ruling says that no one is above the law… not even the president. 
i am one of the nearly  members of congress who sued the trump administration in blumenthal, nadler, et al v. tr… 
this is another example of how the trump administration prioritizes the benefit of their corporate friends over american communities.
we should not waste time &amp; taxpayers’ money working on these plans before the courts have had a chance to rule on t… 
i joined + of my colleagues in urging  to stop rushing a plan to weaken management standard at… 
 : pres trump’s effort to shrink #bearsears &amp; #grandstaircase-escalante was illegal &amp; this push by  to legitimize trump’s…
communities throughout this country, including  communities in every state and district are now at risk of… 
there was no good reason to let #lwcf expire over the weekend.
 : every child should have the opportunity to play outside &amp; experience the great outdoors. #lwcf helps develop playgrounds, trail…
 : this weekend republicans let #lwcf expire for the second time on their watch. millions of americans have benefited from #lwcf.…
 : happy birthday ! otd in  yosemite became a #nationalpark.  yrs later ppl from all over the world can experie…
thank you, to the senators standing up for the truth. the american people deserve answers. the only excuse not to h… 
 : congressman donald mceachin () and congresswoman anna eshoo () want election day to be a national h…
since president trump signed the #goptaxplan: - wages aren’t keeping up with inflation - health care costs are spir… 
republicans’ “tax .” winners = wealthy gop donors and the %. losers = workers and middle-class families.
the gop wants to make #goptaxplan even better for the wealthiest % – and worse for working families by paying for… 
think about this: the #goptaxplan lets the wealthiest % deduct costs for their private jets – and republicans want… 
the first version of the #goptaxplan raised the debt by $ trillion. now  wants to hand billions of dollar… 
 : "what is needed to improve the #endangeredspeciesact's effectiveness is to fully fund it. rather than change the structure o…
i cosponsored rm ’s bill to permanently reauthorize #lwcf because we cannot lose one of our most powerf… 
we cannot afford for the #lwcf to expire. we must #savelwcf.
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
 : did you know #lwcf added , acres to upper rappahannock river valley in #virginia? did you know rappahannock is not klingon…
the #lwcf helps protect public lands that contribute $ billion annually to the economy and . million jobs.
 : business leaders are speaking out to #savelwcf!  #lwcf helps protect #publiclands that contribute $ billion annually to the…
i thank the little rock nine for being the civil rights heroes that they are. they continue to inspire us all.
we must learn from our past and move forward as a nation, eliminating bigotry and prejudice.
even after the u.s. supreme court declared segregation illegal in public schools in brown v. board of education, sc… 
sixty-one years ago the little rock nine made history and stood up for their right to a high-quality education.
the #electiondayholiday act would treat election day as a federal holiday, so more americans have the time they nee… 
a  study found among those who didn’t vote, % didn’t have time to do so because of work or school. if we pass… 
today, i proudly introduced the #electiondayholiday act with  to make #electionday a federal holiday.
the right to vote is fundamental to our democracy. #nationalvoterregistrationday
#didyouknow that today is #nationalvoterregistrationday? you can celebrate by making sure you're registered to vote… 
i have supported efforts that encourage and fund cancer research both in congress and during my time in virginia's… 
far too many children and young adults under the age of  receive a cancer diagnosis each year. let's use this mon… 
september is childhood cancer awareness month.
women need access to affordable quality care for cancer screenings, annual exams and contraception. i’m happy to se… 
to save lives in natural disasters like hurricane maria,  needs to be prepared and supported for rapid response to storms' aftermath.
right now u.s. citizens suffer from inadequate food sources, lack of clean drinking water, an unstable power supply… 
 : let's not forget that the virgin islands was also hit by not only hurricane irma but also hurricane maria. america plea…
one year after #hurricanemaria, too many american citizens in puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands continue to s… 
i am devastated to hear of another mass shooting. my heart goes out to the victims &amp; their families. while i pray f… 
unfortunately, now these public lands are under threat. i am a proud cosponsor of the antiquities act of  to… 
#didyouknow that  years ago, the grand staircase-escalante national monument was designated a protected utah landscape?
if congress does not reauthorize #lwcf, communities in every state and district would feel damaging consequences; t… 
earlier this year, i toured the james river wildlife refuge and discussed the importance of #lwcf with community leaders.
i cosponsored rm ’s bill that would permanently reauthorize #lwcf because we cannot lose one of our mos… 
 : since #lwcf was established in  it has expanded access to our #publiclands &amp; protected +, special places across americ…
the #lwcf expires on september th, which means that we’re on the countdown to #savelwcf.
i have vowed to put #peopleoverpolluters and will continue to fight against these reckless rollbacks.
the trump administration continues to risk the health and safety of americans to make it easier for private industry.
this decision will pollute our air, negatively impact our health &amp; cost americans more than $b in wasted natural g… 
.  decided to rollback the blm methane rule. 
happy birthday, to the airmen serving in the  in the commonwealth, across the country, and around the world!
wishing an easy fast and a meaningful period of reflection to everyone observing #yomkippur. g'mar chatima tova!
 : . on the need to #saveouroutdoors: "we owe it to our children and our children's children to protect our parks."
 : our schools remain sheltered in place with the tornado warning extended to : p.m. we will update dismissal plans asap.
 : pm tornado warning now in effect for the city of richmond. take shelter now! #vawx #rvawx 
i am praying for both of you. may he have a speedy recovery. 
 : just in:  florence's remnant downpours may spawn a tornado threat in central va. today 
the first step to triumph is awareness. encourage yourself and loved ones to get screened. early detection is the k… 
september is national prostate health month. let us use this month to encourage fathers, sons, brothers, husbands,… 
a doctor and public health advocate, , will be the first physician in nearly  years to lead planned pa… 
congratulations to ’s new president, ! thank you for all you have done and will do to protect acces… 
now is the time to make emergency preparations before the storm makes landfall. here is a quick checklist that you… 
 : we've been asked: "how big is #florence?" hard thing to quantify, but here are some numbers... *area of tropical storm force winds…
 : a hurricane warning is now in effect for #florence from south santee river, south carolina, to duck, north carolina, incl…
 : #breaking:  hanover, henrico schools closed friday in anticipation of hurricane florence 
 : just in: virginia union, other virginia schools close ahead of hurricane florence 
 : the earliest reasonable time that tropical-storm-force winds could arrive in the united states from #florence is late wed…
 : #florence is likely to produce a life-threatening storm surge along the coastlines of south carolina, north carolina &amp; vi…
 : #florence could produce life-threatening, catastrophic flash flooding &amp; significant river flooding over portions of the c…
seventeen years later, we are grateful that we have not been victimized in such a major attack again but the threat… 
in , terrorists caused thousands of innocent americans to lose their lives when they struck the twin towers &amp; t… 
 :  a.m. tuesday update on florence: 
 : so far, norfolk, chesapeake, hampton and newport news schools are closed tomorrow. virginia beach is open (closure starts…
 : mandatory evacuation: zone a &amp; mobile home residents beginning tomorrow at am. find your zone at …
 : while all virginians need to prepare for hurricane florence, governor northam has ordered the mandatory evacuation of coastal vir…
though the forecast can change, now is the time to proactively prepare for the flooding that could severely impact… 
hurricane florence is expected to strengthen to  mph just before landfall predicted near #virginia coastal commu… 
 : it's important to prepare your family, home and business before a storm arrives. visit  and make sur…
 : all virginians should spend time this weekend to prepare their family, home and business for florence's possible impact on the co…
shanah tovah to all my friends! wishing you a safe, healthy, and happy new year. #roshhashanah
the sea-level rise we see in my district is one of the many reasons that i am committed to fighting hard to address… 
climate change impacts us all. that is why people have decided to #riseforclimate.
today, thousands of people across the country are taking a stand to #riseforclimate.
 : on the house floor, we held a moment of silence for my dear friend and mentor, congressman ron dellums.   the impact tha…
today we observed a moment of silence for the late great chairman ron dellums. his memory as a co-founder of… 
arthur ashe’s contributions to american history continue to make his fellow richmonders proud – just as proud as we… 
i am so proud to introduce the resolution to honor the life, legacy, and leadership of richmonder arthur ashe. 
today, i partnered with  and our great #va senators   to introduce a bicameral resol… 
arthur ashe represents what is great in virginia – and in america.
the wilderness act of  has helped preserve millions of acres that american families have been able to enjoy for… 
we cannot lose one of our most powerful tools used to protect natural treasures around the country – such as the ja… 
earlier this year, i toured the james river wildlife refuge and other public lands previously acquired &amp; protected… 
communities in every state and district would experience damaging consequences if #lwcf isn’t reauthorized.
happy birthday to #lwcf! for + years this legislation has been a critical source to conserve and protect our #publiclands.
 : + , led by , ,  have come together to support a #farmbill that protects peo…
 : +  are demanding a final #farmbill without riders that threaten public health &amp; environment.  thank you …
i hope that you and your family has a wonderful #laborday. let us take a minute today to thank all those hard worki… 
dr. bluford traveled on more than three additional nasa missions before he retired. an air force colonel and a ph.d… 
on august , , dr. guion bluford become the first african-american to fly into space as a mission specialist o… 
the  reserve was founded on august , . let us take the opportunity on their nd birthday to thank the… 
there were so many lives lost and impacted by this devastating storm. i commend the citizens of new orleans for the… 
hurricane katrina made landfall  years ago. the storm was the third major hurricane of the record-breaking  a… 
today, august , is the th anniversary of dr. king’s march for jobs and freedom which drew over , people t… 
today is the anniversary of the certification of the nineteenth amendment finally giving women suffrage in this cou… 
senator john mccain was the definition of a patriot and a role model. he always acted on principle and, literally r… 
today, as our public lands and national parks are under threat of development,  drilling and logging from this admi… 
happy nd birthday, !  for over a century, national parks have provided americans unique vistas &amp;… 
 : any attempt by the president to pardon mr. manafort or interfere in the investigation into his campaign would be a gross ab…
 : . #va on clean power plan replacement, the affordable clean energy rule: "by allowing more pollutants &amp; d…
i hosted a very informative workforce roundtable in chesapeake with representatives from private business, k-, hi…  the midterm election is one week from today, on tues., nov. . whether it's by mail, early in-person voting, or on… 
grant announcement --&gt; i'm proud to announce  has awarded  $. million to support … 
icymi: so honored to be included on the cover of  featuring leaders and voices in america’s gun violence debat… 
my thoughts are w/those families affected by today’s very disturbing shooting at a synagogue in pittsburgh, especia… 
very much enjoyed visiting with  last night about the future of our country and taking questions from these… 
so honored to be included on the cover of this week’s  featuring leaders and voices in america’s gun violence… 
as we learn more about the explosive devices being sent to political figures &amp; news outlets, i condemn these attack… 
this morning, i stopped by the downtown #orlando sunshine  club breakfast to answer their questions and talk… 
another stellar performance by  in win over ecu, extending our win streak to  games! only five undef… 
thrilled to see ⁦⁩ featured in the ⁦⁩ and described as the best college team in our football-r… 
what a great idea! so inspiring to see young people learning about issues important in our community. engaged citiz… 
it’s my pleasure to offer the keynote tonight at the seminole association of school administrators legislative dinn… 
thank you  for inviting me back to answer questions from your members on important issues. i’m a strong… 
it was an honor to help cut the ribbon on the #puertorico government integrated services center in #orlando to help… 
i am proud to stand on the right side of history and to have earned a  on the human rights campaign’s congressio… 
so pleased to shadow principal sheila burke at azalea park elementary school in #orlando today as part of national… 
it was my honor to recognize  junior advay prasad tonight at his  eagle scout court in… 
this weekend, it was my honor to speak at the vfw post  in #wintersprings to support ’s efforts to ma… 
 : today on our #navybday, we celebrate the critical role the #usnavy has served in protecting and promoting american interests…
i missed the game on tv today, but i heard it was a good one! congrats  on overcoming adversity and wi… 
it was my pleasure to take my colleague , co-chair of the , by the  in downto… 
our two states were hit hard by #hurricanemichael. together,  &amp; i stopped by  yesterday to… 
 : “there are a lot of families suffering right now,” said  at the food bank on friday. “this is the kind of w…
on #nationalcomingoutday, i am in awe over the courage it took for many lgbtq people to come out and share their tr… 
breaking news --&gt;  million americans, including about , right here in #fl, will get a .% increase in th… 
update: , , and i - and many fellow members of our delegation - sent letter to  e… 
as #hurricanemichael makes landfall, my thoughts and prayers - and those of all floridians - are with the people an… 
today i joined many of my fellow members of the florida delegation urging  to offer his “full support” for fl… 
i'm so honored our office was able to help this veteran get the benefits he had earned. if you or someone you know… 
i just completed a briefing with  officials on #hurricanemichael. while the panhandle and big bend regions wil… 
 : nhc director ken graham will provide a facebook live broadcast at : a.m. edt (: a.m. cdt) regarding hurricane #mi…
as #hurricanemichael approaches florida, i encourage everyone in central florida to monitor the storm closely. now… 
dominant performance by offense, defense, and special teams in  victory over smu at the bounce house t… 
this just in -&gt; orange county, seminole county, and  to get $m from  to expand the supply of… 
 hey back, adorable dog belonging to . perhaps a play date with  after nov. ?
 hey amy! carmela is a mini goldendoodle who loves bipartisan cooperation and squirrels. hope you’ll fol… 
thank you for visiting! and thank you  for manning the fort while i’m in central florida...or should… 
 : happening today  : pm edt  phones will display this national test using the header “presidential alert.” these nationwide a…
 : on october ,  at appx : edt  will issue a nationwide test  of the emergency alert system and wireless emergency al…
my thoughts are with  and his family tonight. it's a courageous act to publicly share his struggles wit… 
a very happy th anniversary to the ! thanks for all you do to foster bipartisanship on issues impor… 
...i’m optimistic about the future. but it won’t be easy. i’ll keep working in congress to build bipartisan support… 
...i refuse to accept these mass shootings - and the daily drumbeat of gun violence in our communities - as the new… 
...we don’t have all the answers, but we do have some, and some is a start. what this congress lacks, however, is t… 
...we must do more than simply pay lip service to mental health; we need to strengthen it and better fund it. weapo… 
...after each of these tragedies, we looked for a single deficiency to “solve” this problem because it was easier t… 
one year ago today, hundreds of individuals &amp; families had their lives taken or forever changed in the… 
so pleased i was able to help the jewish federation of greater orlando obtain a $, federal grant to bolster i… 
talent + teamwork = another  convincing win by th-ranked , this time over acc foe pitt. hope it’s en… 
breaking-&gt;the house just passed my provision to create new federal grants that will help florida &amp; other states dev… 
breaking -&gt; the house just approved a bill with my provision strongly funding the  counter-drug progr… 
the movement for statehood for #puertorico is noble. it’s rooted in the simple yet powerful belief that the u.s. ci… 
 : . announces funding for ucf to help veterans, active duty personnel suffering from ptsd: …
phew! the sunshine state battle between our th-ranked  and a tough fau team was a little too close f… 
this just in:  awards summit technologies, a veteran-owned small business in #winterpark, a multi-million do… 
grant notification:  will receive $ million from  to develop its own virtual reality software… 
 thanks for coming by! i'm so pleased that  is doing her job well. i'll be sure to note this… 
 : what's better than advocating for women business owners?!  advocating for women business owners with a dog in the room! this…
a year ago, #hurricanemaria hit puerto rico. today we look back and honor the american lives lost or upended. today… 
murphy issues statement one year after hurricane maria made landfall in puerto rico; murphy hace una declaración un… 
cuando el huracán maria devastó a #puertorico, yo luché con éxito para conseguir ayuda para la isla y para las escu… 
breaking -&gt; thanks in part to my bipartisan initiative to secure emergency education funding after last year's hurr… 
an amazing tribute to an amazing person and player. so proud of this ⁦⁦⁩ alum! #ucf  
so pleased families from across central florida could join us today in #longwood for my seniors resource fair! than… 
 : thank you  for organizing and hosting the seniors resource fair in longwood.  was honored to particip…
yom kippur, the holiest day of the year for the jewish people, begins at sundown. it is a day of atonement, self-di… 
grant notification: i'm proud to announce three federal grants to  in #winterpark and  and commu… 
thank you  for presenting me w/’s spirit of enterprise award for my record of supporting small busi… 
i had a great visit w/ students to discuss the constitution on #constitutionday. as someone who fled co… 
 : .,  continue to fight for funds to hire more disabled veterans:  #ssnaler…
 yes, shari, we do! it's our seniors resource fair from am to noon at the longwood community buildin… 
tomorrow: please join us in #longwood from am to noon on tuesday, sept.  for our seniors resource fair! it's at… 
   happy (belated) birthday!
 : .,  sound alarm on 'deep fakes'  via  #flapol …
 :  thank you for meeting with my class today! you were inspiring and really made a difference in these ki…
icymi: the house yesterday passed a measure  and i wrote to help disabled military veterans transition… 
great news! the house passed a measure  and i wrote to help disabled military veterans transition to t… 
my statement on ' untruthful comments about the number of fatalities in puerto rico related to… 
 : stephanie murphy asks intelligence agencies to look into threats posed by 'deep fakes'  https:/…
save the date! on tuesday, sept. , i am hosting a seniors resource fair at the #longwood community center from a… 
breaking: , , and i sent a letter to  asking the intelligence community to assess… 
you're invited! on tuesday, sept. , i'm hosting a seniors resource fair in #longwood for seniors in central flori… 
icymi: it was my pleasure yesterday to recognize more than  local vietnam veterans in #longwood to thank them for… 
it is my privilege to honor + local vietnam veterans in #longwood as part of the commemoration of the th annive… 
on patriot day, as we remember the / terrorist attacks, my thoughts turn to the innocent victims and their famil… 
 : the congressional app challenge is congress' bipartisan effort to promote #computerscience among middle and high schoo…
 : moving on 🆙  we're now ranked no.  most innovative university by , putting us above duke and johns hopkins universities a…
i recently had the privilege to meet eric wands, area commander for #orlando-based region  of ’s federal pr… 
with rosh hashanah beginning at sundown, i wish the jewish community in central florida and around the world a happ… 
grant announcement! pleased to share  will be receiving a $k grant to research treatments that will improve… 
icymi: when florida schools took in fellow americans from #puertorico &amp; #usvi following hurricane maria, i got to w… 
thank you todd &amp; shelly from #longwood for visiting my washington office this week. i hope you enjoyed your tour of… 
excited to share that carmela, our office's chief morale officer, was featured on the front page of '… 
great news! i'll keep working hard on  to help keep this trend going in central florida and across our… 
this just in! --&gt; are you interested in attending a u.s. service academy next year? i'm extending the deadline to a… 
 : the  flag is now flying high outside of city hall as we show our community's support for the national champi…
 : . scores a win as house passes her amendment to help transfer students:  #ssnalerts #s…
so proud of ⁦⁩ graduate ⁦⁩, who continues to inspire and impress. i wish him a strong season. we… 
i'm proud to join  &amp;  in helping to introduce a bipartisan bill to declare congress' s… 
video: when florida schools took in fellow americans from #puertorico &amp; #usvi following hurricane maria, i got to w… 
breaking: the house just unanimously passed my measure to empower college students considering transfers to make be… 
from veterans to seniors, i am proud of the many constituents my office has been able to help through casework. rea… 
seniors resource fair: on tuesday, sept.  from am - noon, i'm hosting a seniors resource fair in #longwood to he… 
this just in --&gt; orlando housing authority will receive nearly $, from  to help individuals with disab… 
orange co. schools are receiving more than $m (the most in the state) and seminole co. schools more than $.m to… 
congress is broken &amp; we need bold ideas to fix it. i stand with many of my bipartisan #problemsolvers colleagues &amp;… 
i need your help! are you a vietnam veteran? is someone you know a vietnam veteran? we're honoring all veterans who… 
on #laborday, we honor the men and women who, whatever their occupation, work so hard—day in and day out—to provide… 
us citizens in puerto rico have earned the right to full representation &amp; full equality under the law, which they c… 
i was deeply moved by today’s tribute to senator john mccain. it was such a fitting way to honor the life and legac… 
just in ➡️  to award $.m to fl to help homeless veterans w/special needs. i co-led a bill w/… 
enjoyed visiting w/national treasury employees union members today in #maitland. as a former federal employee mysel… 
are you a vietnam veteran? is someone you know a vietnam veteran? we're honoring all veterans who served -… 
help me honor vietnam veterans! as part of the commemoration of the th anniversary of the vietnam war, i'm partne… 
congrats to  and  for their big season-opening win over uconn!  wishing injured corner… 
this just in --&gt;  has awarded  in #sanford $, to prevent youth substance abuse in semin… 
 : “you cannot fix america’s problems or heal america’s divisions on your own.  but you can do your part—and william &amp; mar…
celebrating yrs of coeducation at , it was a true honor to return to my alma mater &amp; join its fir… 
icymi: : " announces more than $ million for sanford international airport to update ma… 
this just in -&gt; pleased to announce  will receive more than $m to update its master plan, allowing it… 
 : want to become a special agent? join us in an hour, at : p.m. edt, to get an inside look at physical #fitness training at the #…
my heart breaks for the families affected by today’s mass shooting in #jacksonville - yet another mass shooting in… 
on this #womensequalityday, we honor the brave women &amp; allies who fought tirelessly for suffrage and equality - and… 
patriot. hero. public servant. maverick. senator mccain will be missed by this nation. as a vietnamese refugee, i w… 
i am stunned at this loss for our nation, and my thoughts are with  and his family. i am eternally gr… 
as a golfer myself, i may have geeked out visiting the  studios to learn about its great history (w/leg… 
yesterday, i had the pleasure of visiting with representatives of  and mr. bill davis to learn about s… 
   first noticed in may , this is the final award and allocation of the fund… 
this just in -&gt;  has allocated $.m as part of urban area security initiative (uasi) to help prevent, respo… 
my family and i are praying for  and his family during this difficult time. he is an american hero an… 
pleased to announce that #orlando based  is receiving a $, federal grant to help develop cutting-… 
big news! at my recent youth advisory board meeting, students told me one of the biggest obstacles to voting was ac… 
thank you  and  for inviting me to speak today at your diversity luncheon about my story and m… 
we are so fortunate to have a group of smart, hardworking, and dedicated law enforcement officials at the… 
as part of #startupweek across america, my staff and i were so excited to visit  in #orlando - one of cen… 
spoke at  about my time at  and my work on  &amp;  strengthening our na… 
lots to check out at the  #welcomeexpo for first year students! i loved learning about the various #ucf clubs a… 
it was truly a privilege to visit with ’s new president  this morning. i look forward to continuin… 
eid mubarak! wishing observers and their loved ones a blessed eid!
grateful to have student reps from    and  on my youth advisory bo… 
i had a great tour of  asphalt plant in #wintersprings today, whose products are used to build roads… 
breaking:  receiving $.m from  to improve safety and the rider experience along the entire… 
congrats ! #chargeon 
honored to meet this week with radio host william diaz and other members of the vibrant venezuelan community in cen… 
 please call my orlando office at -- and ask for lauren. thanks!
we must work together to remove the stigma of mental health issues and improve both prevention &amp; treatment. i’m so… 
 : . spent time at  in #sanford yesterday. she met with hospital leadership and discussed…
today, the world lost a legend. i join millions in mourning the loss of #arethafranklin - the queen of soul. her mu… 
 : thank you, ! due to your efforts, so many of the students displaced by hurricane maria will be able to con…
 : [video] inside stephanie murphy’s ‘future members’ office 📽️   
just ended an amazing day in #sanford experiencing some of what this amazing community has to offer. it’s certainly… 
 : it was great to meet  today and showcase our innovators thinking and working like engineers!  …
thank you melissa french and brandon specht for letting me stop in to visit your art class and with your amazing st… 
amazed by the quality and talent of medical professionals in central florida! thanks  for giving me… 
stopped by to eat lunch and visit with nat russell, owner of the tennessee truffle in downtown #sanford, about his… 
i had an incredibly moving tour this morning at the husseini islamic center in #sanford. thank you for all you do f… 
we stopped by to tour the brand-new millennium middle school in #sanford and what a sight! terrific new school. tha… 
what a treat to tour  in #sanford today to visit with educators and students! so many great things… 
update: my initiative helped secure ~$m for these fla colleges/universities that took in displaced students from p… 
pleased to announce  is receiving a $, grant from 's national institute on aging to st… 
  i am so sorry to hear about your problems. please call my office at --- and… 
 in addition to k- schools, my initiative also provides funding to reimburse colleges and universities th… 
breaking--&gt; as a result of my initiative following hurricane maria,  awarding florida $.m to reimburse t… 
thank you for your service to our nation and your dedication to helping those who served. it’s been a privilege to… 
breaking:  signed into law fy defense authorization act, including my provision to improve the training s… 
i led bipartisan effort to support colleges that enrolled displaced students from pr/usvi after the hurricanes. ple… 
cdc reports pregnant women w/opioid use disorder increasing in fl. my bipartisan bill will help babies who are born… 
pleased  in #fl has received $k grant to conduct cutting-edge research on ways to treat, and ultim… 
pleased to announce  will receive $k this year—$m total in next  yrs—from  to expand its… 
happy th birthday to  buddy dyer! thank you for your steadfast leadership through tough times and go… 
great to meet w/ &amp; father rodriguez &amp; his congregation at iglesia episcopal jesus de nazaret to discu… 
 : on this #purpleheartday and every day, we honor the brave men and women who have sacrificed for this nation. #honorthem…
thanks for joining! #fl 
today, i held a discussion with my labor advisory board in #orlando. unions stood up for my dad when i was growing… 
i recently partnered w/ acquisition leaders to host a small business innovation workshop to help loca… 
thank you  for giving me a tour of your brewery yesterday in #sanford and for sharing your passion f… 
thank you for hosting our summer interns - and for all you do in service to our community! #fl 
i agree, william. it’s why i’m an original cosponsor of the #raisethewage act to gradually raise the minimum wage o… 
in april, the house passed a bill i co-led with  to crack down on anyone who stalks or preys on minors… 
proud to announce this major federal investment in , which will create good-paying jobs in the short te… 
what an incredible experience getting to tour  and seeing all they have to offer our community - and th… 
grateful to -orlando for visiting with me about the growing field of commercial airline maintenance, gi… 
today, i co-sponsored a bill intro'd by reps.  &amp;  to prohibit the manufacture or possess… 
happy rd birthday, ! you get more beautiful and vibrant by the day. so proud and grateful to repre… 
intern spotlight:  is a student at  in #orlando &amp; hopes to become a pharmacist with a focus on p… 
        thank you for… 
deeply concerned that blueprints for d-printed guns will soon be available online. this could allow untraceable we… 
very much enjoyed touring  to learn about its safety and logistics training - and ride along with rau… 
thank you to the hardworking employees at  in #casselberry for showing me around your store and for visit… 
house republican leaders are threatening the medicare that millions of seniors need in order to access quality heal… 
july  will mark  yrs since #medicare was established as one of our nation's most life-saving programs. i delive… 
breaking: house approved the final fy defense bill. proud to have secured several of my provisions in the #ndaa—i… 
just voted to approve an extension of the national flood insurance program through nov.  to provide some peace of… 
my son, liem, and our chief morale officer, carmela, have teamed up to keep spirits high in our dc office.  their t… 
later today, i'll vote for a bipartisan bill to further delay a federal tax on health insurance coverage until at l… 
great meeting 's new superintendent, lt. gen. darryl williams, who served as commander of nato's all… 
president kennedy said that “a nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces, but also by the men it honors… 
icymi: my bill to honor the late  sergeant first class alwyn cashe was signed into law yesterday. although w… 
breaking: my bill to honor the late  sergeant first class alwyn cashe was just signed by the president and i… 
we must protect a woman’s right to make the best decisions for her and her family. if the senate confirms a scotus…  icymi: president trump signed the suppo for patients &amp; communities act, which includes provisions i introduced to… 
millions of arizonans with pre-existing conditions are at risk of losing life-saving coverage if ag brnovich's laws… 
my staff is holding #az mobile office hours in show low today from am to pm. stop by the vfw to talk to a case… 
my staff works with #az constituents to resolve disputes with federal agencies. they have returned more than $… 
social security &amp; medicare are not only a lifeline for ,+ in #az, they also play an important role in our e… 
i believe our elected leaders should be held accountable to their constituents. that is why i introduced legislatio… 
the violence we saw today has no place in our great nation. it is a stark reminder of the work we have ahead of us… 
my prayers are with the victims and all the worshippers of the tree of life congregation synagogue as they recover,… 
this year's farm bill will impact every community in #az; it is imperative that we get it right. tell me what you… 
medicare beneficiaries often live on a fixed income, &amp; skyrocketing costs are forcing them to choose between health… 
i applaud the hard work of countless law enforcement officers who have been working around the clock to find the pe… 
last week, i toured flood control projects in #az. the army corps of engineers needs to make these projects a pri… 
#az folks know that neither political party has all the answers. they want to see congress tackle the solvency of… 
yesterday, president trump signed the suppo for patients &amp; communities act, which includes provisions i introduce… 
i always enjoy visiting the navajo nation &amp; hearing from locals about issues important to them, including access to… 
 : gric gov. stephen lewis providing opening remarks at the  tribal water summit and honoring his late father rodney le…
the land and water conservation fund allowed communities throughout #az to protect our natural treasures, waterwa… 
last week, i co-hosted a boots to books event with  to hear from #az military and veteran students on w… 
 : trump signs opioid bill with o'halleran provision 
today our bipartisan work to address the opioid crisis was signed into law. i am pleased to see two of my policies,… 
access to quality #childcare in #az is critical for the success of our children, but the costs are often unafford… 
these acts of terrorism are reprehensible and a direct attack on our democracy. no one, regardless of their politic… 
caseworkers on my #az staff are available to assist you w/ issues you may be having w/ medicare, social security,… 
hardworking families throughout #az continue to face skyrocketing prescription drug costs. i cosponsored the lowe… 
sandra day o'connor has made enormous strides for women and girls in the legal field and has left an indelible mark… 
social security and medicare are benefits that #az seniors have earned, and they must be protected. i will not su… 
when partisan gridlock takes priority over debate &amp; passage of a fair, bipartisan budget, elected officials are no… 
it is important that we identify opportunities to connect #az vets to fulfilling careers in upcoming industries.… 
 : leaders at oro valley hospital met with  to discuss what it takes to keep a hospital open and provide hig…
caseworkers on my staff work tirelessly to assist folks like brian in getting their earned benefits. if you're havi… 
icymi: last month, members of  &amp; i introduced our agenda for a #strongruralamerica. this framework wi… 
 : while care is slowly improving for vets in urban areas, those living in rural communities in #az must often drive hundr…
today, the men and women of the th fighter wing demonstrated their capabilities for the president &amp; discussed man… 
while care is slowly improving for vets in urban areas, those living in rural communities in #az must often drive… 
today is #nationalmammographyday. the best defense is early detection; schedule a mammogram and encourage the women… 
camp verde: having an issue with your earned benefits, such as social security, medicare, or veterans benefits? sto… 
thanks to  leaders and lt. gen. semonite of the army corps of engineers for joining me this week to… 
growing our economy, honoring our veterans, and supporting our seniors are nonpartisan goals we can all get behind.… 
social security &amp; medicare are programs #az seniors have paid into their entire lives. they do not deserve to hav… 
i toured #az flood control &amp; levee projects w/ lt. gen. semonite, the commanding general of the u.s. army corps o… 
since coming to congress, i've traveled tens of thousands of miles across arizona and only spent about  nights in… 
the deadline to apply for a spring internship in my washington d.c office is october st. see my website for detai… 
today we celebrate the th anniversary of the clean water act. now more than ever, it is important that we continu… 
having an issue with a federal program, such as medicare, social security, or veterans benefits? stop by #az mobi… 
after working tirelessly w/ stakeholders, last week i received a letter from the national guard bureau confirming r… 
earlier this year, #az servicemembers at silverbell learned that a portion of their allotted housing benefits wer… 
show low: today, caseworkers on my staff are hosting #az mobile office hours at the vfw to assist you w/ issues y… 
transparency is not a partisan issue. i am committed to bringing transparency to my work by sharing information abo… 
hardworking #az folks deserve to have their elected officials held to a higher standard. since coming to congress… 
i joined my colleagues to introduce the bipartisan stress act to combat the increasing rate of suicide among farmer… 
this thursday, i'm hosting a #bootstobooks event with  to hear from veteran students, school administrato… 
we must have a full reauthorization of the violence against women act, set to expire again in december. read my op-… 
this year's #farmbill is an opportunity for us to work to elevate rural america, our hardworking farmers and ranche… 
the land and water conservation fund has allowed communities throughout #az to protect our nation’s natural treas… 
#az medicare beneficiaries often live on a fixed income, &amp; rising costs are forcing many to decide between necess… 
for  years, the brave men and women of the u.s.  have defended our waters and our great nation. join me i… 
after months of work w/ stakeholders &amp; families to end efforts to recoup housing allowance funds for servicemembers… 
survivors of domestic violence &amp; abuse often face homelessness &amp; housing insecurity at disproportionately higher ra… 
today we thank our hardworking ranchers, farmers, and folks in the ag industry for their immense contributions to b… 
#az is one of the largest districts in the nation, but my staff hosts mobile office hours in every corner. tomorr… 
join me in congratulating #az eloy police dept sgt. violet maestas who will be honored on heroes day in tucson. s… 
as a cop, i saw first-hand the sacrifices first responders make to keep us safe. i look forward to the opening of t… 
for many vets in #az, long-term care facilities in phoenix &amp; tucson are out of reach. i introduced the fairness f… 
social security and medicare are lifelines for more than , arizonans in #az. i am fighting to protect these… 
no elected official should be enriching themselves off their position. i cosponsored a rules change to prohibit mem… 
 : we're hosting #bootstobooks with  to bring together student vets and administrators from across the state and w…
every child deserves a safe place in which they can learn &amp; grow, but in the most rural areas that is not the reali… 
the deadline for #az military academy nomination consideration is october th. if you, or someone you know, is i… 
as chair of blue dog special task force on rural america, i released our strong rural america agenda. this proposal… 
i am hosting an event this month with  for school administrators, veterans center staff, and students to… 
the deadline to register to vote or update your registration is today. you can check on your status and complete th… 
#az seniors should not have to choose between paying for life-saving medications or putting food on the table. i… 
 : over the past year &amp; a half, i have spent about  nights in my home. instead, i have put tens of thousands of miles trav…
i introduced legislation that would hold congress accountable to the american people. if we cannot do our job, we s… 
over the past year &amp; a half, i have spent about  nights in my home. instead, i have put tens of thousands of mile… 
while we can never fully repay the debt we owe our veterans for their service, i am committed to doing all i can to… 
subscribe to my email newsletter to hear about my work for #az families, seniors, and veterans. 
october is #domesticviolenceawarenessmonth &amp; now more than ever, we must have a full reauthorization of the violenc… 
social security &amp; medicare are benefits that #az seniors have earned, &amp; they do not deserve to have the rug pulle… 
are you having an issue w/ a federal program, such as veterans benefits, social security, or medicare? my staff hos… 
there are only a few weeks left to apply for a military academy nomination through my office. visit my website to l… 
last week, the house of representatives voted to pass an opioid package that included my rural docs &amp; root acts, bo… 
 : “uranium mining throughout northern #arizona, and especially near the grand canyon, has left a toxic wake of contaminatio…
today my staff is in eastern #az bringing mobile office hours to concho and st. johns. caseworkers will be on sit… 
for too long, congress has left the needs of rural america on the back burner. last month, members of… 
uranium mining in #az left behind toxic issues for rural &amp; tribal communities. w/ the supreme court’s decision to… 
every child in #az deserves a safe environment in which to learn. i introduced the impact aid infrastructure act… 
i joined my colleagues on the bipartisan problem solvers caucus to call for a change in the way the congress works.… 
join me in congratulating army medic ronald j. shurer ii, who today received of the medal of honor for heroic actio… 
for years, the land &amp; water conservation fund has protected natural treasures &amp; the heritage of native americans, a… 
thank you to all who joined me this weekend for the groundbreaking ceremony of the giovale open deck observatory an… 
having an issue with a federal program, including veterans benefits, medicare, or social security? my staff is in s… 
as a member of the seniors task force, i am working w/ my colleagues to address issues facing seniors in #az, inc… 
hardworking #az folks are too often the victims of scammers and fraud. visit my website for a list of fraud preve… 
we must have a full reauthorization of the violence against women act, set to expire this month. i'm leading effort… 
today, we took decisive action to curb the effects of the opioid epidemic in #az by passing legislation that incl… 
today i introduced the capped allowable payments from seniors (caps) for prescriptions act to limit out-of-pocket r… 
 : editorial: reauthorization of violence against women act must take place 
caseworkers in my office work tirelessly to assist folks in #az to get their earned benefits, including people li… 
i have the distinct honor to be able to nominate  candidates to four of the five u.s. service academies. applicat… 
this year's farm bill will affect every community in #az. it is imperative we do all we can to use this opportuni… 
on /, i'm cohosting an event with  to connect military &amp; vet students, school admins, &amp; vet center st… 
this year i've had  meetings in dc &amp; #az. i've enjoyed meeting folks in every part of the district, hearing ab… 
last week, as chair of the  task force on rural america, i introduced our #strongruralamerica agenda.… 
window rock: having an issue with a federal program, such as medicare, veterans benefits, or social security? casew… 
with this year's #farmbill, we have the opportunity to address the needs of rural america. it is imperative that we… 
survivors of domestic violence &amp; sexual assault face homelessness &amp; housing insecurity at disproportionately higher… 
need assistance with a federal program, such as medicare, social security, or veterans benefits? stop by the show l… 
freezing your credit, a process that prevents identity thieves from opening false accounts in your name, is now fre… 
 : on behalf of , attending the az lbdcp tribal ics work group meeting #. great discussion on impacts to trib…
students in #az &amp; across the country are sitting in condemned schools, &amp; the school repairs are often delayed for… 
your elected officials should work for you, not their own self interests. i cosponsored h.res. to ensure that m… 
the opioid epidemic has devastated communities &amp; taken its toll on children. this summer, the house passed a bill i… 
tomorrow is national public lands day. join me in appreciating #az natural wonders up close by visiting a nationa… 
icymi: yesterday, as chair of the  rural task force i rolled out our #strongruralamerica agenda, outl… 
today is #powmiarecognitionday, where we remember all those who suffered for our freedoms, and all those still miss… 
having issues with your medicare, veterans benefits, or social security? my staff is hosting #az mobile office ho… 
 my staff wouldn’t let me do comic sans. 
 : yesterday, i traveled beautiful northern az with  where he met with hopi chairman nuvangyaoma and with the…
for decades, social security and medicare have given retirees, disabled workers, and families health and economic s… 
i sent a letter to the fcc demanding answers on inaccurately reported data re: access to broadband in indian countr… 
as chair of  rural task force, i'm proud to announce our #strongruralamerica agenda. this package giv… 
 : success in this country shouldn’t depend on your zip code, &amp; washington must address the needs of rural communities to f…
it is clear, as i visit communities across #az, that rural america is primed for economic growth. a strong rural… 
 : . speaking to the pinon chapter veterans organization about future veterans wellness center. …
i led congressional efforts to ensure the upper colorado river basin fund received necessary funding in the recentl… 
it's imperative we do all that we can to honor our #az vets, including identifying opportunities for them to succ… 
to everyone observing yom kippur, g'mar chatimah tovah. wishing you a meaningful and easy fast. #az
i'm co-hosting an event with  on / to connect military &amp; veteran students, school administrators, &amp; s… 
i had a great time discussing local issue with the folks who run  in williams. i cosponsored legislation… 
happy birthday, ! thank you to all the brave men and women who take to the skies to defend our freedoms… 
show low: having an issue w/ a federal program? we’re bringing #az mobile office hours to the vfw today from  a… 
last week, i voted to pass a bill that freezes congressional salaries for the th year in a row. with our nation's… 
i sent a letter to  demanding immediate action to halt a clawback of housing benefits from servicemembers… 
today we celebrate the st anniversary of the signing of the united states constitution, a document that continue… 
 : hardworking servicemembers should not have to fight bureaucracy to receive the housing allowance they’ve earned. today, i…
  
today marks the beginning of #hispanicheritagemonth. we honor and celebrate the contributions of generations of lat… 
hardworking servicemembers should not have to fight bureaucracy to receive the housing allowance they’ve earned. to… 
social security &amp; medicare are benefits americans have earned; they do not deserve to have the rug pulled out from… 
with the federal deficit climbing higher every year, this extravagant misuse of taxpayer money is completely unacce… 
i sent a letter to fcc chairman ajit pai demanding answers after reports overstated broadband access on tribal land… 
today i voted to pass an appropriations bill that includes language i championed to preserve the upper colorado riv… 
last month, #az firefighters, cops, &amp; countless federal employees learned they wouldn't receive a pay raise next… 
today, my staff is hosting #az mobile office hours in tuba city. stop by to speak with a caseworker about your me… 
access to broadband isn't a luxury for everyone in #az, but it's vital for the success of businesses &amp; students i… 
seniors across #az cannot live a full, happy life without their eyeglasses, hearing aids, &amp; dental care. unfortun… 
my colleagues in the house problem solver's caucus &amp; i introduced "break the gridlock", a package of reforms to upd… 
this year's #farmbill will have a huge impact on communities in #az &amp; across the us. it is vitally important that… 
since coming to congress, i've had , meetings with folks in #az &amp; dc. i appreciate hearing from constituents… 
native american vets in #az deserve access to the care they were promised. i introduced the nursing home care for… 
today we mourn the deaths of the innocent victims of the heinous / terrorist attack and the heartbreak felt by f… 
 : on behalf of , i attended the tribal ics work group meeting today. great discussion on the need for collabo…
do you have questions about federal programs such as social security, medicare, or veterans benefits? #az casewor… 
your elected representatives should work for you, not their own self interests. i cosponsored h.res., legislati… 
i joined my colleagues to introduce the bipartisan stress act to give america's farmers and ranchers a lifeline to… 
today is #worldsuicidepreventionday. this is an important reminder to take time to be there for loved ones who may… 
today my staff is holding #az mobile office hours in globe. stop by the gila county courthouse between  am and… 
l'shanah tovah to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah! wishing you a healthy and peaceful new year. #az
 : a big thank you to  for taking the time to congratulate   graduate of  for his …
the  #farmbill will impact every #az community, and it is imperative that we get it right. as we work on the… 
if you don't do your job, you don't get paid. why should congress be any different? i support legislation that woul… 
rural america has been overlooked for too long. we need a #farmbill that aids our farmers and ranchers, helps stren… 
thanks to mayor evans and  officials for stopping by my office this morning. i am pleased to have a… 
this week, my interns had the pleasure of putting together care packages for military spouses with . milita… 
great to have folks from the  in my office yesterday. as we work on the  #farmbill, i am grateful to have… 
please join me in honoring taylor galvin and his commitment to our nation. he will forever be remembered for his se… 
victims of domestic abuse often face homelessness &amp; housing insecurity at disproportionately higher rates than othe… 
my staff works tirelessly to assist constituents like jason with issues they are having with social security, medic… 
today, i introduced a bill to protect children &amp; law enforcement officers on tribal lands from domestic violence. a… 
today, my staff will be holding an #az mobile office in hotevilla. stop by the hopi veteran outstation from  am… 
 : , thanks for stopping by superior. great meetings! 
icymi: i spent august recess on a marathon of an rv tour, visiting communities in every corner of #az. from an ab… 
 : “a lot of student borrowers simply do not know all the options available to them as they repay their federal student l…
today the house unanimously passed my amendment to ensure student loan borrowers have access to income-repayment in… 
 : along with a  colleague, attending the agriculture mitigation wg on the arizona lower basin drought conting…
the #farmbill will impact every single community in az. we have a responsibility to support our agriculture produce… 
today my staff is in the eastern part of the state bringing our #az constituent resources to folks in concho and… 
👇 thread: read my testimony from this morning's #farmbill conference committee public meeting. #az 
this #farmbill is a tremendous opportunity to do good for rural arizona and rural america.   i urge my colleagues t… 
for arizona’s future, we must promote conservation practices that allow our farmers and ranchers to conserve water… 
for arizona’s forests, we must create a restoration economy that will grow jobs and provide value to rural communit… 
for indian country, we must promote tribal self-determination and sovereignty in forestry, nutrition, and education… 
for arizona's rural communities, we must help them build the broadband and other infrastructure they need to access… 
az ag producers must have a reliable &amp; meaningful safety net. producers across the country deserve certainty that'l… 
today, we must put partisanship aside and work together to get results. we must aid our farmers and ranchers, help… 
as a member of the #farmbill conference committee, i am fighting for #az farmers and ranchers, working families,… 
public education is the cornerstone of a strong economy in our state &amp; across the nation. this #nationalreded day,… 
today my staff is hosting #az mobile office hours in show low. stop by from  am to  pm to speak with a casewor… 
today we celebrate the hardworking men and women who fought for, and continue to defend, the rights of laborers acr… 
 :  discussing efforts to implement the lower basin drought contingency plan in arizona with  director…
this week, #az firefighters, police officers, forest rangers, &amp; countless others learned they wouldn't be given a… 
 : u.s. sen. john mccain lies in state in the u.s. capitol rotunda #abc (photo: getty images) 
it is my honor to nominate up to  candidates for appointment to  u.s. service academies: u.s. military academy;… 
interested in the work i'm doing on behalf of #az here in washington? subscribe to my newsletter for email update… 
today we mourn the loss of a true hero. rest in peace, senator mccain. 
i'm proud of the maricopa public library for making videophone technology available to the public. read more about… 
senator john mccain will be honored across the nation this week in arizona, washington, dc, and at the naval academ… 
eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dental care are essential health care needs for #az seniors, and each should be cov… 
in july, the bipartisan house problem solvers caucus introduced our "break the gridlock" package of reforms, legisl…  holding staff mobile office hours for veterans’ services in capitola tomorrow, october , .  to schedule a mee… 
read more about my legislation, the specialty crop mechanization prize challenge act, here: 
i introduced the specialty crop mechanization prize challenge act to encourage public-private partnerships between… 
#aca open enrollment for  begins this thursday. here are some important dates to make sure you get covered.  
a senseless act of violence today in pittsburgh. neither antisemitism nor any form of hatred and bigotry have any p… 
today is national prescription take back day. pharmacies and hospitals across the central coast of california, incl… 
spoke with  today about improvements to the pajaro levee. i am committed to working with all stakehold… 
wonderful to meet teresa romero, president-elect of the , today in #watsonville.  i look forward to cont… 
had a great time on let's talk with lou, speaking with host lou tuosto and santa cruz th district supervisor bruce… 
 : rep. jimmy panetta listens to how mushrooms are produced while waiting the arrival of u.s. sen. dianne feinstein for a roundt…
 : us sen. dianne feinstein is greeted by rep. jimmy panetta at the monterey mushroom facility for a tour, and roundtable talk w…
new report shows how millions of older americans, women &amp; people with pre-existing conditions could be harmed by th… 
visited  to observe the impact of their garden program, which provides the children with fresh, healt… 
 : #acxchange is now in monterey, cali. thanks  for a warm welcome  
  many #ca schools use the federal fresh fruit &amp; vegetable program to help provide school… 
celebrated #nationalfoodday at  with students, staff &amp; members of the local . i spoke with… 
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
grateful to the postal service, the secret service, and other law enforcement and first responders who are doing th… 
national prescription take back day is this saturday, october . use the locator on this website to find out where… 
 : congratulations to the winners of the  poster contest! st place emma crane &amp; nd place michelle foley #we…
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
but, fortunately, it would not eliminate precedents set by dozens of federal courts over the last two decades affir… 
this proposal intends to roll back #transgender people's right to equal access to health care, housing, education &amp;… 
veterans mobile office hours in capitola next wednesday, october : mobile office hours are an opportunity for vet… 
the #centralcoast has a legacy of laws, leaders &amp; local communities that have long fought to protect our oceans. i… 
thank you, dan, for highlighting my legislation, the #nationaloceanpolicyact which would restore federal policies t… 
#aca open enrollment for  begins soon. here are some important dates to make sure you get covered.  
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
i joined more than  democrats in the u.s. house and senate in calling on education secretary betsy devos to turn… 
proud to have earned a  on the human rights campaign’s congressional scorecard for my support of #lgbtq equality… 
 : only  more days until the great california #shakeout drill. sign up to “drop, cover, and hold on” on october  at :…
you can’t have it both ways. when you shove through a major piece of legislation like tax reform without holding an… 
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
on the central coast of california, there is an acute need for available and affordable farmworker housing. i have… 
appreciated the opportunity to meet with community members at the  in monterey today. 
 : in a country as great as ours, hunger is a political condition. on this world food day, we are proud to fight on behalf of…
thank you, , for your help on this important project.  i look forward to continuing to work with you a… 
earlier this year, congress approved legislation for a two-year extension of the special diabetes program, providin… 
i had the opportunity to take part in the  juvenile diabetes research foundation walk this past weekend. there… 
small business owners on the central coast: it is national cybersecurity awareness month. now is a great time to ta… 
 : thank you, , for joining us at the #monterey #walkendalz and for your support on behalf of those livi…
#aca open enrollment for  begins soon. here are some important dates to make sure you get covered.  
announcing #albafarmers received a $, grant to expand outreach and on-farm agriculture education to high-scho… 
. confirms what we on the #centralcoast already know - #monterey is one of the best small cities in the… 
to the thousands of farmers and farmworkers from the salad bowl of the world, thank you for feeding our nation!… 
  congratulations to you and liz! emmy is lucky to have you both for parents.
 : proud to join ’s bill that would defund ’s proposed public charge rule. this proposed rule seeks to den…
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
i'll be on the talkabout radio show on . fm kzsc santa cruz at pm. listen here:  
need #financialaid for -? fill out the federal #fafsa form at  
excited to welcome dr. ann elisabeth rondeau, retired vice admiral, as the next president of . i thank… 
congratulations to shelby o'neil, a girl scout from san juan bautista, who has been named one of ten  national… 
dhs wants to deny permanent residency for legal immigrants who use public benefits, including food assistance, medi… 
announcing that california farmlink received federal grants and loan capital totaling over $m from . these in… 
 : "i am proud that elkhorn slough is being recognized internationally for what we on the central coast of #california hav…
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
#aca open enrollment for  begins soon. here are some important dates to make sure you get covered.  
my office is accepting applications for service academy nominations. interested candidates must submit applications… 
 : the  was designated as a 'wetland of international importance' under ! the biologically rich es…
on manufacturing day, i want to recognize the over  firms that employ around , of our neighbors in #ca.  i… 
i recently joined  to introduce the bipartisan h.r. , to require congressional approval before the… 
the administration’s tariffs are negatively impacting american industries &amp; consumers, including manufacturers on t… 
let's hope after november congressional leadership is willing to exercise our article i power to stand up to these… 
once again, our judicial branch flexed its muscles and provided the necessary checks and balances over the administ… 
toured global connections to employment in seaside. through the abilityone program, they provide both training &amp; em… 
thankful for the firefighters and first responders who assisted with containing the  #nacimientofire yesterday. 
toured the  er to learn about how physicians on the front line are addressing opioid addiction and pr… 
 : we were honored today to have  stop by our emergency department to learn more about what we have done to…
 : a large fire off the nacimiento-fergusson road by the san miguelito loop is being tended by engines from fhl, los padr…
 thank you, steny, for the well wishes and for all of your stalwart leadership.
#aca open enrollment for  begins soon. here are some important dates to make sure you get covered.  
it is wonderful to see the sam farr peace corps reform act of , named after my predecessor &amp; peace corps alumnu… 
as a former prosecutor, i found dr. christine blasey ford’s testimony credible, coherent, and courageous.  every se… 
i will keep pressing the administration for effective trade actions that benefit the economy of the central coast o… 
in a meeting with  &amp;  yesterday, i asked what happens if the deadline is missed. a senior administr… 
i just introduced the special counsel security assurance act to limit the president’s ability to interfere with spe… 
the right to vote is the foundation of our democracy.   get registered to vote here:  and do… 
it’s #seaotterawarenessweek. a legacy of laws, leaders, and local communities have protected these precious animals… 
the  recognizes malaria as the number one infectious disease threat to the united states armed forces… 
attacking immigrant communities is, sadly, typical of this administration.  this action is counter to the values of… 
my office is now accepting applications for service academy nominations.  candidates must submit applications and o… 
it is national public lands day #npld! to celebrate,  national park is offering free admission today,… 
happy national hispanic-serving institutions week. proud to have wonderful #hsis in #ca that educate the next gen… 
tomorrow is national public lands day #npld! to celebrate,  national park is offering free admission … 
today, #powmiarecognitionday, we remember and honor american prisoners of war, those still missing in action, and t… 
an open internet is invaluable to small businesses on the central coast. without #netneutrality rules, they will be… 
 andy, i am happy to try to help. based on where you live, i suggest reaching out to crystal with congressw… 
 : the #fireweatherwatch has been upgraded to a #redflagwarning and is in effect through thursday due to gusty winds, low humidi…
g'mar chatimah tova to jewish families on the central coast observing yom kippur. wishing you an easy and meaningful fast.
only way to properly vet a supreme court candidate is to have a proper background investigation.  let the fbi do th… 
refugees are the most thoroughly vetted people who enter our country to flee violence &amp; persecution. this decision… 
 : thank you  for supporting our #veterans and introducing the veterans resource center act here at csumb today wit…
this month, i was proud to introduce two bipartisan bills to support our student veterans: the veterans resource ce… 
happy #hispanicheritagemonth! from september  through october , we celebrate the heritage, culture, and contrib… 
thank you, , for highlighting the hardworking men and women who help make our home the salad bowl of the world. 
thank you, too, ! enjoyed learning more about how  is working to connect children in watsonvi… 
i joined fellow veteran  (r-va) in introducing the #gibill transfer extension act, to increase flexi… 
we remember and honor the lives lost  years ago today. #neverforget 
announcing over $k in federal grants for rural development on the #centralcoast of california. the grants will be… 
l’shanah tovah to all those celebrating on the central coast of california. may this year bring peace and prosperit… 
we cannot replace the bad policy of family separation with indefinite detention of migrant minors. the flores settl… 
you can read more about the bill here: 
the us &amp; our nato allies ensure enduring peace, stability, and security around the world. naming the headquarters a… 
i joined  in introducing a bipartisan house resolution to support renaming 's headquarters after… 
announcing mobile office hours this month in watsonville, hollister, greenfield, and aptos. to schedule an appointm… 
thank you to dave ramos of veterans take charge radio show  for having me on your show this weekend t… 
 : at the monterey county fair junior action this morning,  and  helping with bids. https://…
you can read my letter to itc chairman johanson, here: 
i led a bipartisan group of house members in calling on the international trade commission to reverse the damaging… 
humbled to have taken part in a service medals presentation today for the family of late world war ii veteran, tech… 
you can watch 's coverage here  
this wednesday, august : my staff will be holding mobile office hours for veterans’ services in santa cruz.  to s… 
i cosponsored the house version of the rent relief act to help californians and all americans struggling to afford… 
federal grant for college students: the university corporation at monterey bay received a grant totaling $,,… 
all americans should watch or read his final speech in the u.s. senate that demonstrated this: 
he fully grasped that public service is about putting our nation and its people before oneself.  such a sense of se… 
today, america lost one of its heroes and most dedicated public servants. senator john mccain, from his service and… 
excited to announced that communities in monterey and santa cruz counties will receive over $ million cdbg &amp; home… 
read our letter to the federal trade commission, demanding an investigation into verizon's throttling of santa clar… 
i joined fellow members of congress from northern california in demanding that the  investigate whether verizon… 
 : new: i sent a letter today with  and  northern california members to the federal trade commission (ftc), ur…
. secretary betsy devos is proposing a rule change that would reduce loan relief for defrauded students by… 
announcing that  received a $,, grant award from the  national science foundation to be used to hel… 
 : coast line: rep. jimmy panetta offers aug.  mobile office hours for vets 
announcing that elkhorn slough national estuarine research reserve received a $, federal grant from the natio… 
announcing staff mobile office hours for veterans’ services in santa cruz on wednesday, august , . to schedul… 
if you cannot make it to tonight's town hall in monterey, check out the live feed, here:   t… 
i will be holding a town hall in monterey today, thursday, august  from : p.m. to : p.m. doors open at :… 
if you cannot make it to tonight's town hall in watsonville, check out the live feed, here: … 
i will be holding a town hall in watsonville today, wednesday, august  from : p.m. to : p.m. doors open at… 
dreamers: you can still renew your #daca application. if you are eligible, apply as soon as possible. 
today is the th anniversary of the implementation of #daca. congress must work together to negotiate and pass perm… 
 :  is coming to town this week and will host a town hall tomorrow from : p.m. – : …
today is the rd anniversary of #socialsecurity. our nation’s hard-working families and seniors deserve the securi… 
if you cannot make it to tonight's town hall in salinas, check out the live feed, here:   th… 
i will be holding a town hall in salinas today, tuesday, august  from : p.m. to : p.m. doors open at : p… 
i will be holding town halls this week in salinas, watsonville, and monterey. more details here:  
 : congressman panetta congratulates the undergraduate and graduate researchers and thanks them for their commitment to scien…
now accepting applications for fall interns in my salinas and washington, d.c. offices. it is a great opportunity t… 
congratulations to viktor &amp; amalija knavs on becoming u.s. citizens through our nation's family reunification polic… 
i signed the discharge petition to restore #netneutrality rules because i stand with innovators and consumers. we m… 
i will be holding town halls this month in salinas, watsonville, and monterey. more details here: 
visited with students of ord terrace elementary's summer school program. all students here receive free lunches tha… 
i am committed to defending a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. #committoroe
 : aarp thanks  for voting to #protectsnap and not letting older californians go hungry.
californians appreciate federal disaster aid to fight &amp; recover from fires. we don’t appreciate ignorant tweets abo… 
my august newsletter is now out. click the link below to read about some of the work that i have been up to on beha… 
now accepting applications for fall interns in my salinas and washington, d.c. offices. it is a great opportunity t… 
 : a large number of military vehicles will be traveling from fhl to camp roberts throughout the day today (aug ), inclu…
 : today is national purple heart day.  did you know purple heart recipients enrolled in va care receive additional benefits i…
awesome feature in this month's mission village voice about hollister's own rachelle linda escamilla, who was invit… 
 : today is set aside to honor those either killed or wounded while in service to our nation. thank you for your sacrifice…
today, on the anniversary of the #votingrightsact we recommit to protecting this pillar of our democracy. i cospons… 
national #farmersmarketweek is august -, . we have so many wonderful farmers markets right here in the salad… 
now through august : make your voices heard on the addition of a citizenship question in the  census. adding a… 
the public are invited to “get into your sanctuary” on august ,  to discover the recreational opportunities at… 
the public are invited to “get into your sanctuary” today, august ,  to discover the recreational opportunitie… 
the public are invited to “get into your sanctuary” tomorrow, august ,  to discover the recreational opportuni… 
right now, you can still apply to #renewdaca. if you meet the requirements, click on the link below  actualmente aú… 
now accepting applications for fall interns in my salinas and washington, d.c. offices! it is a great opportunity t… 
the president's shortsighted move will be met with strong &amp; coordinated opposition across the country.  the adminis… 
california has and will continue to serve as a model for the nation in the fight against climate change, despite th… 
national parks throughout the nation, including our very own pinnacles national park, benefit from the dedicated pu… 
i've co-introduced a bipartisan bill to support seasonal employees of the . under existing regulati… 
effective aug   implemented  more provisions to the forever #gibill. i cosponsored this bill-sign… 
i joined more than  fellow members of congress calling on defense secretary mattis to reverse this policy change.… 
i will continue to defend a woman’s right to choose and fight to protect her access to health care.  #committoroe
do you receive my newsletter via email? click here to subscribe: 
my july newsletter is now on my website: you can read about some of the work that i have done this month on behalf… 
i joined veterans for a 'vet into your sanctuary' sail on a  research vessel in mbnms. it is great to be able… 
now through august : make your voices heard on the addition of a citizenship question in the  census. adding a… 
today marks  years since medicare and medicaid were signed into law, delivering essential health care and economi… 
do you receive my newsletter? sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of #ca 
the #centralcoast is home to a large veteran population &amp; a thriving agriculture industry. i cosponsored the vet--… 
 : and icymi: in   subscribers can read the text of the “no #nato withdrawal” bills introduced to…
do you receive my newsletter? sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of #ca 
 : visitors to pinnacles national park must take precautions as the area is under a heat advisory and in extreme danger for fires…
i have introduced the #nonatowithdrawal act, h.r. , to reassert congressional support for the north atlantic tr… 
read about my bill, the #nonatowithdrawal act, here: 
the nato alliance is a pillar of international peace, stability, &amp; security, and serves as a deterrent against aggr… 
we must promote our shared values of freedom, equality, &amp; empowerment by continuing to invest in the institutions,… 
i have introduced the #nonatowithdrawal act, h.r. , to reassert congressional support for the north atlantic tr… 
i am committed to defending a woman’s right make her own health care choices. #committoroe
the #centralcoast is home to a large veteran population &amp; a thriving ag industry. i cosponsored the vet--farm act… 
one year ago today,  tweeted a shameful and prejudiced ban on our transgender troops. i continue to… 
the full list of goals and proposals in #breakthegridlock can be found here: 
these simple changes will allow for more debate &amp; votes, leading to more bipartisan bills &amp; amendments to come to t… 
my constituents continue to express their frustration with the gridlock that they see in washington. the current ho… 
today, i along with my fellow members of the bipartisan house problem solvers caucus introduced a package of change… 
as the representative of the salad bowl of the world, from the state that leads the nation in agricultural exports,… 
as president trump threatens billions of dollars in more trade tariffs, the u.s. agriculture industry is caught in… 
do you receive my newsletter? sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of #ca 
the immigrant witness and victim protection act promotes victims’ safety and encourages their continued participati… 
reporting crime should not result in detention or deportation. non-citizens &amp; witnesses daring to come forward to s… 
written by my friend and republican colleague, will hurd.  hopefully more from across the aisle will also step up a… 
do you receive my newsletter? sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of #ca 
i spoke on the floor to recognize the opening of #hwy  not only because they were ahead of schedule, but because i… 
as the co-founder and co-chair of the house agriculture research caucus, i will continue to push for more federal i… 
we cannot accept any president who is going to sell out our intelligence agencies in order to suck up to a leader w… 
today, #hwy reopens south of big sur,  months ahead of schedule and  months after the area's largest recorded l…   : ralph talks to democratic congressman  about what issues the dems have to run on to take over the house https://t…
 : incredible turnout tonight at an interfaith and solidarity gathering at  to mourn the innocent lives we lost…
 : it was a pleasure having      at our #frederick, md site…
 :  as a long-time supporter of increasing transparency and improving rider experience, i believe metro’s propo…
 : wmata’s efforts to increase ridership, including implementing ideas  and i proposed in our bill such as flat…
delighted to join  and lots of political leaders coming to celebrate the thermo-fisher scientific ex… 
anti-semitic terrorist in pittsburgh was obsessed with hebrew immigrant aid society, whose offices are in my distri… 
the worst anti-semitic attack in the history of the united states marks another outbreak of fanatical violence with… 
devastating massacre at pittsburgh synagogue is breaking america’s heart. we pray for the victims and for our count… 
 : brazilian presidential candidate jair bolsonaro has run a campaign marked by hate speech, misinformation, &amp; praise for the…
check out this great publication, “a citizen's field guide to gun violence in america,” developed by some seriously… 
so happy to join bethesda-chevy chase journalism students yesterday at their powerful event exploring the state of… 
 : ensuring that riders have a platform to share their experiences with metro is critical to increasing transparency and…
 : this is clearly a petty attempt to limit first amendment rights &amp; demonstration activity that trump doesn’t like.   so we'…
 : the trump administration recently proposed changes to how people can protest &amp; assemble on the national mall.  these chang…
 : rm  and + democrats are pushing blm to rescind a rule that’s limiting public input on #publiclands energy dev…
the application period for spring internships in my dc and district offices closes on november th! apply here: 
 : countdown until #openenrollment:  days! mark your calendar for nov.  to #getcovered. 
excellent review of allan lichtman’s vivid and important new book. the right to vote is under attack again—same as… 
mr. president, you can’t pretend to be a “law-and-order” president when you chortle about a criminal assault and ch… 
 : yesterday  provided a legislative update to nearly  fda employees,. we're prepared to fight for fair pay, adequa…
 : . at  groundbreaking in : "we're not just breaking ground; we're making history! …
thank you, crown prince. now we know what mbs stands for: murder by the saudis.
 : 🚨new:  &amp;  demand president trump disclose payments from the saudi royal family and governmen…
the crown prince (mohammed bin salman) and clown prince (jared kushner) have convinced the king of corruption and e… 
no one should be surprised that trump is praising assault of journalists when he is excusing the murder and dismemb… 
 : thank you to  and  of our colleagues who joined us in calling on  to abandon his proposal to dis…
 : new: today, more than  lawmakers joined me in urging president trump to enforce strong sanctions on those responsibl…
great discussion about civic engagement, college affordability, climate change and more at today’s northwood studen… 
thanks to nteu chapter  and nteu president tony reardon for a lively conversation at fda hq about defending fede… 
 : “...when things are hopeless you’re the hope” thank you ⁦⁩ for speaking and taking questions from the gladiato…
hey marylanders, let’s root for erik agard,  montgomery blair high school graduate, on  tomorrow night! 
 :  speaking re: ending gender-based violence at  briefing for #wwv, says doing so will determine our succe…
honored to receive a perfect  on the #hrcscorecard on my commitment to protecting and advancing the rights of lg… 
the gop didn’t drain the swamp—they moved into the swamp and drained the treasury instead. and how do they propose… 
 :   was on campus today, celebrating hispanic heritage month with  students. our students shared t…
 : special thanks to  for meeting with  students to celebrate hispanic heritage month &amp; to discu…
 : significant increase in funding to #umd research priorities and student financial aid programs thanks to md delegation…
 : . accepting our #trumpeter award on behalf of . since taking office, she's been a fierce advocat…
 : happening now:  is speaking to nearly  students at  regarding justice, humanity and human…
reminder: the deadline to submit your application for the congressional app challenge is tomorrow (/)! details… 
feeling proud to receive a % rating in the  congressional voting record for the th congress. w… 
in honor of hispanic heritage month, i was delighted to recognize a group of stellar latino high school students fr… 
pleased to welcome the #tpsjourneyjustice caravan to maryland yesterday. we had a great meeting in my rockville of… 
attention all #md middle and high school students: the deadline to submit your application for the congressional… 
the #expandsocialsecurity caucus fights for social security beneficiaries and a stronger cola to help seniors meet… 
saudi despots knew they could get away with murdering and dismembering khashoggi because they got away with killing… 
 : joined  in sending a letter today urging president trump to raise 's disappearance with the governme…
my district office will be hosting mobile office hours tomorrow (/) from am-noon at the westminster branch li… 
the deadline for  is one week from today! encourage all #md middle and high school students to pa… 
 : sen. joseph tydings is being remembered as “an unapologetic liberal who always stood for the common good” (). “…
this afternoon the world lost the great joe tydings, a brilliant senator and an unapologetic liberal who always sto… 
the vanishing of jamal khashoggi at the saudi consulate in instanbul is a shocking offense against press freedom &amp;h… 
congrats to , moral visionary and  macarthur award-winner! the committee had a hard time reaching h… 
 : i led a letter encouraging  to encourage free and fair elections in cameroon. we cannot step back from our d…
when senator klobuchar asked him whether he had ever blacked out from drinking, kavanaugh said, “i don’t know. have… 
dr. ford testified not just as a citizen and professor, but as a daughter, wife and mom, yet she did not hypothesiz… 
kavanagh explains his sputtering, unhinged diatribe before the senate by saying “i was there as a son, husband and… 
mcconnell’s outrageously deceptive, self-pitying and evasive statement on kavanaugh is scandalous given his utterly… 
so proud of frederick county executive  and her consistent delivery of excellent results for the peo… 
justice stevens makes history as the first former sct justice ever to speak out against a sct nominee. but for mcco… 
 : here's the c-span video of john paul stevens on kavanaugh: "i've changed my views for reasons that have no relationship t…
lifelong republican and retired justice john paul stevens states the obvious. kavanaugh’s dismal, mendacious and vo… 
 : we are speaking up.    members of our caucus are sending a letter to the epa today demanding they rescind the #dirty…
 : well said . -- this guy is setting world records for his height of hypocrisy. and by the way, did anyone who…
when it came to the central park five, trump not only believed in “guilty until proven innocent” but “guilty after… 
 : nina weisbroth of  office presents pete raynor with a citation recognizing his  doppelt family rail-trai…
my office will be hosting mobile office hours tomorrow (/) from - p.m. at the silver spring civic building (ad… 
jane mayer is reporting that the fbi is not responding to overtures from numerous material fact witnesses who were… 
shocking violations of free speech and equal rights for women by egyptian government in its campaign to stifle disc… 
reminder: applications for u.s. military academy nominations are due to my office today (oct. ) by  p.m. details: 
 : on #afterwords:  african american studies chair  provides a history of voter suppression. she's i…
 : right now on #afterwords:  african american studies chair  provides a history of voter suppressio…
huge breakthrough under our lawsuit to stop continuing collection of unlawful foreign gov’t payments by the preside… 
 : women of  standing w/ dr. ford. her allegations are credible &amp; deserve to be investigated. it's not just about who sh…
i linked arms w/ colleagues on the house judiciary committee &amp;  to march to the senate to tell the ba… 
alexandra petri () says it all. 
 : we see maryland's  in this group. good. 
 : proud to march with my colleagues to the senate to protest the senate judiciary committee’s planned vote on judge kavanau…
 : with my colleagues, i'm at the senate judiciary committee to say that we cannot move forward on this supreme court confi…
onward to dirksen. today we march tomorrow we vote. watch the livestream: 
with  on the senate steps to say #delaythevote. 
gorsuch has the same right wing politics as kavanaugh &amp; also went to georgetown prep. where was the left-wing “cons… 
the gop and federalist society want to install kavanaugh on the sct for the next  or  years. they can wait one… 
 : #teampolitician looks ready to spell!     #npcbee  https://t…
 : #npcbee kicks off w/ introducing congress competitors     htt…
 : you can feel the excitement! we are about to get started with thepress vs. politicians spelling bee! on #teampress- …
 : it is about to go down! who will prevail in this year's  press vs. politicians spelling bee? #teampress- …
 : tonight is the press vs. politicians spelling bee! on #teampress-    …
 : yesterday, i had a valuable and productive meeting with a key group of members from the house. pleased to discuss critical is…
 : this weekend on #afterwords  african american studies chair carol anderson  provides a history of…
 : . explains importance of #snapmatters  ppl w low incomes &amp; low wages 🍴🚜 #raisethewage #protectsnap ⁦⁩ ⁦…
 : great visit with  discussing discussing support for mcps students, staff &amp; families. #poy #principalsadvoc…
 : take a moment on this #nationalvoterregistrationday to ensure that your voice is heard! find more information here on h…
 : icymi:  talks with  about how the #fairrepact would be a fix for gerrymandering on  …
 : thank you  for visiting  yesterday. we appreciate all you do for maryland. #leadership #qualitycare…
wonderful visit at hebrew home of greater washington with health facilities association of maryland. 
mcconnell promises religious “conservatives” kavanaugh goes on the court come hell or high water, telling america e… 
sending strength and hopes for a fast recovery to speaker michael busch, a man filled with integrity and public spi… 
 :    .: "we need to make sure that the people who are accessing firearms in america.…
 : live: it's the politics hour. today we're live with  and . if you have questions or comments for either…
tune in to catch me on ! listen:  
 : cutting the ribbon to officially open the new joan and john o’rourke greenhouse at brookside gardens.   …
 : celebrating the opening of the new greenhouse at brookside gardens with joan o’rourke, donor who made the building pos…
 : thank you ⁦⁩ for a great conversation with bullis students today. 
 : our hearts break for the victims of today’s shooting in aberdeen, md. the daily scourge of gun violence is tearing apart f…
 : thank you to the ten members of the bipartisan house #refugeecaucus who wrote to  about his administration'…
closely monitoring the situation and wishing safety for all involved. our hearts are with the victims and injured. 
 : a year ago #hurricanemaria struck #puertorico with devastating fury.  we must do more to help our fellow americans reco…
another grave environmental crime by trump’s industry sycophants and climate change deniers. keep your industrial m… 
wishing a meaningful fast for all observing yom kippur. g'mar chatimah tovah!
 : . speaking at the celebration for the th anniversary of the laying of the cornerstone of the capitol …
 : thanks  for stopping by to speak at the th anniversary of the laying of the cornerstone of the ! h…
 : in today’s edition of #wastedresources we’re exposing how republicans failed #puertorico following hurricane maria.  &amp; read h…
. must #postponethevote on brett #kavanaugh and conduct a thorough investigation of dr. christine blas… 
million thanks for welcoming me ! proud to have such a public-spirited business in the th district. 
what a dismal degrading of our values. tom paine said america would be an “asylum for humanity” (not an insane asyl… 
 : thank you  for joining us last thursday and for being a champion for medical research! 
i’m proud to support our local museums for 's #museumday this saturday on /. participating museum… 
there aren’t too many conspirators left who haven’t made a deal.  the big question is whether trump flips on putin… 
 : news: , ,  &amp; i are leading   calling on attorney general sessions…
“with catastrophic weather all around us, we are continuing to make the problem worse.” dante said there is a speci… 
icymi: i spoke today against the continuing debacle of marijuana prohibition and for expanding federal research int… 
the  lifeline program helped  million americans last year alone. affordable wireless service, especially for… 
 : "what we have is a constitution that enforces discrimination; everybody doesn't have the right to vote" - #cbcfalc…
 : thank you to  ,  ,   and rep  for using your voices a…
republicans are fighting to make the tax giveaways for the rich in the #goptaxscam permanent. that’s tens of billio… 
 :  has now joined us! he just left from voting on a bill. #cbcfalc #dcstatehood
thrilled the house judiciary committee just accepted my amendment to h.r. , which will add  badly needed new… 
 : the ayes have it! bill reported out of  ✅ same-day audio in #scotus in  yr ✅ live audio in #scotus in  yr…
 : now  is on board with the  amendment for the bill to take effect //, urging a "yes" vote on…
 : we're back!  offers a slightly altered amendment, whereby bill would take effect // (earlier amendment was…
 : . has an amendment that would make the effective date january , , says that he's asking for that bc chief…
 : happening now:  markup on a bill that includes several fix the court "fixes" 
 : at  today ,  and  will join  for a forum on #dcstatehood at the  annual…
 : check out one of our   at the annual legislative conference #dcstatehood forum with  …
 : thank you  for helping to #keepnihstrong 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. https…
 : congratulations to my congressman, , honored today at #rallyformedres for championing funding for . thanks…
 : congrats to  &amp; , our partner in working towards #healthequity! #leadership #womeningh 
keeping all our brave and dedicated moco rescue workers in our thoughts as they deploy to sc to help with… 
proud to be a founding member of the #expandsocialsecurity caucus. we’re working hard to expand on this enormously… 
 : the president is now seeking to evade blame for the thousands of americans who died during and after hurricane maria by pu…
 : always good to see the congressman from  speak about the importance of research funding.   https…
 : thank you . for kicking off the #rallymedres today! grateful to have your support for  funding. #fundnih htt…
 : “we got together across party lines, across regions...and we’ve increased the nih budget.” thank you, , for c…
 : .: through my own cancer journey i know the importance of medical research and the importance of pre-existing co…
 : great morning talk  on the importance of biomedical research. #mdproud 
 : thank you, , for speaking to #rallymedres participants this morning, for sharing your story, and for understanding t…
 : “i think we need to look at medical research as a question of national security. a question of the security of our people.”…
 : .: last year, my first year in the house, we worked across party lines and we increased the nih budget by  bill…
 :   who represents the  is kicking off the the  today. 
 : . fires up the crowd on #fundingnih at the  #rallymedres. we're thrilled our md- members are in…
 : excited to listen to ’s strong support for  and medical and scientific research #rallymedres #fundnih https:/…
this is a sensational and brilliant appointment.  is a creative force of nature and she will make … 
great piece on the grand reopening of the u.s. chess center in maryland and a recap of my re-match with … 
 : "our people believe their government is rigged against them," hoyer aims to restore americans' trust if dems win house majori…
 : frederick county government is ready to respond to flooding. citizens also need to be ready. have a plan and supplies.…
 : yes.  the latest  update does show florence potentially steering away from maryland, but flooding is still a conce…
 : make sure you have multiple ways to receive timely emergency alerts. download the fema app for alerts from  https://t.…
after ballooning the deficit to the size of a mega-blimp, the gop wants to freeze their obscene giveaway to the sup… 
interested students and parents are invited to attend my u.s. service academy information night on monday, sept. … 
 : let’s also strengthen the , as a bill introduced by  would do, in order to prevent &amp; resolve confl…
#netneutrality gives us the ground rules we need for a fair economy. 
the shock and horror of / never dissipate and we miss sharply the thousands of people we lost. we stand strong a… 
 : trump’s attack on america’s workforce and his decision to halt #payincreases for federal employees is wrong. proud to stan…
 : standing shoulder-to-shoulder with my colleagues. we must block 's attacks on federal workers. our public servants s…
 : after blowing up the deficit by giving a handout to the wealthy at the expense of the middle class,  is n…
 : federal workers are engineers, researchers, regulators and law enforcement officials that keep our country running saf…
 : “it is plainly wrong to tell millions of our fellow americans that we can afford lavish tax breaks for the wealthiest ame…
shanah tovah! wishing a happy and healthy new year to all my friends celebrating rosh hashanah.
 : congressman : on climate crisis, i don't aspire to be in the political center on this issue. we need to be in the mor…
 : thank you  for speaking to moco #riseforclimate! 
 : leleck counselor, mr. moreno, and leleck families were excited to visit the opening of  with  #…
 : today, i joined  and + of my colleagues to condemn president trump’s efforts to undercut our hard-working ci…
 :  house members have joined  in proposing to give meaning to the th amendment as a tool for addressing pr…
 : describing trump’s behavior as “completely bizarre and deranged,” house d  says he is picking up support for legis…
cannot wait to welcome freedom-and-chess champ  to the free state and maryland’s th as we open the bran… 
 : i joined  &amp;  to condemn president trump's decision to halt a pay increase for the hard-working feder…
 : proud to join  and my colleagues on this important issue. our hard-working civil servants deserve this pay raise.…
 : proud to stand with  &amp;   to support federal workers. if the #goptaxscam can give $.t+ in…
 : proud to join you . 
proud to lead   in urging congressional leadership to oppose trump's effort to rescind a modest … 
 : members of congress have released a letter detailing how a justice kavanaugh would dismantle the wall of separation betw…
 : watch how  are fighting #forthepeople. -lower health care costs -increased pay -clean up corruption https://t…
 : the president's "deranged" behavior has spurred a "surge" of interest in a bill to create a panel that could remove him from…
 : hey,  marylanders overwhelmingly reject your politics of hate.   i’m proud to stand up for maryland values…
 :    for a comprehensive guide to the th amendment—including how very constrained and limite…
 : on the latest skullduggery,  cites “evidence that there is a very serious problem of [trump’s] capacity to success…
 : new skullduggery: the president's "deranged" behavior has spurred a "surge" of interest in bill to create a panel that could r…
 : i had a great day today at meetings with , , ,  and . i…
 : one more time for ron dellums on the house floor ... via  
 : great to have an opportunity to address the crowd of  supporters and other activists who have gathered to oppose…
. are discussing #whatsatstake with kavanaugh. tune into the livestream—. 
#whatsatstake with kavanaugh — tune in with ! 
. invited me on his show to discuss my legislation under the #thamendment. i told him it provides a p… 
 : incredible op-ed from inside the trump administration says officials have considered invoking the th amendment to remove…
 : thank goodness there's a legal/constitutional scholar who's able to objectively explain the requirements of implementin…
 : so much respect for   #inners #thamendment
tune in soon to catch me during the pm hour!  president trump does not have the power to unilaterally defy our constitution to take away citizenship from people… 
this horrific mass shooting at the tree of life congregation in pittsburgh is devastating - a cowardly and hateful… 
i’ve been proud to call nevada home for nearly  years. this nevada day, let’s remember what makes our state so sp… 
i stand with my fellow nevadans in opposing turning our state into the nation's nuclear dumping ground. president t… 
i'm proud to receive a perfect score from  for my support of lgbtq equality legislation in congress. i'll conti… 
while i’m encouraged to see the president is finally willing to change course on yucca mountain, we must continue t… 
this morning, i toured  and discussed my bipartisan cyber ready workforce act, which would establish a… 
i support 's announcement requiring pharmaceutical companies to include price information in their televisio… 
i’m proud to have helped introduce the korean war combat veterans congressional gold medal act. this bill would hon… 
📣attention #nv students! today is the last day to submit your application for the  congressional app challeng… 
i spent time at the las vegas india chamber of commerce’s gala this evening and discussed my bipartisan work to hel… 
tonight’s lebanese american festival was a beautiful cultural celebration. our community’s strength comes from our… 
service to our great nation should be recognized without exception. that’s why i signed on to the filipino veterans… 
at today’s filipino veterans gold medal ceremony, i thanked filipino world war ii veterans and their families for t… 
presented esra aydogdu, salomee levy, sonakshi dixit, &amp; akshatha narasimhan -  students from  and… 
education is key to building strong, diverse communities. edith fernandez, ph.d. does incredible work as associate… 
. hosted a moving memorial to remember the lives that have been lost because of domestic violence. i’m commit… 
after repeated attempts to repeal the aca, this administration is now going to make it even harder to sign up for c… 
i met with ’s new superintendent,  and discussed ways we can improve education for neva… 
happy filipino american history month! i am proud to represent southern nevada’s thriving filipino community. as we… 
this just in:  million americans, including over , in #nv, will get a .% increase in their monthly… 
mental illness affects  in  americans. this mental illness awareness week, let’s remember to #bethere for those i… 
survivors of domestic violence often do not receive the justice they deserve - even in our armed services. as a res… 
on this th anniversary of national coming out day, let's uplift the brave members of the #lgbtq community that ha… 
after all they've sacrificed, too many veterans struggle to receive timely access to health care. i’m proud to see… 
the trump admin is turning its back on millions by failing to defend a key component of the aca that guarantees cov… 
october is national cyber security awareness month. the demand for talent in cybersecurity is sky-high &amp; we’re putt… 
as we celebrate the establishment of the , i’m grateful to all our brave men and women who defend our… 
the rising costs of prescription drugs are hurting nevada families &amp; putting many life-saving medications out of re… 
. is director of gov’t &amp; public affairs . he’s a proven community leader &amp; works to… 
our children deserve an educational experience that will prepare them to excel in the st century. my stem educati… 
future generations shouldn’t have to suffer because of this administration choosing to deny science.
one year ago, the trump administration compromised our nation’s health &amp; our environment by repealing the clean pow… 
the #metoo movement has helped shed light on the once-invisible struggles of countless women. my bipartisan legisla… 
need assistance resolving an issue with a federal agency? today, my staff will be at the downtown henderson senior… 
proud to see  introduce companion legislation to our bill with  to continue the electric… 
our servicemembers gain invaluable skills during their service to our nation. my bipartisan legislation would help… 
today marks  years since the beginning of operation enduring freedom. i’m grateful to all of our servicemembers s… 
stay up to date on how i am working for nevada by signing up for my e-newsletter &gt;&gt;  
#nv students! you still have a little over a week to submit your application for the  congressional app chall… 
according to , breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among women. we must do more to raise… 
manufacturing is a vital part of our economy, employing nearly . million workers and generating over half of u.s… 
congratulations to john &amp; judy goolsby elementary school for being named a   school! thank you f… 
chinese culture and innovation were showcased at this year's panama pacific universal exposition. i am proud to rep… 
october is crime prevention month - a time to celebrate safe communities. thank you to  in #nv for… 
today, i’m highlighting dr. eduardo robleto. after immigrating from nicaragua, he received his ph.d. in microbiolog… 
tps recipients have contributed so much to nevada’s communities and our economy. this is positive news, but it does… 
 : thank you  for coming to visit our campus! we are proud to be a part of nevada’s rd congressional district.…
last week, two bipartisan bills i co-sponsored passed the house. i’m hopeful these bills will help increase consume… 
my visit with patients and health care workers at  underscores again how important the fight for qualit… 
i spent time at the healing garden yesterday evening. i’m forever grateful to our first responders, medical profess… 
at today’s  prayer vigil, i paid my respects to all the #october victims and fallen #lvmpd officers… 
 : honoring the emergency responders who selflessly saved lives on october ,  ❤️ #vegasstrong 
 : “we will never forget the selfless and heroic acts by men and women who risked and gave their lives for others that nigh…
our community came together to honor the memory of those who lost their lives on #october at this morning’s sunris… 
i spoke on the house floor to honor the memory of the  innocent souls who were taken on #october. as we continue… 
when we invest in our children's education, we invest in our future. i met with the nv state education association… 
 : a day to reunite, remember and show love and support for each other. some , people, including , #october surviv…
 : we appreciate you so much congresswoman  for being at our th annual college readiness boot camp and helping spre…
on gold star mother’s day, we honor the mothers whose sons and daughters made the ultimate sacrifice while defendin… 
i joined  at their th annual college readiness bootcamp today to talk about my efforts to make college more… 
this #worldheartday, remember that good heart health matters. learn more about how you can be heart healthy here: 
today is nevada public lands day! protecting our public lands is critical to ensuring we conserve nevada’s beauty a… 
happy founders day, #vfw!  thank you for all you do to help improve the lives of our former servicemembers.
happy to welcome the new workforce connections one-stop career center to #nv! to learn more about the many resour… 
it’s unconscionable that so many nevada veterans struggle with homelessness. the provisions i've introduced that pa… 
👋#nv! stay up to date on how i am working for nevada by signing up for my e-newsletter! &gt;&gt;  
at this year’s inaugural hearts for charitea event the las vegas children’s heart foundation celebrated las vegas’… 
the latest attempt by the trump admin to allow insurance companies to sell junk health insurance plans is a scam. t… 
i’ve helped pass  pieces of legislation through the house. i’ll continue to listen to my constituents and work ac… 
the house passed two bills i co-sponsored to lower the price of life-saving prescription drugs this week.  i’ll con… 
attention #nv students! you still have time to submit your application for the  congressional app challenge.… 
congratulations to  on the opening of their new school in summerlin! #nv 
nevada’s #tps recipients make invaluable contributions to our economy each day. i was honored to invite nery martin… 
the latest attempt by the trump admin to allow insurance companies to sell junk health insurance plans is a scam. t… 
wonderful celebration at yesterday’s mid-autumn moon festival by the chinese american citizens alliance! 
. brought community advocates, allies, and survivors together to discuss how we move beyond the #metoo movem… 
i voted to help pass a bipartisan -year #faareauthorization which includes several provisions to improve safety fo… 
more than   technology and business organizations were represented at today’s strategic analytics summit, women'… 
dr. jennifer edmonds, ph.d. is the director of the environmental &amp; resource science program at . she fo… 
legislation i co-sponsored last year to impose sanctions on hezbollah is heading to the president’s desk for signat… 
the trump admin has declined to defend the #aca in court - including a key provision that prevents insurance compan… 
the #lwcf is one of the most successful conservation programs and it could expire if congress doesn’t act this week… 
this study confirms what we already know: the medicaid expansion helped provide coverage to nevada’s working famili… 
after fighting and surviving cancer, jennifer made it her priority to protect access to health care for nevada fami… 
 : a proposed federal grant program will be modeled after nevada’s in-state #cybersecurity apprenticeship program. …
, latinas die every year as a result of heart disease yet only  in  report that their physician discussed th… 
every year, nevada loses hundreds to suicide. if you know someone in crisis or are in crisis yourself, call --… 
i sent a letter to house appropriators urging them to increase funding for , which has been pivotal i… 
nevada’s own  made history in  when she became the first and only latina serving in the u.s. sen… 
every day, millions of families are affected by alzheimer’s. by raising awareness and investing in research, we can… 
the ’s move to repeal #netneutrality could force nevadans to pay more for slower internet. we need to restore these rules.
as we come together to celebrate #hispanicheritagemonth, we are reminded of our country’s immigrant story and the m… 
this week, i joined my colleagues in requesting that a thorough investigation be completed of dr. ford’s allegation… 
amazed by hailey dawson and her incredible “journey to !” hailey has thrown the first pitch at every major league… 
congrats to the new officers &amp; members of the las vegas vietnamese-american lions club! your hard work and dedicati… 
on this national pow/mia recognition day, we remember the sacrifices of servicemembers who are missing in action, i… 
👋#nv students! only a few weeks left to submit your application for the  congressional app challenge! follow… 
welcome to #nv ! 
proud to help introduce this year’s #hispanicheritagemonth house resolution to celebrate the immense contributions,… 
. works tirelessly to bring together community partners in helping to provide the homeless with vital reso… 
i applaud  and  on their new partnership to help increase access to higher education for more t… 
 : new pictures from nevada task force  as they continue to work in #northcaroliina in areas ravaged by #florence. one pic…
need assistance resolving an issue with a federal agency? today, my staff will be at the heritage park senior facil… 
wishing those who are celebrating a peaceful #yomkippur and a day of meaningful reflection. g'mar chatimah tovah.
my district staff participated in the nevada state health insurance assistance program for a medicare training. the… 
the demand for talent in cybersecurity is sky-high, and we need to address this shortage in our workforce. my new b… 
today, we celebrate the st anniversary of the ! i’m so grateful to our servicemembers and their famili… 
at mac night out, the  honored southern nevada servicemembers and local businesses that go above and beyo… 
sending a warm welcome to our newest u.s. citizens participating in last week's naturalization ceremonies. our dive… 
it’s imperative that congress take an active role in ensuring that the u.s. remains technologically competitive on… 
last week, i launched the bipartisan palliative care task force with my friend . our task force will he… 
this week marks the beginning of a month-long celebration of hispanic heritage and culture. during hispanic heritag… 
 : thank you, , for inviting c-tac to join in launching this bipartisan palliative care task force! …
 : nhpco’s vice president of palliative &amp; advanced care lori bishop moderating the congressional palliative care task force st…
had a great time celebrating with  and the hawaiian community at this year's pacific islands festival and ho'… 
👋#nv students! time is running out for you to submit your app ideas for the  congressional app challenge! fol… 
i’m happy to see that the tech industry is doing their part to highlight #womeninstem and give girls role models to… 
september is national suicide prevention month. let’s learn to #bethere for those who need our help. 
stay up to date on how i am working for nevada by signing up for my e-newsletter &gt;&gt;  
secretary perry’s plans to send weapons-grade plutonium to nevada is reckless and poses a serious threat to the hea… 
happy to welcome lacuna to #nv 
 : rosen introduces bill to promote cybersecurity workforce  
this week  launched a partnership with  in a statewide campaign to help , families… 
it’s been nearly  year since hurricanes devastated #puertorico &amp; the #usvi. thousands of american lives were lost… 
there's so much demand for talent in cybersecurity, and we put our country at risk by not addressing the severe sho… 
i was glad to help pass bipartisan legislation in the house to authorize security assistance to israel. this bill w… 
i’m proud to launch the new bipartisan palliative care task force with . together, we’re helping raise… 
the changes secretary devos wants to make to title ix is insulting to victims of sexual harassment. in light of the… 
today is the th anniv. of the violence against women act being signed into law &amp; it has proven essential to assis… 
my staff was proud to attend the nellis/creech military veterans &amp; first responders appreciation day at craig ranch… 
. is an immigrant, emergency physician, public health advocate, and former planned parenthood patient. s… 
proud to help pass legislation to fill the vacant  position of special envoy to monitor and combat anti-s… 
it should come as no surprise that ag sessions is leading the charge on spreading misinformation about marijuana le… 
dr. mae carol jemison is a remarkable woman. on this day in , she became the first african-american woman to tr… 
es completamente inaceptable e inconcebible que la administración quiera retirar el acuerdo de arreglo de flores y… 
it is completely unacceptable and unconscionable that the administration wants to change the flores settlement and… 
the skyrocketing cost of medication is hurting our families. over the august recess, i met with cancer survivors to… 
the u.s. maternal mortality rate is among the highest of developed nations around the world. it’s time for congress… 
honored to receive this year’s champion for healthy seniors award. i remain dedicated to protecting medicare for ne… 
attention #nv residents: stop by the downtown henderson senior center today from :am-:pm to learn about t… 
at today’s / tribute, i joined  to honor and remember the brave first responders who lost their lives… 
 years after /, we remember those who lost their lives that tragic day. let us always honor their memory. 
l’shana tovah! wishing everyone a new year full of peace and good health. 
celebrating with friends at the festival de la independencia centroamericana this weekend. our immigrant story is p… 
following #october, people from around the world sent condolence notes &amp; art pieces to our community. these are on… 
my district staff was excited to attend yesterday’s public art unveiling in downtown las vegas to celebrate the com… 
ha pasado  año desde que trump anunció el final de #daca. no podemos renunciar a los miles de jóvenes cuyo futuro… 
need assistance resolving an issue with a federal agency or cutting through red tape? my staff will be at the deser… 
my resolution will fight this lawsuit to ensure those living with pre-existing conditions remain covered by the lif… 
the trump administration and republicans have turned their backs on millions of americans with pre-existing conditi… 
attention #nv constituents: my district staff will be available tomorrow from am-pm at the desert vista commun… 
a year has passed since trump announced the end of #daca. we can’t give up on the thousands of young people whose f… 
on #laborday we celebrate the many contributions workers across our country have made to our economy and communitie… 
a federal judge in texas has rejected trump’s arbitrary daca deadline. while this is welcome news for now, it's sti… 
dr.  is a dummies technology author who serves as the director of curriculum innovations at the adelso… 
i’m continuing to support the discharge petition to restore #netneutrality. it's time for my colleagues in congress… 
it’s been more than a month since the trump admin failed to meet a court-ordered deadline to reunite children with… 
today, we thank the u.s. marine corps reserve for  years of service to our country. i’m grateful for all you do… 
 years ago today, courageous men and women from across our country came to washington to march for equality &amp; civ… 
my staff is available today from am-pm pst at the spirit mountain activity center in laughlin to assist constitu… 
thank you  for inviting my staff to attend the annual college back to school breakfast to welcome faculty, sta… 
i encourage #nv residents to join my district staff tomorrow at the laughlin spirit mountain activity center from… 
my district staff had the pleasure of attending this year’s annual making strides against breast cancer kick off br… 
congratulations to  on the opening of their eastgate campus. coral academy has provided quality stem… 
 : thank you, congresswoman  for being a champion for children in our state and across the country! …
on #womensequalityday, we recognize the trailblazers who helped women gain our right to vote. over the years we’ve… 
heartbroken to hear about the tragic loss of life in jacksonville from another mass shooting. communities across ou… 
tonight, we mourn the loss of a true patriot and public servant. senator mccain will be remembered as a hero who sa… 
i’m celebrating the ’s nd birthday by reaffirming my commitment to protect and preserve our nati… 
keeping  and his family in my thoughts during this difficult time. we will always be grateful for you… 
 : most vocal members of congress on #startups #startupweek 
 : thank you  for voting the right way on snap. we urge you to stay strong and not let older nevadans go hungry. #pr…
when the trump administration stripped legal status for thousands of tps holders, it left countless families worrie… 
for nearly  years, the land and water conservation fund has helped conserve hundreds of thousands of acres of lan… 
we need real solutions to gun violence - not reckless proposals that bring more guns onto school grounds. this prop… 
 : thank you  for your work to improve the lives of children. —&gt;  rep. jacky rosen of nevada honored with #ch…
my staff met with  today to discuss continued efforts to improve the lives of nevada’s senior citizen c… 
my staff was excited to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the treehouse project at the downtown las vegas arts… 
i sent a letter to the va secretary expressing serious concerns over a report that found disabled veterans were unn… 
 : las vegas locals support our #publiclands! read this heartfelt "thank you" to , , and …
as we commemorate the anniversary of the vow to hire heroes act, i’m working to pass bipartisan legislation that wi… 
are you a student from #nv? learn more about internship opportunities in my washington and las vegas offices. &gt;&gt; 
today the american bar association celebrates  years of service. the #aba is one of the world’s largest voluntar… 
i oppose this reckless move gutting efforts to build a clean energy economy. this administration is once again plac… 
the equal education opportunity act guarantees access to education free from bias and discrimination. as we celebra… 
 : thank you  for highlighting ’s support for your capping prescription cost act, which limited pat…
 : la voz is excited to announce that the hnba has awarded us the “law student organization of the year” award!! thank you…
today we recognize the anniversary of the economic opportunity act of , monumental legislation aimed at address… 
i led a group of  house armed services committee members today in sending a letter to the consumer financial prot… 
need help with a federal agency? my district staff in las vegas can help you. learn about the constituent services… 
i stopped by the senior center of boulder city during lunch yesterday &amp; visited with local volunteers &amp; seniors to… 
it’s been over a month since the  repealed #netneutrality. nevada’s small businesses and hardworking families s… 
i joined meals on wheels today to deliver meals to seniors in boulder city. this program is an invaluable resource,… 
want to stay up to date on how i'm fighting for #nv? sign up for my newsletter by following this link&gt;&gt;… 
#daca has allowed hundreds of thousands of young immigrants to get jobs, pursue higher education, and strengthen ou… 
i met with city of henderson police chief watson this morning. thank you for your commitment to protect and serve s… 
to prepare americans to compete in the st century economy, i’ve introduced creating tech startup jobs act. throug… 
this is unacceptable. as a member of the house armed services committee, i will fight against this administration’s… 
as we celebrate the rd anniversary of #socialsecurity act, we are thankful for the security and stability it has…  trump tries to trample on  yrs of american rights under #thamendment with proposed anti-birthright citizenship… 
 : congratulations  on your % score in our congressional voting record for the th congress! thank you…
congrats to chief orlando rolon for making history as orlando’s first puerto rican police chief! mucho orgullo jefe… 
today we mourn those lost and injured at #treeoflifesynagogue at #squirrelhill, condemn this horrifying act of anti… 
today we have our interviews for us service academies. thanks to our military advisory board for their service and… 
 : at the pink ribbon breakfast supporting breast cancer.     …
fla mail #bombsuspect seems to have been motivated by right wing conspiracies and political vitriol. hate and viole… 
 : representing  at full sail recording academy event where he received a  champion of music award. …
dear del.  our prayers go out to northern mariana islands in wake of #supertyphoonyutu &amp; we will be t… 
i have instructed our staff with law enforcement backgrounds to review our mail protocols and recommend additional safeguards.
we must respect our democracy by finding common ground, disagree without being disagreeable and recognize that we a… 
we are relieved this plot against pres. obama, sec. hillary clinton, george soros &amp; rep. wasserman schultz was foil… 
we  support a supplemental relief package to rebuild #puertorico and ensure that americans there wil… 
 : junto a  compartiendo con un grupo de estudiantes que visitaron el capitolio. 
attended grand opening of sage park assisted living &amp; memory care in osceola and haines city chamber event at merri… 
applications for military academy nominations are due today! if you have any questions, contact our lake nona offic… 
 : representing  at the latino justice reception in orlando.    …
 : representing  at the harbor house purple door luncheon.    …
 : so proud to have you representing me!! 
honored to have  in central florida to better assist our constituents! 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
honored to receive a  on ’s congressional scorecard for my support of equality and advancing lgbtq rights. n… 
 :  meeting with the frla.       …
 :  celebrates hispanic heritage month by recognizing  community leaders.    …
 : our florida state director nancy batista is an honoree for #hispanicheritagemonth! granting the award is .…
 : this week we held a community briefing in #orlando, "one year after hurricane maria: what it means for #climateaction." we…
 : our state director  is an honoree for #hispanicheritagemonth! together with her team, she accepts the awa…
 : congratulations , ljp managing attorney in our southeast office, for being honored by congressman …
⁦⁩ individual assistance is approved for #hurricanemichael in bay, franklin, gulf, taylor, and wakulla countie… 
here’s rest of declaration. 
hurricane update - fema granted major disaster declaration for florida today. now affected residents will have full… 
 : any central floridians who want to help - we've just opened  volunteer slots for friday &amp; saturday to package disaster reli…
hurricane update - hhs has approved public health emergency declaration for florida 
joined bipartisan fla delegation to seek federal declaration of state of emergency in advance of cat … 
we continue to monitor #hurricanemichael and are working with congressional offices in fla’s big bend area to do ou… 
 : thank you for joining us in elevating this critical issue in latino communities! #climatechange #yearaftermaria #takeacti…
 : thank you,  for hosting this important community briefing - one year after hurricane maria: what it means…
 :  thank you for supporting #hres anti-postal privatization! rallies nationwide tomorrow /!#notforsale 💙📬💙…
community briefing with  &amp;  on the effect of climate change and impact on our communities… 
 : thank you  for spending time with your constituents and for being a champion of the #boldalzheimersact! gr…
 : "we need to continue to expand access to #medicalcannabis." – florida champion of wellness  #empoweringw…
 : truly blessed to have not one but  alzheimer’s congressional champions speak on stage together to raise awareness for a…
 : . and  take the stage together at #walkendalz in orlando to share their stories and support in t…
 : thank you  for fighting for #florida's wildlife. celebrate his support for the recovering america's wildl…
⁦trump barred ⁩ from interviewing #drford or any corroborating witnesses. this is not an investigation. it’s a… 
 : representing  at the va hospital hispanic heritage month unveiling of the borinqueneers exhibit.  …
rip ⁦senator ⁩ and thank you for your friendship, advice and service to florida ⁦⁩ ⁦… 
 : we are pleased that topping the list of most bills introduced &amp; enacted are  hispanic members of congress, from both sides of t…
 :  at the nd pasadia familiar  in kissimmee.     …
thanks to ⁦⁩ for granting in-state tuition to puerto rican evacuee students until ! ⁦⁩ ⁦… 
 : thank you  for your help securing critical security funding to keep our community safe! #flapol #sayfie  htt…
 : thank you to ⁦⁩ soto,⁦⁩ murphy &amp; ⁦⁩ nelson. the $m would be used to enhan…
 : at the spectrum hurricane maria townhall in kissimmee.     …
this problem has existed for far too long under fla law. my wife also didn’t get paid for her masters degree in edu… 
 : thank you , , , , , , …
 : . on #kavanaughconfirmation  “i join my colleagues in calling for the senate judiciary committee to postpone…
 : : “i believe dr. christine blasey ford and stand in solidarity with all survivors. it takes tremendous coura…
i believe dr. ford. i also thank her for her tremendous courage to testify today about this deeply personal and hor… 
 : great connecting with our central florida representative  today. our  community is so grateful fo…
 : business leaders are speaking out to #savelwcf!  #lwcf helps protect #publiclands that contribute $ billion annually to the…
 : este día nacional de inscripción de votantes, #nationalvoterregistrationday, asegúrate que tu voz sea escuchada.   encuent…
 : jeanette acosta was my constituent, an intern for , a #capitolhill staffer &amp; a dedicated #womenshealth advoc…
 : "it's not partisanship that's the barrier, it's unfamiliarity," says  in closing remarks.  #cryptoc…
we are with you gov ! we support statehood for puerto rico 🇺🇸 🇵🇷 
the land &amp; water conservation fund could expire soon →  we must #savelwcf! this successful conservation program pro… 
 : right now, president trump and his republican enablers are working to erode protections for patients with pre-existing…
must read - it’s outrageous that  is trying to strip immigration judges of their #judicialindependence by im… 
time for ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ to delay vote on #judgebrettkavanaugh to hear from sexual assault victims… 
apparently us will import #medicalmarijuana from canada because ⁦ag sessions and ⁩ won’t approve us… 
 :  at the osceola community health services ribbon cutting ceremony.   …
 : representing  at the first responders event in st. cloud.     …
 : representing  at the diversity mural unveiling.      …
 : member of congress -  () thank you, , for visiting second harvest during #hungeractionmonth. we…
 : thank you, , for visiting second harvest during #hungeractionmonth. we look forward to working together to f…
a year later, we continue to stand up for puerto rico after #hurricanemaria. here it is by the numbers! 
 : i joined  other lawmakers in issuing an inquiry to   commissioner mcaleenan on #oritzmurders https…
 : representing  at the ucf launch of the puerto rican research hub.    …
 : busy morning at tohopekaliga, hosting top  juniors breakfast for    and tkhs. excited to have…
 : representing  at ucf "a year after hurricane maria."     …
wish everyone a peaceful #yomkippur and meaningful fast 
 : this third annual top  junior breakfast was a huge success for these bright scholars from tohopekaliga high, st. clo…
 :  continues to be a major champion for seniors! his dedication to health care is one to be recognized. cong…
 : despite the overwhelming popular support for the endangered species act, the trump administration is taking new action to…
we are a nation of immigrants! capping the number of refugees allowed into u.s. sends the wrong message to the rest… 
 : proud of how much  cared about seniors and health care. today he was recognized as a healthcare champion by …
inspired to meet with young people affected by type- diabetes with juvenile diabetes research foundation. honored… 
 : at the hispanic federation where a focal group of displaced puerto ricans are talking about their personal experiences in f…
 : at the ucf hispanic heritage celebration.      …
 : lawmakers are scrambling to finish the  farm bill before the end of the month, when the current bill expires. second h…
great meeting w/ constituents this morning working as  drivers around central fl!   we discussed the need for… 
proud to join  + colleagues in opposing rollback of federal fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions s… 
 : en la #fiestadeindependencia en el consulado de méxico en orlando contamos con la presencia del congresista darren soto,…
 : celebrating nat hispanic month is with borinqueneers and  with the first usps post in the usa dedicated to the…
honored to dedicate kissimmee post office to los #borinqueneers, puerto rican veterans who served our country with… 
 : visiting the new lgbt center in kissimmee.      …
 : from : house judiciary committee has approved medical cannabis research act.  is co-sponsor of bipar…
we are praying for americans in the carolinas facing #hurricaneflorence. congress must pass disaster relief to help… 
 : brothers got a back end tour of the us capitol and watched the us house of representatives in session enter speeches into…
social security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors &amp; the disabled. i'm proud to join the new… 
 : . is a true champion of democracy reform in congress, scoring a / on our new  democracy scorecard. h…
mr. president: we had nearly  americans die in puerto rico due to your slow, failed response to hurricane maria… 
 : in less than  hours, hundreds of puerto rican families displaced by hurricane maria will lose their fema housing assista…
 : the right to vote is sacred. proud to lead a resolution w/  to: ✔️spark voter registration,  ✔️champion congress to…
kicking off #chci session on how newer financial technology is driving financial inclusion in underserved commu… 
 : thank you  and  for your powerful words at the  / memorial ceremony.  #united…
disgraceful and wholly inaccurate. yet we must come together as a nation to help americans in north and south carol… 
today we remember lives lost and those injured on #september, recognize heroism of our #firstresponders, and neve… 
 : each and every one of us deserves a safe and secure nation that upholds the dignity and respect of all people.  today i…
 :  at bridging the gap, in orlando.      …
 : puerto rico's restaurants are helping carve the island’s path to recovery. 
 : today our city of kissimmee enjoyed for the first time the puerto rican parade followed by a great festival at our bea…
and congress needs to pass a supplemental  relief package for puerto rico to finish the job! 🇺🇸 🇵🇷 
 : "we face huge challenges, some before and some after maria."   on the importance of the environment to the…
 : thank you  for trying to protect not just florida but all states from offshore drilling. #protectourcoast
 :  - people move to florida because of ocean, springs, nature. go to any park and you’ll see latino families e…
 : next up at  is  - thank you for working to ban fracking and protect land and water in florida!…
we need diversity in our environmental activism! from climate change, to environmental justice, communities across… 
 : .: "the cbc believes that, if confirmed, judge kavanaugh’s views on voting rights, policing, and executive pow…
 : a year ago, we faced an enormous challenge as a result of #irma's passage through #puertorico. we came together as bro…
trump’s #scotus nominee poses a direct threat to civil rights of women, people of color, lgbtq community, immigrant… 
 : el presidente trump esta ignorando descaradamente una orden judicial para continuar deteniendo a niños inmigrantes. esto t…
we must prioritize &amp; invest in america’s infrastructure. we should have the best roads, bridges &amp; waterways in the… 
 : representing  at the  osceola education summit.    …
#daca has helped over , young ppl legally work, drive, enroll in higher education, &amp; find safety from deporta… 
honored to work w ⁦⁩ &amp; ⁦⁩ to bring home $m for orange &amp; $m for osceola school distr… 
 : alejandra juarez, deported wife of iraq war veteran, has a new blog about the journey she's begun with her daughter.  "hope…
trump #supremecourt nominee ⁦⁦⁩ believes in absolute executive power at a time when checks and balan… 
 : now: just finished talking with  about biggest issues for osceola county and central florida: affordable hou…
we are monitoring the path of #tropicalstormgordon through south florida. everyone please be prepared and careful. 
. highlights community heroes like tirso moreno of  who make central florida a better place to… 
 : ., snap has helped lift millions out of poverty, but millions of americans living in poverty today still de…
very excited about  puerto rico research hub! this work will be critical to making informed policy decisions fo… 
the late sen john mccain is honored at  may his life set an example of courage and service for all of con… 
 : almost a year after #hurricanemaria,  #puertorico is appealing ’s decision to reduce federal support for our reco…
we’ll continue to push for the disaster housing assistance program to provide longer term housing. our office will… 
our prayers go out to families of  workers who died in a construction accident early this morning. ⁦such a tragic… 
death count is revised to nearly , americans from puerto rico after hurricane maria. this is a stark reminder t… 
 : honored to get the job done for our district in congress! here’s a great summary: 
happy th birthday to ms. katherine johnson, nasa mathematician who calculated trajectories for apollo missions,… 
with continued gun violence occurring in fla, most recently in #jacksonville, it’s important to restate our  point… 
   that’s from . in , i received an f rating (%) from nra in congress. 
   i have never taken any money from the nra and have a d grade. please go to our o… 
with  shootings in  weekend in jacksonville, this is a reminder that we must work together to end gun violence now!
our prayers go out to those killed and injured in #jacksonville shooting, and we hope shooter will be brought to ju… 
our thoughts are with americans from #bigisland of hawaii after enduring winds and flooding from #hurricanelane  co… 
rip us senator john mccain. thank you for your service to our country, for your courage and for your candor! 
congrats to our federal workers on major court victory for federal labor rights ⁦today! ⁩ ⁦⁩… 
honored to get the job done for our district in congress! here’s a great summary: 
 : this just in -&gt;  has allocated $.m as part of urban area security initiative (uasi) to help prevent, respond t…
over , rohingya refugees remain stranded in dire humanitarian conditions. we must continue to seek justice an… 
rip george  thank you for all you did for florida and our nation! #sayfie  
 : representing  at the lavender lunch at ucf.       …
great job by sofla federal investigators for seizing $.b in laundered assets from corrupt maduro regime. justicia… 
 : ., snap has helped lift millions out of poverty, but millions of americans living in poverty today still depend…
 : borinqueneers will get a post office dedicated to them in kissimmee, floria. thank  
 : the  defends #quietskies as a th member of congress  calls for an investigation into allegations of…
we have one of the hottest years on record and trump pushes to end obama’s clean power plan? congress must block th… 
cohen’s plea admitting he paid hush money on behalf of trump, implicates a federal crime and must be investigated b… 
 : special thanks to  for attending the fngla action chapter's gene a. batson award luncheon today! …
#eidmubarak to everyone in our muslim community and wish you all a meaningful fast. 
 : icymi:  calls allegations of racial profiling at federal air marshal service, that we first reported last…
proud to work with ,  and colleagues to protect home care workers. they are an important… 
 : . and  calling for federal investigation into racial profiling by air marshal service at …
we are proud to deliver results for our constituents! here’s a great summary: 
 : super informative panel feat.  on coastal preservation and overall environmental conditions. thanks …
 : the  initiative launch was an amazing sample of how  is helping protect/serve fl.  i want to thank …
do you have a favorite small business in central florida? small businesses need #netneutrality to connect with cust… 
 : thank you  for standing with nurses in our fight for economic justice!   us rep. darren soto, representin…
 : after ’s decision to end daca, committee dems released a report highlighting the key role dreamers play i…
great to work with   &amp; others to bring back $.m in disaster relief funds for fla sc… 
today marks rd anniversary of social security! serving families –  million seniors, children, &amp; adults with dis… 
truth about trump economy: corporate profits are way up ⬆️ and real wages are down ⬇️ time for a #abetterdeal… 
 : thanks     &amp;  for standing up for fl &amp; supporting #clea…
pr gov’t revises official death toll to ,. studies show it’s probably even greater. congress must pass another… 
congrats to our deputy chief  for your appointment to  alumni board!!! 
promesa board job cuts in puerto rico will only worsen recession there. fed ct made wrong call approving them. we w… 
wishing a happy birthday to my dear friend,  buddy dyer! 
we strongly oppose the trump administration’s recently announced plan to weaken federal clean car standards. tailpi… 
 : representing  at the state of the city in orlando.     …
 : darren soto   wants census to stop asking about citizenship:  …
 : florida's  says he will continue to fight the deportation of an iraq war veteran's wife who has been forced to r…
today, on #nationalpurpleheartday, orange county was proclaimed a purple heart county! we recognize and show apprec… 
 : i did this story in june about objections of  and others to citizenship question in  census. he and othe…
as part of the #census open comment period, members sent letter to the dept of commerce opposing… 
 :  discusses variety of issues at tiger bay club luncheon. my story: 
 : . has been helping alejandra with her case by writing letters and appeals but they’ve been ignored https://t.…
i will continue to support the juarez family through this difficult situation and continue the fight against the tr… 
 : after a  year battle, this military wife and mother of two from polk county was deported back to mexico. she had plead…
 : we brought you this story a few months ago – about an orlando military wife facing deportation. ’s office…
senate needs to #committoroe and ensure any  nominee respects a woman’s constitutional right to choo… 
what justice does this serve? today’s deportation of our constituent alejandra is an utter disgrace. she's a patrio… 
 : first thing  said when he saw alejandra was “sorry.” despite months of effort, she would still be deported. s…
 : alejandra juarez,,left,has an emotional goodbye friday to her children, pamela,, estela,, and katie aragon,right, of …
 : breaking: multiple members of congress led by  + , ranking member of house armed services committee,…
 : alejandra juarez, the wife of a polk county marine veteran and mother of two american girls, arrived at  for her depor…
 : after two decades of building a life here, alejandra juarez is set to be deported from her home in davenport, fla., ba…
 : her husband is a marine combat veteran who voted for trump. now he's asking the president for help as she faces deportation…
 : great town hall meeting to discuss cancer presumption coverage for our firefighters. % of line of duty deaths are from…
trump freezes car efficiency standards, adds fuel to fire of #globalwarming - kicker is auto manufacturers don’t ev… 
judge hillman extends tsa hotel vouchers for pr evacuees until aug ! thanks for respecting rights of these americ…  i attended the 's th annual gala to raise money to improve and upgrade cancer medical care. 
the 's electrical welfare club's th annual scholarship breakfast.  my grandfather was an ibew ele… 
our local fire departments count on volunteers to protect our communities &amp; i am proud to have been able to work wi… 
this morning i stood alongside religious, political &amp; law enforcement leaders in support for the tree of life synag… 
yesterday’s shooting in pittsburgh made today’s 's nd annual "walk the talk," even more meaningful… 
congratulations to emerge nursing and rehabilitation center (formerly known as marquis center for nursing and rehab… 
it was an honor to deliver the keynote address at the nd anniversary of korean american civic empowerment (kace).… 
the president said yesterday that he will work to reduce prescription drug prices. good. it's about time. let’s wor… 
along w/colleagues, from both sides of the aisle, i signed a letter urging  to continue to honor the… 
proud to have voted for the bipartisan suppo for patients &amp; communities act. this bipartisan effort is a positive… 
the army corps, at my request, held a public hearing re the feasibility of constructing tidal gates near the throgs… 
i stopped by the  yesterday. there was a large engaged crowd and we discussed local, national, and internatio… 
more great news for our veterans! another mobile medical unit for vets just opened in  - this one is… 
at my request, the army corps of engineers is holding a public hearing regarding the proposed throgs neck bridge ti… 
gen.  has written a book on leadership. he uses 's painting, that i commissioned, to ta… 
diwali mubarak!  i stopped by the hindu festival of lights, diwali mela, at the asamai hindu temple &amp; community cen… 
visited the nassau council of chambers of commerce's legislative breakfast. it was great to see so many old friends… 
long island-built rockets?  yes! let's think big and boost our high tech island's " research corridor"!… 
    #compositeprototypingcenter
long island has the "right stuff" to build rockets for the st century!  at this morning's aerospace &amp; defense con… 
yesterday i was honored to be invited by my predecessor, , to speak at the global institute at liu's… 
let’s build a rocket on long island! last spring i toured  in ca w/ceo dan hart. they are building roc… 
veterans mobile medical unit started today in glen cove!! 
max haot's  is just one of an impressive cluster of aerospace/defense cos. here on li. rockets for la… 
reminder - the deadline to submit both an application and submission for the congressional app challenge is -noon… 
thank you,   #demsatwork 
starting on monday, the faa is going to be testing alternative routes for helicopters, which are expected to cut no… 
reminder ~ the deadline for student registration &amp; submissions for the #congressionalappchallenge is monday, octobe… 
in a world of increasing instability, our enduring relationship with israel has never been more vital. we cannot al… 
i am proud to support our ally and will always stand with israel, america’s longtime friend and partner. israel has… 
‼️reminder - the deadline for submission of nomination applications is friday, october ,  ‼️ for more informa… 
recently passed in the house, h.con.res. , expresses that child safety is the first priority of custody and visit… 
climate change is real. wake up!  we must move to a greener economy because ) it’s good for the environment, ) it… 
 : the coal act from  would make it easier to convict politicians on corruption charges. 
i am proud of my % rating by    in the words of st. francis of assisi, "if you have men who will exclu… 
we need to change the rules &amp; “break the gridlock!” watch my testimony before the house rules committee w/the probl… 
last night i stopped by lisa colgate’s locust valley bookstore for 's book signing of heart: a history, fro… 
this morning i held a follow-up mtg re the cleanup of the navygrummanplume. attending w/ were reps from t… 
reminder - the deadline for submission of nomination applications is friday, october , .  
thank you  for the visit. i am looking forward to working w/you to help make long island's  resear… 
rockets on li! i met w/max haot ceo  he designs rocket engines in bklyn, d prints &amp; tests calverton.… 
to keep northport harbor clean &amp; navigable, the harbor needs to be dredged. today i held a meeting w/experts from… 
it was a privilege to be an honorary host and speak at the annual "washington, a man of prayer" event in statuary h… 
great day at the #northshorecoalitionagainstsubstanceabuse's day of wellness with . also at tappen beach, sp… 
with the house's approval of the faa reauthorization act, we are one step closer to realizing several provisions (s… 
a special thank you to eric and sandy krasnoff. on friday night the #krasnofftheater at the  officiall… 
 
thank you for coming by  
thank you,  
, along with their partner organization, the , is our country's leading cancer advocacy organ… 
thank you, , for inviting me to speak at your monthly meeting. it was a great well-attended meeting with… 
   thank you for participating and for your support!
see today’s newsday about the " research corridor" conference i hosted yesterday. 
#researchcorridor great story, thank you  
 : th annual walkathon with the incomparable ⁦⁩ and the cwny board. ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ #l…
     great work!
 
it was an honor to speak to the  this evening.  i was raised, and have raised my children, in and a… 
special thanks to the  who donated $, to  parishes tonight. it was a great night!  my dad was the grand… 
g'mar chatimah tovah to my jewish friends observing yom kippur. wishing you an easy and meaningful fast. 
reminder ~ the deadline for student registration &amp; submissions is mon. oct. !  do you have an interesting app ide… 
nominating men and women to one of our nation's service academies is one of the highest honors i have as your membe… 
it was a pleasure to meet with some of the representatives from  this week and learn more about their… 
thank you  for your hard work. i will continue to work on my end on behalf of patient and nurses… 
  thank you  for your hard work. i will continue to work on my end on behal… 
 
safety first!  thank you   and  
nominating men and women to one of our nation's service academies is one of the highest honors i have as your membe… 
i recently visited the / memorial in manhattan and spoke at the dedication of the cold spring harbor fire depart… 
l'shanah tovah!  happy new year to all celebrating the start of the high holy days this evening. 
the introduction of chinese fentanyl is compounding an already major crisis in our country; opioid addiction.  plea… 
today, i called on my senate colleagues to continue the work the house has done to provide increasingly robust fund… 
my mother was a nurse!  this week i met w/reps from  &amp; yesterday day i met w/reps from .… 
this morning i met with  delegates from #ny . i will always be a strong supporter of the state of israel. 
support !  members of congress pitched in together to assemble care packages for the spouses of deployed se… 
yesterday i hosted an #aginginplace roundtable. #projectindependence #norc 
my district office staff surprised me with a birthday lunch. thanks team! 
 thank you!
i held a mini-town hall at the greens at half hollow h.o.a. for their weekly get together. we discussed what’s goin… 
i met with 's new acting director dr. cathy cruise yesterday.  i am dedicated to ensuring that our va… 
yesterday marked the th anniversary of the founding of  and i stopped by their farmingdale facility to join… 
i had a great time with  at the town of 's senior funday monday and their salute to our… 
 
john mccain is a great american hero. he devoted his life to our country and put his country before his party, and… 
the topic of gun reform is dividing our country, and it shouldn't. please see my statement below.… 
on september th at  i am hosting a meeting to bring together established and emerging biotech and life sc… 
 : i stood with , reps from  &amp; 's offices, and dr. peter muenning from  to…
please read my comment below  
from today's  , more on the importance of getting this fence repaired in honor of our veterans, their… 
from today’s    getting it done in honor of our veterans. 
success! fence removal, restoration and replacement at veteran's long island national cemetery is happening. we cal… 
 
the indian state of kerala is reeling from its worst flooding in nearly  years. my prayers go out to the people… 
programs like those in the story below help high school graduates enter the skilled work force prepared and well-tr… 
thank you to  for coming to my huntington district office to advocate on behalf of our local school… 
on aug. , , president franklin roosevelt signed the social security act, creating one of the most significant… 
the survivors of the parkland florida shootings on // are now leading the  movement. they have… 
do you have an interesting app idea? you can now turn your idea into reality. the  congressional app challenge… 
this summer we had  interns working out of my district office, answering questions &amp; assisting constituents w/the… 
andrea gottesman, a local district activist leader for , and her service dog hubert, stopped by my distri… 
i joined  and  in celebrating  years of israel.  honored with lifetime achievement awards w… 
 muchas gracias 
stopped by the  baymen's bash this weekend. this annual fundraiser benefits their shellfish seeding… 
thank you,  ! 
celebrated the feast of la madonna maria ss regina deli angeli with associazione sacchesi d'america in whitestone.… 
look who we bumped into at #saintroccosfeast ! can you guess who they are?  ....and the sausage and peppers are gre… 
happy th birthday to the ! #cg  created by congress on august , , the united states coast guard is… 
celebrating the th anniversary of reverend jose and juanita lopez as pastors of iglesia ciudad de refugio, inc. f… 
great meeting with the #nassaucountyseniorscoalition. among the topics we discussed was the reauthorization of the… 
#tomandthetrades working w/  installing duct-work is tough work. anyone who thinks we should make the… 
yesterday, along w/, other elected officials &amp; their reps, i met w/ members of , the eastern he… 
this morning i joined  &amp; leaders of ny's biotech community for a tour of alexandria launchlabs, which is… 
 i am looking forward to it, too!
yesterday, i spoke on the house floor about students in #ny who are leading the charge for common-sense gun legis… 
i am going to be on  around : this afternoon. i hope you tune in and give it a listen. 

read 's piece, "calls for open borders wind up closing doors for democrats" in  today. 
the senate must ensure that brett kavanaugh will fairly and responsibly base and apply his decisions on the rule of… 
i want to hear from you!  i am going to be hosting a live tele-town hall this evening from :-:pm. join me to… 
save the #endangeredspeciesact! for  years #endangeredspeciesact has safeguarded fragile wildlife &amp; is now as end… 
today! come on over to my nd annual summer open house this morning beginning at :am. say hello, learn about co… 
they tried to rough me up this morning on  , but i think i held my own. what do you think? 
#nycoverphotocontest submit your best scenic pic of new york's rd for a chance to be featured on our facebook pa… 
great to meet w/members of  who are in dc for their annual advocacy conference. the alliance is a coa… 
 thank you!
the president’s comments today regarding putin and russia were just plain wrong.  read my full statement. 
great meeting with  at their annual conference held in my hometown of glen cove. it was good to see lots of… 
we are now on instagram! how about giving us a follow?  
next saturday, july  at :am is my nd annual summer open house☀️ come on over and say hello, learn about cons… 
this administration has failed to meet today's deadline for reuniting all separated children under  w/their parent… 
#tomandthetrades! yesterday, i tried my hand being an air traffic controller. fortunately, the well-trained &amp; high-… 
i will keep fighting for the ! today i met w/ outgoing &amp; incoming acting director (who begins her fir… 
last week was  annual #teenadvocacyday. i had an opportunity to meet w/some young constituents advoca… 
save the date! saturday, july  at :am is my nd annual summer open house.  come on over to say hello, learn a… 
i will be on 's periscope livestream at :am et talking about the separated children crisis and the urgen… 
went on  with my republican colleague  this am.  check it out!   
i will be coming up on   about :am, tune in! 
my grandfather was an ibew electrician who changed the lights on the empire state building and i will always stand… 
supreme ct decision in #janus case will hurt public employee unions &amp; working families who have consistently fought… 
watch this video of my discussion on  immigration  
 : watch:  (d-ny) says he's texting with  (d-ny) about his primary loss: "i was shocked at the way he…
watching representative tom suozzi on immigration policy  
yesterday, at my office in huntington, i held a reception for all the students (and their families) i nominated and… 
last night the house passed the blue water navy bill, -.  i was proud to support this bill to ensure that treat… 
i will do everything i can to help expedite the reunification of these and other families and want to see that the… 
nassau county exec laura curran &amp; i visited mercyfirst in syosset where  migrant children who have been separated… 
 and i joined  other members of congress on a bipartisan fact finding delegation to visit the el p… 
today i visited the tornillo detention center on the texas border.  read more about my visit here:… 
the people have spoken &amp; forced the pres to reverse his policy. the images &amp; stories we have seen  &amp; heard about wh… 
 is a great way for dems &amp; reps to come together and it's great to show the country that, in spite… 
thanks  
#traintalk is back! 
please watch my speech on the floor regarding the renaming of the oyster bay national wildlife refuge to the congre… 
 came to dc yesterday to fight for nassau’s fair share of federal infrastructure funds to help deve… 
last night, at  i honored young people who have chosen careers in skilled labor w/vocational traini… 
today is national gun violence awareness day. we #wearorange to give a voice to the  americans who die and the hu… 
i had an important and productive meeting with my veterans advisory committee yesterday. among the topics we discus… 
last night was service academy information night. an impressive group of young people, and their parents, came out… 
we must condemn the rocket attacks launched by hamas from gaza against israel civilians.  one of these rockets even… 
#tomandthetrades "workforce-based skills programs, such as apprenticeships, prepare students for a good standard of… 
glen cove was founded on may th,  -  years ago today!  i gave a speech on the house floor this morning to… 
busy day in dc! please take a look at this video where i press secretary of state mike pompeo on the need for a com… 
take a look at my testimony regarding the navy/grumman plume. it is imperative that we clean up all environmental d… 
it's #nationalmaritimeday our merchant mariners power the world’s largest economy, strengthening our ties w/trading… 
i toured  facility in e. farmingdale, manufacturer of parts for the navy's subs/aircraft carriers,… 
on sat. i went to the  health resources fair; an openhouse for veterans to enroll in svcs available t… 
 : these men &amp; women, many who possess strategically valuable language and cultural tools, as well as the desire to serve…
from today’s newsday - “grown-ups have failed.” 

our hyperpartisan fight over russia’s meddling in the ' elections has distracted us from the danger that russia p… 
service to the poor and neediest among us appears in one form or another in every manner of faith. that’s why i’m l… 
the president must stop this destructive, discriminatory language &amp; behavior. yes, there are bad immigrants (ms-)… 
#netneutrality - give the people what they want!  net neutrality is not a partisan issue...among the people. let's… 
please read the editorial in  today re: navy/grumman plume - "rep. thomas suozzi wants the navy to buy the… 
many soldiers are engaged in high skilled jobs while in the military. my veterans advisory committee asked for my h… 
yesterday i hosted the biotech&amp;life sciences roundtable. panel incl    … 
  thank you!
 : lots of news in today's point. will  respond to  and others, who are requesting more workers to get…
the youth movement is growing strong. this group, from  is promoting fiscal sustainability. whether it i… 
it’s always a pleasure to welcome visitors to capitol hill!   had a great talk with my friends from … 
it was an honor to meet with dr. samuel stanley, president of  today. among the many things we discusse… 
       thank you, 
thank you  
thank you for stopping by  ! 
yesterday i toured the 's east side access tunnels &amp; platform. i am going to keep the pressure on  to en… 
today’s navy/grumman roundtable assembled key parties to discuss the bottom line of this issue: cleaning up the plu… 
thank you  #tomandthetrades 
thank you, 
i had a great dialogue this evening with greg huger, the assistant to the administrator for afghanistan-pakistan af… 
thank you  
 
thank you,  

great night! #unionstrong 
wow, what a great crowd at tonight's   congressional night. we need more good men and women lik… 
congrats to the participants in the  congressional art competition! this year’s winner is kyra mclaughlin, from… 
that’s me on the pole! i spent some time on sat. w/ local ’s apprenticeship program - which requires … 
#lightitupblue april is #autismawarenessmonth  it was great to have  from  stop by my office… 
thank you  ~ my door is always open! 
my pleasure  ~ my door is always open!  another day/another trump cabinet member in trouble for misusing taxpayer 💵.  can’t say this administration isn’t c… 
when will  learn he can’t treat the constitution like an etch a sketch? this will fail in the court… 
it's #muralmonday!   this week's featured mural is 'who will guard the guards themselves?' by . find it on… 
 : ., the only latino member in the house oversight committee, stresses the importance of latino participation in #ce…
spoke at today’s  summit on how we must fight to ensure our voices are counted and heard.  the #census ensure… 
whether  will accept it or not, rhetoric against the free press inspired a disturbed individual to… 
thank you to this year’s  team for another great season.   once again, #losangeles and the people of #ca… 
come join us for community office hours being held today at the #eaglerock bark and meow, happening right outside o… 
(/) our hearts break for the victims, their families, and the entire tree of life synagogue community.   may thei… 
(/) antisemitism has no place in our society.  if we fail to commit in fighting against such hatred together, i f… 
thread (/):  once again, a vicious act of malice has transformed a place of worship into a crime scene. while fed… 
#teamgomez is #ladetermined⁠!  excited to watch the #boysinblue defend home turf tonight in #ca.   let’s go… 
shout out to  and  for offering free rides on election day!   the ability to vote should… 
i'm saddened to hear of the passing of , press secretary to ,   tyrone was dedicated to… 
. is one of the leading organizations in #ca that’s fighting for immigrant communities in la &amp; across the… 
this year, my office worked to help hundreds of #ca constituents who had problems w/ a federal agency.  here's a… 
congratulations to  on receiving almost $ million in  grant funding for their innovative work on da… 
to my #ca constituents: i’m monitoring this situation as it develops. nothing will deter me from fighting for tho… 
 : today, i’m releasing new reports showing how millions of older americans, women &amp; people w/ pre-ex conditions could be har…
i can’t tell you how proud i am of my sister, juanita! today, she became a citizen of the united states! 🇺🇸   love… 
today marks  days since donald trump, jeff sessions &amp; stephen miller began their horrendous crusade to separate… 
nearly  in  women and about  in  men have reported experiencing severe physical violence by an intimate partner… 
 : despite all of his claims – all of his promises – donald trump has failed to stem the tide of rising prescription drug pri…
 : don’t be fooled – president trump is no friend of #cleanair. he’s trying to reverse clean water and air rules to clear the way…
not only does this new and politically-motivated proposal disenfranchise .m #transgender americans, but it also s… 
today is the final day to register to vote in #ca.  if you have recently moved, gotten married, or changed your nam… 
it’s #muralmonday!  this week we’re featuring “queremos justicia, respeto, paz y dignidad,” painted by raul gonzale… 
further evidence  is clueless when it comes to understanding foreign policy.  cutting off aid to gu… 
 : trump's visit to tx will be filled w/ even more broken promises. while gop policies threaten working families' economi…
for  years,  has been working to make #glassellpark a better place to live for all its residents — demons… 
 : .: this isn’t about the caravan. this is about stoking fear  via  #immigration
the world series is coming back to #losangeles and #ca!  congratulations to the  on winning back-to-back… 
once  take control, we're going to work to ensure:  ✔️ #tps holders &amp; #daca recipients are protected… 
when  uses such hateful rhetoric against us, he's not just attacking our immigrant communities. he'… 
today on  we discussed just some of the absurd lies  is spreading about the migrant carav… 
 : .: it's not about the caravan. let's focus on what it's about. this is about #donaldtrump trying to stoke fear…
 : this week,  admitted the gop plans to renew their effort to repeal the aca next congress. now  f…
 in  american women will be diagnosed with #breastcancer in their lifetime.  the best defense against breast canc… 
as if dismantling protections for public lands wasn't enough —  has now been caught using taxpayer 💰… 
this  member is honored to have earned 💯 on the  congressional scorecard for my support of #lgbtq… 
 : under the , the cost of prescription drugs keeps going up while seniors &amp; working families are feeling the sque…
my office worked with  to fix the issue on their website, allowing santos to renew his driver's license and s… 
#caseworkstories thread:  robb from #picounion reached out to my office for help with his husband santos's employme… 
gay, lesbian &amp; bi teens are x more likely to attempt suicide than their peers. that number is even higher for tran… 
there’s no depth  won’t sink to in his efforts to end immigration as we know it. it’s a clear examp… 
now  wants to give saudi arabia more time to “investigate” themselves?   the ’s jamal khas… 
 : if the gop wins congress, we'll have a sequel to groundhog day. instead of a tv weatherman discovering the meaning of life, a…
hundreds of kids are still separated from their families and trump says he’ll separate even more!   this is what ha… 
what comes to mind when you think of ?  if you were thinking someone who unlawfully works against stud… 
you can file this one under #predictablegop:  the same party whose recklessness &amp; greed made the federal deficit sk… 
 : . is coming after medicare &amp; social security after their tax cuts for millionaires &amp; big corporations blew a m…
nothing is more patriotic than visiting our nation's capital to make your voice heard.  it shouldn't matter what si… 
had the opportunity to speak with #ca students from the  leadership class in #picounion.  they un… 
this has always been the #gop plan:  ️⃣ explode the deficit with trillions in tax cuts for the %.  ️⃣ feign conc… 
 : when jodi’s son was diagnosed with type  diabetes, her family did everything they could to keep up with the rising cost…
last year, more than / of all new hiv diagnoses in the us were among the #latino community.   everyone plays a pa… 
this week's #muralmonday is by daniel ruiz — an artist, actor &amp; set designer from #highlandpark who painted murals… 
 : “democrats are fighting #forthepeople — and republicans are fighting for the powerful. it’s time to get america back on…
whether they were immigrants or native-born, the #latino community has made enormous and lasting contributions to a… 
 : #climatechange increases many problems for women in rural areas – but there are solutions. take a look at one of this year’s …
in may, during a house oversight hearing, i asked ’s acting assistant ag john gore if stephen miller… 
 years ago, matthew shepard’s life was tragically cut short — simply because of who he was.   hate has no place i… 
a #potus who values #freespeech would speak out on the apparent murder of ’s jamal khashoggi. those… 
my office submitted an expedited ead request on chao's behalf, which was granted!  he received his ead card just be… 
a #caseworkstories thread:  earlier this year, my constituent — chao — contacted my office for help w/ .  he’… 
 : “if we have the opportunity to lead the house of representatives next year, we will lower your health care costs, incre…
the american people are still waiting for the  administration to explain how they plan to address t… 
 : in aug, an official had  yr old helen sign a legal document waiving her rights away and her initial request for a flor…
nat'l #comingoutday is a time to celebrate courage in the #lgbtq community, and few have been a more prolific examp… 
every girl deserves an education.  every girl deserves equal opportunities.  every girl deserves respect.  today, a… 
over % of democrats and republicans across the country opposed the ’s repeal of #netneutrality.  outside of w… 
 : republicans are working overtime to sabotage your access to affordable health care.   they're suing to end protections…
 : yesterday, i joined my fellow georgia legislators to support the governor's emergency declaration request after the lan…
everyone deserves access to health, housing &amp; nutrition services. but those benefits are in jeopardy under… 
% of americans suffer from a mental illness, yet they don’t have the same access to #mentalhealthcare as they do… 
 : newly seated justice brett kavanaugh spoke up in defense of the trump administration’s view that legal immigrants with crimina…
 : hurricane michael is the #florida panhandle’s worst storm in more than  years. as ocean temperatures continue to rise, storm…
 : in order to pay for trump's mass deportation agenda, hhs shifted crucial $ from cancer research, head start, hiv preven…
we don’t just want you to “take a look” at the  climate report, .  we need you to:  ✅ take this… 
i don’t know anyone — on either side of the political spectrum — who believes  and  when t… 
the #toxictrump administration has undermined important environmental safeguards at every turn – threatening the ov… 
attention all middle school and high school students in #ca:  do you have coding skills you want to put to the te… 
 : children are not appointed attorneys to assist them in navigating our complex immigration system. due process demands t…
the history, culture, and contributions of #indigenouspeoples run deep through – and before – our nation’s history.… 
it’s hard to hear  all the way back there in the s.  honestly, what is he even talking about? and… 
despite the numerous obstacles we face in gaining access to capital, the #latinx community is a major driving force… 
 : the trump admin &amp; congressional republicans want to gut one of our country’s strongest environmental justice laws. democrats ar…
disappointed but not surprised as to how  has handled #brettkavanaugh’s #scotus confirmation.  from day … 
 : children have a right to be reunified with their parents. the trump adminsitration needs to stop slow walking reunifica…
my office worked w/ the embassy &amp; anne to prepare her for the visa interview.  happy to report that she was granted… 
and now, a #caseworkstories thread:  meet rosemarie, a constituent of mine who reached out to my office to get help… 
this was not the comprehensive investigation we asked for. no interviews with dr. blasey ford or those who corrobor… 
 : “u.s. companies are putting savings from the corporate tax cut to use, but only a fraction of it is flowing to employees…
this is great news for #tps families in #ca and across the nation!   it’s good to see federal courts doing what r… 
as a former labor organizer and state assemblymember, i spent years committed to the #fightfor because i believe… 
i spoke w/   days before the court ordered deadline to reunite children separated from their family at… 
meet ethan, our newest #la office intern!   ethan is a  veteran who came home this summer after being deploy… 
education turned me — a young man who made  sandwiches and stocked  shelves just to make ends meet —… 
as part of his ongoing crusade against science &amp; the environment,  is abolishing 's office of t… 
 : last week, house republicans passed the #goptaxscam ., which would give even more tax breaks to the wealthiest %.   wh…
fraud of this scale is unprecedented for a #potus &amp; this is what we found without ’s tax returns!… 
always appreciate the warm welcome i get from the residents of the st. barnabas senior services, !  thanks f… 
“where you see wrong, inequality, or injustice, speak out, because this is your country. this is your democracy. ma… 
 : dhs sec. kirstjen nielsen in june: "we do not have a policy of separating families at the border."  dhs ig report today: ye…
there is absolutely no reason for the trump administration to do this!  only % of  member states have legalize… 
stopping by  for a bite before the  game is quintessential #losangeles.  yesterday,… 
 : the difference couldn’t be clearer. democrats are #forthepeople. republicans are for millionaire and billionaire donors, w…
last year, our #ca family lost michelle vo in the tragic shooting at the  in las vegas.  she was o… 
it’s #muralmonday!  this week's pick is a youth mural project collaboration by local artists in #boyleheights and t… 
americans made it abundantly clear: they want a free &amp; open internet!   california is leading the fight to bring ba… 
it's been one year since  lives were lost in the #lasvegasshooting.  at the time  called a #bumpstock… 
no, bipartisanship isn’t dead. it’s alive &amp; well in the house of representatives! last week  &amp; i passe… 
happy th birthday, !  come celebrate #laphil in #dtla this week, where  and  ar… 
buried deep within a gov't report, the trump admin. admits that global temperatures will increase catastrophically… 
#bruinsgiveback!  joined my fellow  and  for  day at the children’s institut… 
#climatechange doesn’t stop at borders. neither should our effort to fight it.  today, i joined #california leaders… 
happy th anniversary to chinatown corps!   is one of la’s most iconic and historic neighborhoods! tha… 
this whole confirmation hearing has been a farce, without a real investigation into the background and history of j… 
 : if republicans were serious about finding the truth about the serious allegations against judge kavanaugh, they would suppo…
i’m a member of congress &amp; even i felt intimidated by the bright lights &amp; packed crowds at the #kavanaughhearing to… 
it is not unreasonable or partisan to:  ▪️ have a fbi investigation into the multitude of allegations against… 
 : as a sexual assault survivor, i understand what would lead dr. ford to delay telling her story. she deserves to be hear…
 : you can read ford's prepared opening statement here. 
today, #teamgomez met w/ ’s district liaisons in #la to talk about policies to make prescription drugs &amp; healt… 
looks like  took a page from ’s playbook by taking the podium for a record amount of ti… 
how many women have to step forward before  and  wake up?  how much worse do these accusa… 
it was my pleasure to welcome my constituent  &amp; his family to the capitol! i’d like to thank the bipar… 
 : honored to cosponsor this important legislation with . cancer does not discriminate. every american woman…
where was ’s tough talk when he was confronted w/ undeniable evidence that russia meddled in our … 
 : it’s somehow perfectly fitting that the gop are dragging their feet on #vawa at the same time they are dismissing alleg…
 : thanks to #lwcf funds, communities in #arizona enjoy  miles of trails and hundreds of acres for recreational activities at de…
jeanette acosta was my constituent, an intern for , a #capitolhill staffer &amp; a dedicated #womenshealth… 
 : there’s no excuse for allowing #lwcf to expire in  days. republicans love to talk about how they support protecting our #publi…
after my office contacted  to help schedule an appointment for luis, his over-payment was forgiven a… 
thread:  luis — a constituent from #picounion — contacted my district office for help setting up an appointment wit… 
your vote is your voice. it’s your platform to take a stand against:  ▫️injustice  ▫️greed  ▫️intolerance  ▫️hypocr… 
the world is literally laughing at us...  thanks . #unga 
 : i just asked sen. lisa murkowski, key gop swing vote, if there should be a full fbi investigation into allegations from kavanau…
 : the land &amp; water conservation fund is america’s most successful conservation initiative. if republicans get their way,…
happy mid-autumn moon festival!   this annual celebration is a sacred time for families to come together and give t… 
immigration courts should be able to operate independently of , but attorney general jeff sessions i… 
in classic  style — while no one was looking — his administration took $ million away from cance… 
for this week’s #muralmonday, #teamgomez is featuring “soul traveler” by carly ealey. she painted this beautiful pi… 
to be clear: we don’t know rod rosenstein’s fate at this moment.   that said, it’s probably a good time to unearth… 
 : the #goptaxscam benefited the wealthiest corporations at the expense of working families—and republicans have given up…
working w/ a federal agency can be complex.  that’s why #teamgomez holds #communityofficehours! we’re here to help… 
today,  moved to destroy america’s legal immigration system &amp; continue his white nationalist agenda… 
celebrate #publiclandsday tomorrow by visiting san gabriel mountains national monument!   preserving #openspaces is… 
meet paul, our new fall #dc intern from whittier. this is his first week on #teamgomez!  paul studied… 
today, please join #teamgomez in celebrating the #internationaldayofpeace by taking the #peacedaychallenge!  in the… 
don’t believe — even for a moment — the absurd notion that the  administration is delaying the proc… 
 : federal officers have arrested dozens of undocumented immigrants who came forward to take care of undocumented immigran…
californians just get it! we know that #climatechange:  ☑️ is real  ☑️ is caused by humans  ☑️ poses a… 
one year out &amp; #puertorico is still reeling from #hurricanemaria’s destruction.  homes are in the path of future st… 
too many questions remain unanswered about juan david ortiz, a -year veteran of , who is in custody facing fo… 
 : a year ago #hurricanemaria struck #puertorico with devastating fury.  we must do more to help our fellow americans reco…
i had a great time today with my constituents of the #highlandpark seniors group, who invited me to their annual me… 
the trump administration has lost track of yet another , unaccompanied minors, and we don’t know if they are sa… 
 : the republican agenda in a nutshell: slash medicare and social security to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy few. https:…
to all who are observing #yomkippur in #ca and across the globe, i wish you a day of meaningful reflection and an… 
 : dr. christine blasey ford is risking everything to report sexual assault. we demand a thorough investigation of the al…
whether it was  years or  generations ago;  whether it was by boat, by plane, or on foot;   one thing has always… 
#dyk almost half of all americans living with hiv/aids are  y/o or older?   thanks to medical advances, hiv/aids… 
the oil industry says #hurricaneflorence highlighted the need to expand offshore drilling.  couldn’t disagree more!… 
 : "the move is the latest in a series of efforts the president has made to clamp down on immigration to the united states…
it’s time for #muralmonday!  this week #teamgomez is featuring “blessing of the animals” by leo politi.  take a tri… 
#potus issued orders to  to disrupt the investigation of his presidential campaign. declassifying do… 
#teamgomez recently joined , , and local community organizations in #lincolnheights to support ef… 
on this #citizenshipday,  is facing unprecedented citizenship application backlogs.  we must ensure… 
sending positive thoughts for a speedy recovery to .  we’re thinking about you, #bigjohn! #thedean 
dr. christine blasey ford’s voice must be heard.  i applaud her for making the courageous decision to come forward.… 
#teamgomez is holding our #communityofficehours today at the ascot hills k challenge in #elsereno!  stop by am -… 
now this is a #spaceforce i can get behind! nicely done ! ca continues to be a model for the country… 
meet elaine, our summer #dc intern &amp; fellow  bruin! she’s currently studying political theory &amp; #publichealth.… 
i haven’t read the letter forwarded to senators outlining sexual assault allegations against #brettkavanaugh. but t… 
for  years, the #violenceagainstwomenact has helped protect survivors of domestic violence &amp; sexual abuse.   reau… 
 : breaking: today we’re launching #wastedresources, a -part series exposing how natural resources committee republicans are was…
#teamgomez was in #dtla today for the opening ceremony of the newest branch of the king sejong institute. sponsored… 
that’s my chief of staff!  congrats bertha guerrero for winning this year’s  young alumnus award! you’ll never… 
love it when friends like  of  pay me a visit in my dc office, especially when they advocate on… 
no one should be surprised to see  conspiracy-tweeting about #puertorico with such blatant disregar… 
#socialsecurityworks! it works for #ca, it works for california &amp; it works for our country!  as a founding member… 
 : as health care costs soar &amp; republicans continue their despicable attacks on people with pre-existing conditions, the g…
congratulations, !   looking forward to working with you in your new role and supporting ’s efforts… 
) these discussions are so important &amp; will help us as we work together to eliminate health disparities &amp; truly se… 
) too many people — particularly #peopleofcolor — are still not getting the health services they need because of a… 
 : health advocates and social justice activists address “social determinants of health and their impact on community-based health a…
next time you hear a  member call themselves a “compassionate conservative,” ask them why they support a b… 
it’s no secret our democracy is under attack. when it comes to defending it, protecting the integrity of our electi… 
 : internet service providers are already slowing down service to ,  &amp; . we need to restore #ne…
hey : almost , americans died and it took eleven months for your administration to restore powe… 
important to remember:  the move by the  administration to meddle with the #census by adding a… 
 : “the #census, in its purest form, is about equal representation.” - thank you  for joining us at #helo…
why is  trying to manipulate the #census? he knows if he does, he can silence #latinx voices wh… 
 years ago, we faced one of the darkest days in our history.  from ashes &amp; despair, we rose up, united as one peo… 
it’s official: california is now the largest economy in the world to commit to becoming a zero carbon economy.  thi… 
over  million americans have suicidal thoughts every year. these aren't statistics, these are our family members,… 
l'shanah tova to all celebrating #roshhashanah today! may the new year bring peace, happiness, and prosperity to yo… 
 : republicans should be ashamed of their efforts to destroy critical pre-existing condition protections that keep insura…
during this jewish high holy day season, i’d like to wish all those who celebrate a sweet, happy, and healthy new y…  congressman lamb statement on shooting at tree of life synagogue: 
deadline reminder: qualified students in #pa seeking a nomination from congressman lamb to one of the u.s. servic… 
the suppo act is a an important step in the battle against the heroin &amp; opioid epidemic in western pa, but we hav… 
servicemembers are focused on serving our country. we must ensure they have everything they need to do their jobs t… 
increasing access to hands-on #stem learning will help prepare students for the jobs of tomorrow. great discussion… 
reminder:  open enrollment period runs now through december , . enrollment counseling is available… 
veterans who have been exposed to dangerous toxins during their service deserve the best possible treatment. the bi… 
a .%  cola increase in  is good news for seniors, survivors &amp; people w/ disabilities who have earned… 
we should be working together to make health care &amp; prescription drugs more affordable. people suffering from a pre… 
qualified students in #pa seeking a nomination from congressman lamb to one of the u.s. service academies must ap… 
congress must continue to work to address the opioid crisis devastating our communities.  today’s bipartisan passag… 
pa’s veteran suicide rate is x that of the rest of the population, we need to do better. september is veteran suic… 
connecting dislocated workers to job opportunities is critical to the economic success of our region. new… 
one of the first bills i cosponsored in congress was the bipartisan american miners pension act.  we need to act no… 
today stop by greensburg hempfield library in  to meet w/ members of my constituent services team du… 
stop by  in  today to meet with members of my constituent services team during our m… 
important discussion today hosted by  on need to work together to invest in infrastructure and solve… 
to all who observe, wishing you a meaningful yom kippur. #pa
starting today in greene county, members of my constituent services team will host mobile office hours across #pa… 
us servicemembers get the best training in the world &amp; deserve credit for it when they continue their education &amp; s… 
today, we commemorate the lives of the victims of the september ,  attacks and honor their families &amp; all of… 
l’shanah tovah  —wishing you a happy and sweet new year. #pa
congress needs to get to work on important bipartisan priorities for our region: infrastructure and transportation… 
we thank veterans for their service all the time, but we need to thank them with action. that includes making sure… 
today, we honor the many contributions of hardworking americans, and those who continue the fight for workers’ righ… 
good luck to the #pa students, teachers and school support staff heading #backtoschool this week. wishing you all… 
rest in peace . thank you for a life of service to our country. 
wtae-tv is moving to new frequency today as a result of federal communications commission's (fcc) broadcast spectru… 
spent the day talking to employees at local companies  &amp;  to hear more about workforce deve… 
toured   facility w/  to learn about research happening in region to protect hardworkin… 
my office is here first &amp; foremost to help you. we offer a variety of services related to federal agencies, includi… 
attended the annual rain day festival in waynesburg yesterday to honor  wwi veterans from greene county, who lost… 
. pop-up disaster loan outreach center in  starts today for homeowners, renters &amp; businesses i… 
my office is here to serve you with any issues regarding federal agencies. today, members of my constituent service… 
this week, members of my constituent services team will host mobile office hours in ,… 
enjoyed an early morning run on the mall today with   and  soldiers. always a great way t… 
  thanks .  honored to serve and look forward to working with you and the rest… 
caring for veterans is top priority as we create a more efficient healthcare system . honored to be… 
we rely on federal workers, including k+ veterans, to get social security benefits to seniors, care for veterans… 
meet our new summer intern, coco. i am committed to supporting animal welfare issues and am a co-sponsor of both th… 
an honor to provide  a flag that was flown over the u.s. capitol to commemorate the opening of patr… 
spent the day meeting with local business owners , , the dreamers co.  the presidents pub to… 
the  is providing a pop-up resource center to assist south hills residents affected by the june th flood… 
presented "plank owners” certificate to ltjg george l. freas  for his service aboard the uss lst  during… 
tomorrow, members of my constituent services team will host mobile office hours at bowlby library in greene county… 
thanks to  and  stopping by my office this week to #advocatestem. great to see s… 
 : today, i declared a countywide disaster emergency related to flooding and damages on june . on saturday, i joined …
the #janus ruling undermines the rights of american workers. it hurts the middle class &amp; makes it harder for worker… 
thanks to all of the first responders and crews dealing with yesterday’s devastating flooding. spoke to… 
i cosponsored the #keepfamiliestogetheract (h.r. ) to put an end to the cruel policy of separating kids and fam… 
this week, i had the opportunity to visit natural gas sites in  and greene county to learn firsthand… 
taking children away from their parents is wrong, it's cruel, and it doesn't make us any safer. this isn't how we t… 
happy father's day to all of the amazing dads out there who fill their children's lives with compassion, love and strength every day. #pa
tomorrow, members of my dedicated constituent services team will host mobile office hours  in… 
today the house passed my bipartisan bill with  creating a federal task force to streamline our respons… 
good luck to  student alaina nypaver who is on capitol hill today with  competing in the national… 
this week i toured elliott group’s global hq in  to see first-hand the incredible manufacturing work… 
as we take bipartisan action in congress this week to fight the opioid epidemic, i held a roundtable discussion yes… 
spent today in  &amp; had a great meeting with  to discuss infrastructure improvements to foster… 
tomorrow, members of my dedicated constituent services team will host mobile office hours in  at gre… 
tonight i will oppose legislation to cut $ billion in funding to support children’s health insurance program (chip… 
#vamissionact is proof of what we can accomplish when we work together in a bipartisan fashion.  we need to protect… 
ensuring access to quality education that leads to good paying jobs is essential to growing our economy. glad to sp… 
my dedicated casework team will be in  (/) and  (/) locations working alongside… 
this month, look for members of my dedicated constituent services team at mobile office hours in ,… 
honored to attend  where i met inspirational women veterans and military spouse entrepreneurs.… 
caring for veterans is our highest responsibility. this week i toured  facilities in #pittsburgh inclu… 
 thank you for a great visit yesterday.
appreciated opportunity to meet with and listen to  employees this week and to see the amazing work… 
taking a moment to pause and thank those in active duty and my fellow veterans for their service, and to remember a… 
today, i had the privilege of kicking off #memorialdayweekend with cadets from norwin hs air force jrotc for their… 
honored to be presented with the official seal of the united states marine corps by  #pa #marines 
this week, the house worked in a bipartisan manner to pass a number of important bills to support our #veterans inc… 
appreciate the opportunity to sit down with #pa  this am to discuss our shared work to strengthen th… 
congressman lamb statement on vote against s.  #pa 
thankful for the opportunity to join my colleagues and  to assemble care packages for our service men and w… 
congress must act to safeguard the internet and ensure net neutrality protections. proud to support bipartisan effo… 
fentanyl is fueling record overdoses &amp; endangering law enforcement officers on the frontlines of the heroin epidemi… 
during #nationalpoliceweek join me in honoring law enforcement officers who put their lives at risk for the safety… 
this week, i voted to strengthen &amp; improve the services we provide to our veterans with the #vamissionact, and was… 
#happymothersday to all of the amazing, hard working moms. we couldn’t do it without you.
 : always a pleasure to meet with irish parliamentarians to discuss our shared commitment to peace. wishing them well during th…
working to find real solutions to protect our region’s energy network. #pa 
told  today that i'm very concerned about the challenges nuclear plants face in southwestern pa &amp; i'… 
participated in  committee hearing today and look forward to working with  and … 
great discussion with  yesterday, look forward to working together to address our pension crisis.… 
as we celebrate #teacherappreciationday, i’d like to thank all of the patient &amp; caring teachers who ignite imaginat… 
proud to work on  to advance several important bipartisan pieces of legislation in support of incre… 
great to join        and  toda… 
our #pa district office is open! call, stop in &amp; see us, or visit  to learn about the serv… 
participated in my first two committee hearings this week. #veterans hearing on wed. examining va life insurance pr… 
thank you for coming! great to meet you &amp; look forward to working together. 
proud to stand up for hardworking americans today &amp; join members from both parties to defeat an amendment that woul… 
proud to support greene county's grant award from the  to help revitalize former industrial sites for future us… 
we're seeking a wounded warrior or medically retired #veteran for a -year paid fellowship in our #pa office thro… 
if you live in #pa, sign up for our e-newsletter to keep up with all the latest from our office: 
 : congratulations to  &amp;   on this great partnership. thank you to  …
 : announcing a historic partnership between  &amp;  and its  along with  …
honored to have the opportunity to serve on the veterans' affairs committee &amp; the science, space &amp; technology commi… 
spoke with ,  &amp;  members in dc tonight about the need to reform labor laws &amp;… 
 : newly sworn in u.s. rep. conor lamb on the job at the u.s. capitol complex on tuesday.   https://t…
we're all in this together. we need solidarity, we need universal programs &amp; aspirations, &amp; we need to honor the se… 
at legion posts, at union halls and on people’s doorsteps in #pa, we found a faith in america and a fierce determ… 
we've heard a lot of talk about how our government can't get things done anymore, how we're too divided, our instit… 
it is a tremendous honor to take the oath &amp; to represent the people of #pa in congress. thank you for putting you…  